http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7849 complex numbers
complex numbers
Problems in the theory of functions of a complex variable
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 1
Complex variables : with an introduction to conformal mapping and its applications
Engineering mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and system engineers
The aim of this book is to provide a comprehensive account of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory and its relations with Diophantine approximation theory for graduate students and interested researchers. This book with nine chapters systematically describes Nevanlinna theory of meromorphic maps between algebraic varieties or complex spaces, building up from the classical theory of meromorphic functions on the complex plane with full proofs in Chap. 1 to the current state of research. Chapter 2 presents the First Main Theorem for coherent ideal sheaves in a very general form. With the preparation of plurisubharmonic functions, how the theory to be generalized in a higher dimension is described. In Chap. 3 the Second Main Theorem for differentiably non-degenerate meromorphic maps by Griffiths and others is proved as a prototype of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory. Establishing such a Second Main Theorem for entire curves in general complex algebraic varieties is a wide-open problem. In Chap. 4, the Cartan-Nochka Second Main Theorem in the linear projective case and the Logarithmic Bloch-Ochiai Theorem in the case of general algebraic varieties are proved. Then the theory of entire curves in semi-abelian varieties, including the Second Main Theorem of Noguchi-Winkelmann-Yamanoi, is dealt with in full details in Chap.6. For that purpose Chap.5 is devoted to the notion of semi-abelian varieties. The result leads to a number of applications. With these results, the Kobayashi hyperbolicity problems are discussed in Chap.7. In the last two chapters Diophantine approximation theory is dealt with from the viewpoint of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory, and the Lang-Vojta conjecture is confirmed in some cases. In Chap.8 the theory over function fields is discussed. Finally, in Chap.9 the theorems of Roth, Schmidt, Faltings, and Vojta over number fields are presented and formulated in view of Nevanlinna theory with results motivated by those in Chaps. 4, 6, 7.
Engineering Mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and control engineers
Mathematical techniques : an introduction for the engineering, physical and mathematical sciences
Algebraic geometry over the complex numbers
The theory of functions of a complex variable
This book offers a rigorous and coherent introduction to the five basic number systems of mathematics, namely natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, real numbers, and complex numbers. It is a subject that many mathematicians believe should be learned by any student of mathematics including future teachers. The book starts with the development of Peano arithmetic in the first chapter which includes mathematical induction and elements of recursion theory. It proceeds to an examination of integers that also covers rings and ordered integral domains. The presentation of rational numbers includes material on ordered fields and convergence of sequences in these fields. Cauchy and Dedekind completeness properties of the field of real numbers are established, together with some properties of real continuous functions. An elementary proof of the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra is the highest point of the chapter on complex numbers. The great merit of the book lies in its extensive list of exercises following each chapter. These exercises are designed to assist the instructor and to enhance the learning experience of the students.
Visible and nonexistent trees of Mandelbrot sets
Essentials of trigonometry
Advanced engineering mathematics
Complex variables and their applications
Maths for chemists. Vol. 2, Power series, complex numbers and linar algebra
Real and complex analysis
Introduction to the geometry of complex numbers
Complex numbers from A to... Z
Understanding engineering mathematics
Number systems : an introduction to algebra and analysis
Nevanlinna theory in several complex variables and diophantine approximation
Dr. Euler's fabulous formula : cures many mathematical ills
Complex variables : introduction and applications
Professor Stewart's incredible numbers
