http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7853 diatoms
diatoms Bacillariophyta
Benthic diatom communities in Estonian rivers
Climate impacts on remote subarctic lakes in Finnish Lapland : limnological and palaeolimnological assessment with a particular focus on diatoms and Lake Saanajärvi
Eutrophication history of a small, pelotrophic lake, Rusutjärvi, Southern Finland
The genus Chaetoceros (Bacillariophyceae) in inner Danish coastal waters
Lake Eutrophication studies in Southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 1
Diatoms as indicators of holocene climate and environmental change in northern Sweden
Holocene diatomites in central Finland, with special reference to Aulacoseira (Melosira) species
Biogeography of silica-scaled chrysophytes in the Lake Ladoga region
Ecological status of some Finnish rivers evaluated using benthic diatom communities
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 4
The percentual distribution and frequency of occurrence of diatoms in bottom sediments in the Airisto and Paimionlahti regions in southwest Finland
Diatoms and biogenic silica in two 210Pb-dated sediment cores from Lake Ladoga
Pelagial ecosystem change in Lake Ladoga as indicated by surface sediment diatom assemblage surveys conducted in the period 1959-1994
Scanning and transmission electron microscopical evidence of the capacity of diatoms to penetrate the alveolo-capillary barrier in drowning
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 2
Lake eutrophication studies in southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
Species turnover of aquatic organisms in space and time : patterns in community composition and diversity
Palaeoclimate and palaeoceanography of the Skagerrak-Kattegat since the Late Weichselian based on diatom records
Synopsis of the naviculoid diatoms
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 5
Ecological state of the Kola River, Northwestern Russia : The Kola Water Quality -project
Use of benthic diatoms to evaluate the water quality of three city brooks of Helsinki (Mätäjoki, Mellunkylänpuro and Rekolanoja)
A guide to the morphology of the diatom frustule : with a key to the British freshwater genera
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 3
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
Water quality of the River Vantaanjoki (South Finland) described using diatom indices
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 8, Atlas
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Holocene lake-level changes in the Fennoscandian tree-line region, western Finnish Lapland: diatom and cladoceran evidence
Indicators of oligotrophy : 800 taxa representative of three ecologically distinct lake types: carbonate buffered, oligodystrophic, weakly buffered soft water = Oligotrophie-Indikatoren : 800 Taxa repräsentativ für drei diverse Seen-Typen: kalkreich, oligodystroph, schwach gepuffertes Weichwasser
Bottom sediments and diatoms as indicators of the present state of the Lake Ladoga ecosystem
Palaeolimnological investigations of three inland lakes in south-western Finland
Diatom assemblages from Sphagnum bogs of the world. 1, Nur bog in northern Mongolia
Tabularia waernii (Diatomophyceae) in the northern Baltic Sea
Intercalibration and distribution of diatom species in the Baltic Sea. Volume 2
Recent eutrophication of coastal waters in southern Finland : a palaeolimnological assessment
Intercalibration and distribution of diatom species in the Baltic Sea. Volume 4
As human activities are increasingly affecting natural communities, many communities are impacted by multiple stressors and their interactions. Understanding how natural and anthropogenic stressors act individually and in concert is essential for managing and conserving natural ecosystems efficiently. In this thesis I studied how geology-related natural acidity, land drainage and their interaction affect biological communities and leaf decomposition in boreal headwater streams. I further assessed the concordance of communities along natural and anthropogenic stressor gradients. As model organisms, I used benthic diatoms, bryophytes, invertebrates and leaf-decomposing fungi.I showed that geology-related natural acidity constitutes a strong environmental filter for stream communities, reducing species richness and changing community composition. Community concordance was also generally strongest along the natural acidity gradient. However, natural acidity mostly did not homogenize communities nor did it affect leaf decomposition by fungi. Effects of peatland drainage differed between the two stream types, being mainly sedimentation in the circumneutral streams and increasing metal concentrations in the acid streams. Overall, changes in community composition were better able than pure species richness to track single stressor impacts. Furthermore, fungal assemblages were more homogeneous and decomposition rates slower in drained acidic sites than in any other stream type. Thus the drainage-induced shift in water chemistry in the acidic streams seems to constitute an even stronger environmental filter than sedimentation. Conservation planning needs to give special attention to these vulnerable, naturally stressful ecosystems.
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 7
Fish out of place : evaluating the impact of fish introductions on freshwater ecosystems
On the ecology of cold-water phytoplankton in the Baltic Sea
Alinlampi, a Late-Glacial site in the northern Karelian Republic
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams : disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Süsswasserflora von Mitteleuropa. Vol. 2, P. 5, Bacillariophyceae : English and French translation of the keys
Effects of mechanical mixing on lake water quality, with special emphasis on under-ice phytoplankton
Benthic diatom communities in small acid lakes
Early Holocene shore displacement in eastern Svealand, Sweden, based on diatom stratigraphy, radiocarbon chronology and geochemical parameters
Records of some algal species : Nordic Phytoplankton Workshop 7.-10.6.1994
Holocene diatom flora in Lake Paanajärvi and its present state
Intercalibration and distribution of diatom species in the Baltic Sea. Volume 3
Recent diatom assemblage changes in subarctic Lake Saanajärvi, NW Finnish Lapland, and their paleoenvironmental implications
Atlas of the inland-water diatom flora of Israel
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 6
Intercalibration and distribution of diatom species in the Baltic Sea. Volume 5
Progress in diatom studies : contributions to taxonomy, ecology and nomenclature
Responses of epilithic diatom communities to environmental gradients in some Finnish rivers
Diatoms of Europe : diatoms of the European inland waters and comparable habitats. Volume 1, The genus Pinnularia
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
A review of the genus Aulacodiscus. Fascicule 9
XIX Nordic Diatomists' Meeting 2009 : program and abstracts : Övik, Porvoo, 27.-30.4.2009
Temporal and spatial turnover of freshwater diatoms : implications for bioassessment
Benthic diatom community structure in boreal streams : distribution patterns along environmental and spatial gradients
Regular high contribution of Gonyostomum semen to phytoplankton biomass in a small humic lake
Assessment of diatoms as markers of environmental change in northern Fennoscandia
Metacommunity structuring in stream systems:disentangling
the roles of regional and local processes
Metacommunity structuring in stream systems : disentangling the roles of regional and local processes
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Observations of sedimentation of diatoms in some Finnish rivers
Assessing past ecological changes in lake Isojärvi and its suitability as a Finnish lake reference site using sedimentary diatoms
Intercalibration and distribution of diatom species in the Baltic Sea. Volume 1
Heterogeneity of benthic diatom communities in different spatial scales and current velocities in a turbid river
Nordic Meeting of Diatomists 2001 : abstracts : Seili, 1.-4.6.2001
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
Observations on the recent diatom flora of lakes, rivers and the Baltic Sea, Southern Finland
Biodiversity of diatoms and macroinvertebrates in an east European lowland river, the Tudovka River (Tver Region, Russia)
The diatom world
Okrzemki z osadów jako wskaźniki odnowy jezior zakwaszonych = Sediment diatoms as indicators of acidifield lake recovery
Atlas of fossil diatoms from Japanese diatomite deposits
Past, present and future : assessing changes in aquatic environments using subfossil diatoms
Diatom stratigraphy and the palaeoenvironment of the Yoldia Sea in the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Climate impacts on remote subarctic lakes in Finnish Lapland : limnological and paleolimnological assessment with a particular focus on diatoms and Lake Saanajärvi
Fast- and drift-ice communities in the Bothnian Bay and the impact of UVA radiation on the Baltic Sea ice ecology
The diatom flora and the hydrogen-ion concentration of the water
Abstracts : 10th International Symposium on Living and Fossil Diatoms, Huhmari 1988
The diatoms : applications for the environmental earth sciences
The diatoms : biology & morphology of the genera
Huhmari 85 : proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet Symposium on Methods in Paleoecology and the Nordic Meeting of Diatomologists
Marine phytoplankton : selected microphytoplankton species from the North Sea around Helgoland and Sylt
Sedimentary diatoms in inferring trophic status and limnological changes in boreal lakes
Holocene aquatic ecosystem change in the boreal vegetation zone of northern Finland
Silicon and its impacts on phosphorus in eutrophic freshwater lakes
Cladoceran and diatom evidence of lake-level fluctuations from a Finnish lake and the effect of aquatic moss layers on microfossil assemblages
Biostratigraphy of the Mikulino interglacial sediments in NW Russia : the Petrozavodsk site and a literature review
