http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7852 forest properties
forest properties
Forest decline in the Atlantic and Pacific region
Symposium: Forests in a changing environment - results of 20 years ICP forests monitoring : Göttingen, 25.-28.10.2006
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
On the hidden significance of differing micro-sites on tree-ring based climate reconstructions
Forests, trees and people
Outline of accounting for non-industrial private woodlots
Divisions and recent development of number of non-industrial private forest holdings in Finland
Farm forestry : a study of aspects of farm forestry in New Zealand, Denmark, Sweden, Finland and California
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2000 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Geographical aspects of forest returns on Finnish farms
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Statistical yearbook of forestry
Tree farms : harvest for the future
Regional forestry target programme for Häme-Uusimaa Forestry Centre : part I Forests and forest ecosystems : part II Forestry goals
Effect of forest management on biodiversity in boreal forests : a model approach
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Forest planning with consideration to spatial relationships
Pulp and paper problem in Colombia
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Fire and forest : the International Forest Fire Symposium in Kajaani 13.-14.11.2007
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Ecology of an African rain forest : logging in Kibale and the conflict between conservation and exploitation
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 1998 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
White beech : the rainforest years
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 1999
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2001
The spectral signature of coniferous forests : the role of stand structure and leaf area index
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farm woodland practice
Defoliation (crown thinning) is widely used as a rapid method of tree condition assessment. As a method that is based on subjective visual observation it might be influenced by statistically significant observer bias. Significant observer bias has been discovere in some countries. We analyzed the significance of observer bias occurring in the Finland's forest condition monitoring system. We analysed the data of three training courses held to the field personnel (2006, 2007, 2008). Our results indicate that some inconsistencies occur between observers, but these are still not systematic in nature. In conclusion, the detected observer biases are independent incidents, caused mainly by the observer perception during the single events. Therefore there is no need to make any systematic corrections for Finnish national visual tree defoliation assessments. We suggest that the best way to improve field assessments is the proper education and guidance of field personnel.
The importance of forested mire margin plant communities for the diversity of managed boreal forests in Finland
Incentives for fuelwood growing by tobacco farmers in Tanzania
Developing laser scanning applications for mapping and monitoring single tree characteristics for the needs of urban forestry
Plantation forestry in the tropics : the role, silviculture, and use of planted forests for industrial, social, environmental, and agroforestry purposes
The International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) accounting system as applied to forestry
Multipurpose tree species for small-farm use : proceedings of an international workshop held November 2-5, 1987 in Pattaya, Thailand
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 1998
On the edge : the state and fate of the world's tropical rainforests : a report to the Club of Rome
Fire and forest : internationellt skogsbrandssymposium i Kajana 13.-14.11.2007.
Tree-ring chronologies are commonly extended back in time by combining samples from living trees with relict material preserved in man-made structures or natural archives (e.g. lakes). Although spatially close, these natural archives and living-tree-sites often comprise different micro-climates. Inhomogeneous growth conditions among these habitats, which may yield offsets in growth-rates, require caution in data processing. Here we assess species-specific growth dynamics in two micro-habitats and their potential effects on long chronologies by combining tree-ring data from different living-tree-sites with an “artificial” subfossil dataset. Well replicated (n > 80) Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) chronologies from northern Fennoscandia, sampled directly at the lakeshore (wet) and several meters beyond the lakeshore (dry) reveal high coherence of the variance between micro-sites (rspruce = 0.59, rpine = 0.68). Significant differences of the Regional Curves (RC) indicate faster growth of both species at the drier site though. Growth differences are more pronounced between the spruce micro-sites. The combination of recent dry and wet spruce data with artificial relict data results in two long chronologies covering the last 800 years with substantially different trends, although they consist of the same relict material and the micro-site chronologies correlate significantly over the past two centuries. The combination of spruce samples from dry inland micro-sites with subfossil samples originating from the wet lake shore can result in an underestimation of past temperatures prior to the 19th century. Such effects, hidden in the composition of long chronologies (living trees + subfossil samples) can bias long-term trends in climate reconstructions..
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The contribution of forestry to rural employment
Fill-in seedlings in constituting the stocking of Scots pine stands in northern Finland
Forest condition in a changing environment : the Finnish case
Agenda 21 : programme of action for sustainable development
Households and living conditions in the forest village of Matrosy, Russian Karelia = Domašnie hozâjstva i usloviâ žizni poselka lesozagotovitelej Matrosy Russkoj Karelii
Understanding global issues : the facts behind the news. 1999, 8 : The disappearing forests
Integrated environmental information systems in support of decision-making on the oblast level in Russia : seminar I, January 24-25, 1995 ; Development of the unified state environmental monitoring system in the Russian Federation : seminar II, January 26, 1995.
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
Growing Prunus avium L. within an agroforestry system (AFS) may result in sun damage to cambial tissues on sun-exposed bole faces. There are two periods of risk of damage caused by insolation to exposed tree boles, the summer, when cambial temperatures become too high, or during winter, when the frozen dormant cambium tissue thaws and then rapidly re-freezes, a phenomenon commonly referred to as sunscald or southwest disease. Damage on the south western bole face was observed on a number of P. avium within an AFS. Five trees were sampled to assess the period in time that damage occurred. To retrospectively investigate such damage, bark surface temperature data were collected over a two year period for a further five P. avium and analysed. It was shown that bark surface temperature on the south western bole face reached nearly 50 °C during summer and experienced a maximum range of 38 °C within a 24 hour period in spring. A specially formulated white paint was applied to two trees, thus, testing a method to reduce the risk of sun damage. Two models were constructed to predict maximum and minimum daily bark surface temperature using maximum, minimum and mean daily air temperature, daily sum of sunshine hours, cloud cover, wind speed, relative humidity, maximum solar elevation and height on the tree bole as predictor variables. The damage occurred during winter 2009/2010. The models were used to identify maximum and minimum bark surface temperatures during that winter enabling the identification of possible damage events..
Sampling schemes for monitoring the socio-economics of farm forestry : MOSEFA Concerted Action Project (FAIR-CT96-1414) : proceedings of the MOSEFA Workshop B Trento, Italy 19-22 April 1998
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Prospects of international statistics on farm forestry : MOSEFA Concerted Action Project (FAIR-CT96-1414) : proceedings of the international workshop held in Freiburg, Germany 23-26 September 1998 and the MOSEFA Final Seminar held in Iisalmi, Finland 9-13 June 1999
MENDELNet 2004 : contemporary state and development trends of forests in cultural landscape, November 1-3, 2004, Brno : proceedings of international postgraduate students' conference
Effect of soil preparation of boreal spruce forest on air and soil temperature conditions in forest regeneration areas
Global Forest Resources Assessment 2005 : progress towards sustainable forest management
Accuracy of visual tree defoliation assessment : a case study in Finland
Bark surface temperature measurements on the boles of wild cherry (Prunus avium) grown within an agroforestry system
Study of the heat balance of the forest
Impacts of global change on tree physiology and forest ecosystems : proceedings of the International Conference on Impacts of Global Change on Tree Physiology and Forest Ecosystems, held 26-29 November 1996, Wageningen, The Netherlands
Diversity and distribution pattern of bryophytes and vascular plants in a boreal spruce forest
Modelling the growth of tree plantations and agroforestry systems in South and East Africa : proceedings of the meeting in Finland, 24-28 1998
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Humus temperatures and snow cover conditions under upland black spruce in Northern Quebec
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Emulating natural forest landscape disturbances : concepts and applications
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
The effect of clear cutting upon the nutrient status of a spruce forest in Northern Finland (64 28'N)
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 231 (1982), Farming
Farm forestry in Finland
Development of growing stock on farm woodlots of different sizes
Forests in global warming
Summary.
National report on temperate and boreal sustainable forest management criteria and indicators (Monreal process)
The influences of buyer and seller characteristics on forest land value
Mosses, epiphytic lichens and tree bark as biomonitors for air pollutants : specifically for heavy metals in regional surveys
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2002-2005
Effect of clearcutting of boreal spruce forest on air and soil temperature conditions
Fire and forest : kansainvälinen metsäpalosymposio Kajaanissa 13.-14.11.2007.
Studies on social forestry in India : management perspectives
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Scots pine and its ectomycorrhizal symbionts under chronic low-level urban pollution : responses and restoration
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Finnish statistical yearbook of forestry
Effects of erroneous data for planning and management of small forest holdings in Norway
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
An integrated planning model for a farm with an adjoining woodlot
Socio-economic changes in the settlement of Matrosy = Social'no-èkonomičeskie izmeneniâ poselka Matrosy
Economic planning in farm forestry : a study of the fundamentals, their application and consequences with respect to the individual enterprise and society
Restructuring of forestry and forest villages in eastern Finland
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2000
Ecological restoration of forests in Fennoscandia : defining reference stand structures and immediate effects of restoration
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
