http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7866 hypnotherapy
hypnotherapy
Six therapists and one client
This comprehensive volume is certain to become an invaluable textbook in the burgeoning field of clinical hypnosis. Dr. Yager has put together an impressive table of contents covering much of everything there is to know about how to translate theory into practice across the range of clinical settings. His clear and thoughtful perspective will inform those who are new to the field and expand the understanding of those who have more experience. The level of depth and detail is unparalleled, providing readers with a full education on the topic. Divided into five parts, the book begins with a discussion of what hypnosis is (and isn t) and introduces the concept, the language, the phenomena, the tools, and hypermnesia. In part two, the discussion turns to clinical considerations, addressing approaches to using hypnosis, the roles it can play in psychotherapy, and some potential dangers and risks that may arise with its use. Part three looks at specific procedures, delineating the principles of trance induction, highlighting the particulars of hypnosis and sleep, and focusing on Dr. Yager s pioneering discoveries regarding subliminal therapy. Part four is devoted to Applications of Hypnosis - from test taking to ocular correction providing a wide view of the power and possibility of hypnosis as one of the most efficacious treatment options available for an extraordinary range of challenges. The final section consists of a variety of additional relevant topics. The book closes with a useful glossary of terms and extensive reference list, plus a bibliography for further investigation into various unique applications. Read from cover to cover or in small doses, Foundations of Clinical Practice is a must-have resource whether you are just beginning to consider incorporating hypnosis into your clinical work or you are anxious to expand the parameters of your effectiveness and creativity in the field.
Hypnotherapy for dummies
Hypnotherapy : a handbook
Hypnosis & suggestion in psychotherapy : a treatise on the nature and uses of hypnotism
Healing in hypnosis
Dissociation and heterogeneity in high hypnotic suggestibility
Hypnobirthing is a method of birth preparation using a series of simple but effective techniques that can facilitate a calm and natural birth. Far from being a modern fad, it is logical, rational and there is a strong evidence base for its use. Many women approach labour with fear because of the negativity surrounding birth and the assumption that it must involve excruciating pain for the mother. Fear has a physiological effect, making contractions less effective and derailing normal labour. Hypnobirthing teaches the mother to relax and believe that her body is perfectly designed to give birth; when the mother is relaxed her body can release natural painkillers that are far more effective than pharmaceutical drugs. Women using hypnobirthing report needing little or no pain relief during labour and their babies are born calm and alert. Mothers need less medical intervention, and if they do they report feeling much more able to deal with it. Calm and confident parents are empowered to make informed decisions about their care, which can contribute enormously to a positive birth experience. In Why Hypnobirthing Matters Katrina Berry looks at the origins and rationale for using hypnosis for childbirth, explains what you can expect from hypnobirthing and dispels common misunderstandings in a lively, informative way.
Stop smoking now  : without gaining weight
Hypnobirthing : the Mongan Method : the breakthrough approach to safer, easier, comfortable birthing
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF COMPLEMENTARY MEDICINE
Theories of hypnosis : current models and perspectives
The practice of hypnotism
Why hypnobirthing matters
The February man : evolving consciousness and identity in hypnotherapy
Many lives, many masters : the true story of a prominent psychiatrist, his young patient and the past-life therapy that changed both of their lives
Ego states : theory and therapy
Stop smoking now : without gaining weight
Hypnotherapeutic techniques 2E
Practising safe hypnosis : a risk management guide
Hypnotherapy for a better life
My voice will go with you : the teaching tales of Milton H. Erickson
The psychobiology of mind-body healing : new concepts of therapeutic hypnosis
Handbook of cognitive hypnotherapy for depression : an evidence-based approach
Foundations of clinical hypnosis : from theory to practice
Ego state theory links normal personality functioning with its extremes, such as found in dissociative identity disorder. The therapy integrates psychoanalytic practice and hypnoanalytic techniques to discover and explore covert ego states, thereby effecting behavior change. With clear language and case extracts, the recognized originators of ego state therapy explain this fascinating theory and how to put it into practice.
This unique book comprehensively explores the damage that can be caused by the misapplication of hypnotic techniques in therapy, laboratory, and stage performance settings. The laws of assault and negligence are used to assess the hypnotist's criminal and personal injury liability in the English, American and Australian courts. Important reading for all hypnotherapists, hypnotists and members of the legal and medical professions, "Practising Safe Hypnosis" brings together a wide range of recent research and legal case histories. Topics include: - Civil and criminal assault - Induction - Informed consent - Hypnotic coercion - Pre-existing conditions - Termination. In addition, the reader will find commentary on the history of hypnosis; induction scripts for use in conjunction with best practice; theoretical comparisons and discussion on the nature of hypnosis including the controversial debate surrounding hypnosis as an altered state of consciousness.
