http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7860 orthodox church music
orthodox church music
Lamentations and praises
Cahiers de l'Institut du Moyen-Âge Grec et Latin. 31 A, A neglected version of the anecdote about Pythagoras's hammer experiments, Musical notation and quasi notation in Syro-Melkite liturgical manuscripts (examples: pp. 53-77), Byzantine chant in popular tradition (examples: pp. 78-81)
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part I
Unity and variety in Orthodox music : theory and practice : proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Orthodox Church Music, University of Eastern Finland, Joensuu, Finland, 6-12 June 2011
Holy week. Volume 1
Taste the fountain of immortality : Ancient Russian, Bizantine & Georgian chants = Istočnika bessmertnogo vkusite : drevnerusskie, vizantijskie i gruzinskie pesnopeniâ na anglijskom âzyke
The song of fire and clay : perspectives of understanding Orthodox church singing
Sacred treasures : Choral masterworks from Russia and beyond. Vol. 3.
Russian galvary : triptych of spiritual songs = Russkaâ golgofa : triptih duhovnyh pesnopenij. Pt. 2, Devoted to the memory of the regal martyrs = Carstvennym Mučenikam
Chants of the byzantine rite : the Italo-Albanian tradition in sicily = Canti Ecclesiastici Della Tradizione Italo-Albanese in Sicilia
The Byzantine amomos chant of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Hymns from the All-Night Vigil
Byzantine music and hymnography
Akathist of thanksgiving : 'glory to God for everything'
The Liturgy of St John Chrysostom, Op. 32
The Music of the Byzantine Church
Vigil : selections from the All-Night Vigil of the Orthodox Christian Church
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Tikhvin Monastery
Monuments of Russian sacred music
Dostojno est' No 3 iz cikla "Neizrečennoe čudo" = : Dostoyno yest No 3 = It is truly fitting No 3 from the cycle inexpressible wonder
The divine liturgy of the orthodox church : St. Vladimir's liturgical chorale
Prayer to the Holy Trinity
O tebe raduetsâ Op. 15, No 11 = O T ̃ebe ráduyets̃ȋa Op. 15 No 11 = All of creation Rejoices Op. 15, No 11
Cahiers de l'Institut du Moyen-Âge Grec et Latin. 31 B, Musical notation and quasi notation in Syro-Melkite liturgical manuscripts; examples, Byzantine chant in popular tradition; examples
Orthodox shrines of the Russian North : anthology = Pravoslavnye svâtyni russkogo severa : antologiâ. Pt. 1, The Solovki Monastery = Soloveckij monastyr'
One thousand years of Russian church music : 988-1988 = Tysâča let russkoj cerkovnoj muzyki : 988-1988
Divine harmony : the music and icons of early Russia
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part II
Russian Orthodox music
Neizrečennoe čudo No 6 iz cikla "Neizrečennoe čudo"= : Neizrechennoye chudo No 6 = Inexpressible wonder No 6 from the cycle inexpressible wonder
Orthodox shrines of the Russian North : anthology = Pravoslavnye svâtyni russkogo severa : antologiâ. Pt. 2, The Tikhvin Monastery = Tihvinskij monastyr'
History of Russian church music, 988-1917
Akathist of thanksgiving
Orthodox vigil service
Russian Orthodox church music. Vol. 12, The Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom
Panikhida : Orthodox office for the dead
Passion and Resurrection
Liturgija Sv. Ioanna Zlatousta No 11 Milost Mira Opus 31 = Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom No 11 A Mercy of peace
Holy week. Volume 2, The services of Holy Friday
Russian Orthodox church music. Hymns and chants from the Liturgy of St John Chrysostom
Songs of praise : orthodox liturgical singing and its role in Finland
So svâtymi upokoj = No 6 из цикла " Вечная память героям" = With the saints give rest
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Russian choral masterpieces
Chant : chant traditions of the Orthodox Christian Church
All shall be well
O, Heavenly King
Slava... Edinorodnyj Syne Op. 5 No 5 = Sláva... Үedinoródnïy Sïňe Op. 5 No 5 = Glory... Only begotten Son Op. 5 No 5
Studies in Eastern chant. Volume 5
The Liturgy of the Presanctified Gifts and other Lenten hymns
Russian Orthodox church music. Selected hymns & chants from the All-Night Vigil
Passion and resurrection
Irmos kanona Sv. Dimitriû : znamennyj rospev, XII v. = Irmos kanóna Sv. Dimítriyu = Heirmos of the kanon for St. Demetrius : znamenny chant, 12th c.
Strannoe Roždestvo videvše No 7 iz cikla "Strannoe Roždestvo videvše" = Strannoye Rozdestvo videvshe No 7 = A wondrous birth No 7 from the cycle a wondrous birth
Journal of the International Society for Orthodox Church Music
Composing and chanting in the Orthodox Church : proceedings of the Second International Conference on Orthodox Church Music, University of Joensuu, Finland, 4-10 June 2007
The eucharistic liturgy : liturgical music
Strastnaâ sedmica : opus 13 = Passion week : opus 13
The lament of the Mother of God
Roždestvenskaâ pesn' No 4 iz cikla "Neizrečennoe čudo"= : Rozhdestvenskaya pesn No 4 = Christmas troparion No 4 from the cycle inexpressible wonder
Hvalite imâ Gospodne No 5 iz « Vsenoŝnoj» Op. 26 = Н̱val̃íťe ím̃iȃ Ghospódné = Praise the name of the Lord N0 5 from All-Night Vigil, Op. 26
As one who has slept
The music of byzanthine church
