http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7872 bulls
bulls
Animal performance and carcass characteristics of growing Hereford bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions in Northern Finland
Advances in international genetic evaluation procedures of dairy cattle
Reproduction in cattle
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Quality of supplementary feed protein for growing cattle
Studies on the DNA content nuclear protein and dry mass of bull spermatids and spermatozoal heads with aspects on fertility
Semen quality and fertility after artificial insemination in dairy cattle and pigs
Impaired semen quality of AI bulls fed with moldy hay : a case report
Impaired spermatogenesis in Finnish boars and bulls
The influence of castration and compensatory growth rate on metabolic and contractile muscle characteristics of growing bovine
Fertility studies in Finnish dairy artificial insemination bulls
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Rapeseed oil in ruminants diet : its effect on rumen metabolism and animal performance
Effects of replacing different proportions of barley grain by barley fibre on performance of dairy bulls
Multinuclear-multiflagellar sperm defect in a bull : a new sterilizing sperm defect
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
Prolactin in Finnish dairy cattle 3 : Variation, repeatability and heritability of prolactin levels in the blood of artificial insemination (A. I.) bulls and correlation with individual and progeny performance
Comparison of diets based on grass silage, hay or oat straw supplemented with four levels of concentrates in the feeding of growing Ayrshire bulls
Genetic studies on male fertility in A. I. bulls
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
Need for protein supplementation in the diet of growing dairy bulls fed total mixed ration based on moderate digestible grass silage and barley
Prolactin in Finnish dairy cattle 4 : Correlations between prolactin, selected enzymes, minerals, trace elements and some other blood parameters in artificial insemination (A. I.) bulls
Prospects for selecting A.I. bulls for fertility
The effect of free or restricted acidified milk feeding of Finnish Ayrshire bull calves on the subsequent fattening and slaughter performance
The use of in vitro fertilization and sperm assay to evaluate field fertility of bulls
Relationship between bull dam herd characteristics and bias in estimated value of bull
Studies on the composition of epididymal content in bulls and boars
