http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7875 bovine animals
bovine animals
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Bovine medicine : diseases and husbandry of cattle
The determinants for the native activities of the bovine papillomavirus type 1 E2 protein are separable
Trypanotolerant cattle and livestock development in West and Central Africa. Vol.1, The international supply and demand for breeding stock
Grazing and grass finishing systems in 1986.
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Draught cattle : their osteological identification and history
Effect of protein supply on the performance of intensively reared bulls : evaluation of the DCP and the Nordic AAT-PBV protein evaluation systems
Conservation and management of yak genetic diversity : proceedings of a workshop, October 29-31, 1996, Kathmandu, Nepal
Animal welfare and economics in beef production
Energy and protein requirements of ruminants
Ayrshire world conference : Lahti, August 2-9, 1972
Laminitis-related lesions and lameness detection in dairy cattle in Finland
Trypanotolerant cattle and livestock development in West and Central Africa. Vol. 2, Trypanotolerant cattle in the national livestock economies
Beef : the untold story of how milk, meat, and muscle shaped the world
Metabolic modifiers : effects on the nutrient requirements of food-producing animals
Coefficients of relationship and inbreeding among Finnish Ayrshire and Holstein-Friesian
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy
Cattle housing systems, lameness and behaviour : proceedings of a seminar on the influence of the design of housing systems for cattle on lameness and on behaviour, held in Brussels on June 3-4 1986 at the Commission of the European Communities
A keen eye : fact and folklore on Scottish Highland cattle
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Saunders veterinary anatomy coloring book
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
Poisoning of livestock by plants
Bovine leukemia virus : molecular studies on the packaging region and DNA diagnostics in cattle
Reproduction in cattle
Bovine anatomy
Fates of blood : studies on stem cell differentiation potential and B lymphocyte generation in chimeric cattle
Effect of glycine and alanine supplementation on development of cattle embryo cultured in CR1aa medium with or without cumulus cells
Marker genes and production traits in domestic animals : an association study with special reference to major histocompatibility complex genes
Characterization of nicotine-induced relaxation of the bovine retractor penis muscle
The book of buckskinning
Factors affecting the tone of the bovine retractor penis muscle with special reference to endothelins
Research in cattle production : Danish status and perspectives : contribution in honour of A. Neimann-Sørensen, 1. May 1987.
Mastitis control in dairy herds : an illustrated and practical guide
Herd health : a textbook of health and production management of agricultural animals
Group management of young dairy cattle in relation to animal behaviour and welfare
Color atlas of diseases and disorders of cattle
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci : host response and bacterial factors
Genetic improvement of cattle and sheep
Estimation of genetic change in artificially bred populations of finnish dairy cattle : I. Genetic change in populations of Ayrshire breed in 1961-1966
Calving performance, production and reproduction in early lactation : studies on variation and interrelationships in Swedish dairy breeds under experimental conditions
Towards sustainable CBPP control programmes for Africa : FAO-OIE-AU/IBAR-IAEA Consultative Group on Contagious Bovine Pleuropneumonia Third meeting, Rome, 12-14 November 2003.
World animal science. B 7, Cattle genetic resources
Performance and behaviour of the cow and calf in restricted suckling and artificial rearing systems
The behaviour of cattle
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 2
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Factors affecting calf crop
Insect Protein Production - Possibilities in Finland
Lactoferrin in bovine intramammary infection
Cattle behaviour
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Dairy farmer
Foraging behaviour in cattle : suckling, begging and grazing in tropical and European cattle
Introductory animal science
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Bovine keratoconjunctivitis : an aetiological field study in Arusha, Tanzania : a minor field study
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
A colour atlas of diseases and disorders of cattle
Calving performance, production and reproduction in early lactation : studies on variation and interrelationships in Swedish dairy breeds under experimental conditions : by Britt Berglund
Bovine medicine and surgery. Vol. 2
Mendelian inheritance in cattle 2000
Proceedings of the ... annual convention of the American Association of Bovine Practitioners
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
Proceedings of the FAO expert consultation on the genetic aspects of trypanotolerance held in Rome, Italy, 3-4 September 1991.
Studies in epidemiology of bovine tick-borne fever in Finland and a clinical description of field cases
Fertility studies in Finnish dairy artificial insemination bulls
2nd TAD veterinary symposium, Cattle & pig diseases, May 21-27, 1984. 2, Cattle diseases
Abnormal morphology of bovine spermatozoa
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Disease of cattle : a manual of diagnosis
Principles of cattle production
Milk - the new cash crop? : a survey of small dairy farms in Rungwe district, Tanzania, 1986 : a report from two minor field studies
Ecological animal husbandry in the Nordic countries : proceedings from NJF-seminar no. 303 Horsens, Denmark 16-17 September 1999
Healthy cattle : naturally
The treatment of cattle by homoeopathy
A mouse model for improving cell survival of bisected cattle embryos
In vitro production of cattle blastocysts in chemically defined medium with or without insulin supplementation
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Symposium on mastitis 21. -23. April 1982 at NOVO INDUSTRI A/S
Training manual for embryo transfer in cattle
The new herdsman's book
The Husbandry and health of the domestic buffalo
Bovine medicine and surgery. Vol. 1
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Tropical cattle : origins, breeds, and breeding policies
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
Diseases of feedlot cattle
The most widely distributed form of work for cattle since the beginning of their domestication has been as draught animals for the palough and cart. This is known from archaeological, iconographic and written sources which, however, are limited in number and generally only inform us about younger periods. Skeletal remains found during archaeological excavations may yield additional data for the study of cattle as draught animals in former times. In this volume we will review the osteological evidence previously reported in the literature and describe the morphological and osteometric traits observed in a series of foot skeletons of modern draught cattle, collected in Rumania. A case study is presented in which the results obtained from the recent material are applied to a sample of cattle bones from a Roman site in Belgium. An attempt is made to define histological criteria for the recognition of draught cattle. The osteometry of the Rumanian material and a large sample of Hungarian grey cattle is studied. Moreover, the broader culture-historical and economic implications of using cattle in draught work is reviewed.
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy in Great Britain : a progress report, December 1998
Proceedings of the Regional Workshop on Conservation and Management of Yak Genetic Diversity held in Kathmandu, Nepal from October 29-31, 1996 financially supported by the Conservation and Use of Animal Genetic Resources in Asia and the Pacific Programme of the FAO Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific, Bangkok, Thailand.
Survival of food crops and livestock in the event of nuclear war : proceedings of a symposium held at Brookhaven National Laboratory Upton, Long Island, New York, September 15-18, 1970
Bovine streptothricosis in SEAD-zone, Etiophia : a minor field study
E2 as the modulator of the BPV1 DNA replication
Animal health control in Finland
Cattle and buffalo meat production in the tropics
