http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7874 cattle
cattle
Udder health and communication : proceedings of the international conference 25-27 October 2011, Utrecht, the Netherlands
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Proceedings of the XXVIII World Buiatrics Congress, Cairns 2014 : keynote lectures
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Disease of cattle : a manual of diagnosis
Cattle lameness and hoofcare : an illustrated guide
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Performance and behaviour of the cow and calf in restricted suckling and artificial rearing systems
The treatment of cattle by homoeopathy
Cattle housing systems, lameness and behaviour : proceedings of a seminar on the influence of the design of housing systems for cattle on lameness and on behaviour, held in Brussels on June 3-4 1986 at the Commission of the European Communities
Symposium on mastitis 21. -23. April 1982 at NOVO INDUSTRI A/S
Prospects for selecting A.I. bulls for fertility
Superovulation of cattle : oocyte maturation, embryo quality and donor evaluation
Cattle : a handbook to the breeds of the world
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
Breed differences in forage intake as related to production increases in Swedish Red, Swedish Friesian, and Swedish Jersey cattle at Kungsängen experimental station (Hfä)
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Handbook of laboratory animal management and welfare
Nutritional muscular dystrophy in cattle with special reference to the functional state of the thyroid
Cows : a portrait of the animal world
Caring for transition cows
Beef cattle production
Optimizing breeding decisions for Finnish dairy herds
Predicting feed intake of food-producing animals
Microbial ecology in growing animals
Towards sustainable CBPP control programmes for Africa : FAO-OIE-AU/IBAR-IAEA Consultative Group on Contagious Bovine Pleuropneumonia Third meeting, Rome, 12-14 November 2003.
Herpesvirus diseases of cattle, horses and pigs
Calculation of sensible heat and moisture loss from housed cattle using a heat balance model
Bovine keratoconjunctivitis : an aetiological field study in Arusha, Tanzania : a minor field study
Repeatable use of Holstein-Frisian heifers as embryo donors in a commercial embryo recovery program
Symposium on Artificial Insemination in Cattle and Swine : Helsinki from 10th to 14th September 1973 = Symposium über die künstliche Besamung von Rindvieh und Schweinen : Helsinki, 10.-14. September 1973.
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
The influence of castration and compensatory growth rate on metabolic and contractile muscle characteristics of growing bovine
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy in Great Britain : a progress report, December 1998
Nutrient requirements of dairy cattle
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci : host response and bacterial factors
Opportunities and challenges for smallholder ruminant systems in Latin America : resource management, food safety, quality and market access
Molecular characterization infections in cattle
A simple culture system for time-lapse video recording of bovine embryos
Cattle Handling in Meat Plants
Reproduction in cattle
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
ITIH4 (inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor heavy chain 4) is a new acute-phase protein isolated from cattle during experimental infection
A mouse model for improving cell survival of bisected cattle embryos
Survival of food crops and livestock in the event of nuclear war : proceedings of a symposium held at Brookhaven National Laboratory Upton, Long Island, New York, September 15-18, 1970
Directory of feeds and feed ingredients
Bloat in cattle
Proceedings of the ... annual convention of the American Association of Bovine Practitioners
Fertility as a breeding problem in artificially bred population of dairy cattle I : Registration and heritability of female fertility
Breeding, production recording, health and the evaluation of farm animals : proceedings of the 35th biennial session of ICAR, Kuopio, Finland june 6-10, 2006
Animal breeding : an introduction
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Model code of practice for the welfare of animals : cattle
A keen eye : fact and folklore on Scottish Highland cattle
Barnyard in your backyard : a beginner's guide to raising chickens, ducks, geese, rabbits, goats, sheep, and cattle
Total mix rations and  supercows
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Ultrasonic imaging and animal reproduction. Book 3, Cattle
Evaluation of the spot urine sampling technique to assess urinary pseudouridine excretion in lactating dairy cows
Studies on the composition of epididymal content in bulls and boars
Cow
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Cattle and sheep medicine
Production of calves following nonsurgical transfer of fresh and refrigerated bovine demi-embryos
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
The effect of GnRH dose on appearance of short oestrous cycles and LH response in dairy heifers
Manual of foot care in cattle
Dairy cattle feeding and nutrition
The new herdsman's book
The cattle health handbook : preventive care, disease treatments & emergency procedures for promoting the well-being of your beef or dairy herd
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Bovine streptothricosis in SEAD-zone, Etiophia : a minor field study
Beef cattle feeding and nutrition
The effect of free or restricted acidified milk feeding of Finnish Ayrshire bull calves on the subsequent fattening and slaughter performance
Feeds and feeding
World cattle. 1
Estimation of genetic parameters for test-day milk production at different stages of lactation of Finnish Ayrshire heifers
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Diseases of feedlot cattle
Livestock feeds and feeding
Detection of bovine foetal DNA from amniotic fluid using the polymerase chain reaction
Suckled calf production
The international Friesian strain comparison trial : a world perspective
Embryo transfer in dairy cattle
2nd TAD veterinary symposium, Cattle & pig diseases, May 21-27, 1984. 2, Cattle diseases
A colour atlas of diseases and disorders of cattle
Getting started with beef & dairy cattle
Proceedings of the XVI International Silage Conference : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 2-4 July 2012
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
How to raise cattle : everything you need to know
Causes of bovine abortion, stillbirth and neonatal death in Finland 1999-2006
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Nordic Red (NR), Holstein-Friesian (Hol), Eastern Finncattle (EF), Northern Finncattle (NF) and Western Finncattle (WF) bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 164 862 NR, 87 323 Hol, 283 EF, 523 NF and 1 728 WF bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected including observations of 16 036 NR, 8 806 Hol, 18 EF, 126 NF, and 133 WF bulls. NR and Hol had the highest carcass gain (532 and 542 g d-1, respectively). Overall, the data showed poorer gain of the Finnish native breeds compared to NR and Hol. Among the native breeds, WF (427 g d-1) showed better growth compared to EF (356 g d-1) and NF (385 g d-1).  Less differences were observed in valuable cuttings as might be inferred based on the differences in carcass conformation scores.
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
Recommended code of practice for the care and handling of dairy cattle
Cattle footcare and claw trimming
Animal health control in Finland
Beef production from different dairy breeds and dairy beef crosses : a seminar in the CEC programme of coordination of research on beef production held at Castleknock, Co. Dublin, Ireland, April 13-15, 1981
Dairy cattle fertility & sterility
Genetic diversity in North Ethiopian cattle breeds : an on-farm and molecular characterization
Effect of time interval between prostaglandin F[sub 2α] and GnRH treatments on occurrence of short oestrous cycles in cyclic dairy heifers
Grazing and grass finishing systems in 1986.
Beef production and management decisions
Lameness in ruminants : the 15th International Symposium & the 7th Conference, Kuopio, Finland 9 - 13 June, 2008, proceedings
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
Research in cattle production : Danish status and perspectives : contribution in honour of A. Neimann-Sørensen, 1. May 1987.
Suomen ayrshirekarja = Finlands ayrshireboskap = the ayrshire cattle of Finland = das Ayrshirevieh in Finland
Concentrate feeding and milk yield based on field data of milk recorded herds
Calving performance, production and reproduction in early lactation : studies on variation and interrelationships in Swedish dairy breeds under experimental conditions
Environmental physiology of livestock
Impaired spermatogenesis in Finnish boars and bulls
In vitro production of cattle blastocysts in chemically defined medium with or without insulin supplementation
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Determination of ruminal feed digestibility and microbial synthesis based on digesta sampling from the omasal canal
Ayrshire world conference : Lahti, August 2-9, 1972
Trypanotolerant cattle and livestock development in West and Central Africa. Vol. 2, Trypanotolerant cattle in the national livestock economies
Fertility as a breeding problem in artifically bred populations of dairy cattle. 1, Registration and heritability of female fertility
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Storey's guide to raising beef cattle : health, handling, breeding
Vector-borne pathogens : international trade and tropical animal diseases
Inducible mutagenesis and biofilm formation in Streptococcus uberis
The effects of stall surfaces and milk yield on the lying behavior of dairy cow
Direct observation of hematopoietic progenitor chimerism in fetal freemartin cattle
Welfare quality : assessment protocol for cattle
Landscape ecology and resource management : linking theory with practice
A keen eye : fact and folklore on scottish highland cattle
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Calf rearing
Proceedings of the FAO expert consultation on the genetic aspects of trypanotolerance held in Rome, Italy, 3-4 September 1991.
The Husbandry and health of the domestic buffalo
Protein nutrition in ruminants
Genetic diversity of domestic cattle (Bos taurus) in North Europe
Training manual for embryo transfer in cattle
Practical diagnostic ultrasound in cattle
Beef : the untold story of how milk, meat, and muscle shaped the world
The cull cow as a beef producer
The expectant dairy cow
Dietary cation-anion balance and calcium and magnesium intake of the dry cow
Effect of glycine and alanine supplementation on development of cattle embryo cultured in CR1aa medium with or without cumulus cells
Nutrient requirements of beef cattle
Optimizing replacement decisions for Finnish dairy herds
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2003
Bovine medicine : diseases and husbandry of cattle
Livestock health and welfare
Atlas der Akupunktur des Rindes = atlas of acupuncture for cattle
Cattle breeds : an encyclopedia
Principles of cattle production
Trypanotolerant cattle and livestock development in West and Central Africa. Vol.1, The international supply and demand for breeding stock
Veterinary book for dairy farmers
Cattle breeds of the world : genus Bos
Physiology of reproduction and artificial insemination of Cattle
The Finnish hornless cattle and the Finnish horse
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Farms of northern Finland
A comparison of Nordic Red, Holstein-Friesian and Finnish native cattle bulls for beef production and carcass traits : research notes
Herd health : a textbook of health and production management of agricultural animals
Effects of winter feeding strategies with alternative feeds on the performance of mature suckler cows and their progeny
Modern livestock and poultry production
A genetic study of twinning rate in Norwegian Cattle
Genetic improvement of cattle and sheep
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Studies in epidemiology of bovine tick-borne fever in Finland and a clinical description of field cases
Outbreak of osteochondrosis due to hazardous calcium deficiency
A veterinary book for dairy farmers
Impaired semen quality of AI bulls fed with moldy hay : a case report
Coefficients of relationship and inbreeding among Finnish Ayrshire and Holstein-Friesian
Cattle and Sheep Medicine incorporates over 250 new clinical cases divided equally between cattle and sheep. The cases appear randomly to reflect real life practice and are presented as a set of integrated questions, photographs and detailed explanatory answers - to educate and not just to test. New images have been added for all cases and multiple choice questions are included for revision purposes. This second edition covers important clinical features of a range of common diseases of ruminants encountered in first opinion practice in a problem-based format. The book also contains many diseases not featured in the former edition. While common diseases are also again featured, the situations have been changed to mimic general practice, as a disease does not always manifest with the same clinical features. The diagnosis and treatment regimens described are those used by the author over the past 38 years in commercial large animal practice. They acknowledge the time and financial restrictions that occur in many situations, but require no specialised facilities or equipment.--AMAZON
Factors affecting the tone of the bovine retractor penis muscle with special reference to endothelins
