http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7871 electrophysiology
electrophysiology
The organisation of mind
Bioelectric phenomena
Music, cognition, and computerized sound : an introduction to psychoacoustics
Inventing the Future of Neurology based on the authors' groundbreaking research, this book presents a research ideology, a novel multi-paradigm methodology, and advanced computational models for the automated EEG-based diagnosis of neurological disorders. It is based on the ingenious integration of three different computing technologies and problem-solving paradigms: neural networks, wavelets, and chaos theory. The book also includes three introductory chapters that familiarize the readers with these three distinct paradigms. After extensive research and the discovery of relevant mathematical.
Electrotherapy : evidence-based practice
The science of sound
Electrophysiology of visual pathways as a screening tool for neurodegenerative diseases : evidence from mouse disease models
Introduction to electrophysiological methods and instrumentation
The orienting reaction and multiple electrodermal responses : implications for an orienting-exprectancy theory of classical conditioning
Muscles alive : Their functions revealed by electromyography
The handbook of psycholinguistic and cognitive processes : perspectives in communication disorders
Development of microfluidic applications to study the role of kainate receptors in synaptogenesis
The event-related potential (ERP) technique, in which neural responses to specific events are extracted from the EEG, provides a powerful noninvasive tool for exploring the human brain. This volume describes practical methods for ERP research along with the underlying theoretical rationale.
Electrostimulation : theory, applications, and computational model
Patch-clamp methods and protocols
Extraction of event-related potentials from electroencephalography data
Functional adaptation of sarcolemma to physical stress
Patch-clamp analysis : advanced techniques
A study of rodent brain function with functional and pharmacological magnetic resonance imaging
Evaluation and extraction of mismatch negativity through exploiting temporal, spectral, time-frequency, and spatial features
Modulation of synaptic transmission by prostaglandin E[sub 1], dopamine, dibutyryl cyclic-AMP and calcium : electrophysiological, biochemical and ESR-spectroscopic studies
Event-related potenital studies on novelty processing and distractibility
Oxford handbook of event-related potential components
Automated EEG-based diagnosis of neurological disorders : inventing the future of neurology
Instrumental clinical phonetics
The cognitive electrophysiology of mind and brain
The spark of life : electricity in the human body
Rehabilitation of the equine athlete
Unconscious memory representations in perception : processes and mechanisms in the brain
Handbook of voice assessments
Event-related potentials : a methods handbook
Anatomy for cardiac electrophysiologists : a practical handbook
Brain imaging has been immensely valuable in showing us how the mind works. However, many of our ideas about how the mind works come from disciplines like experimental psychology, artificial intelligence and linguistics, which in their modern form date back to the computer revolution of the 1940s, and are not strongly linked to the subdisciplines of biomedicine. Cognitive science and neuroscience thus have very separate intellectual roots, and very different styles. Unfortunately, these two areas of knowledge have not been well integrated as far as higher mental processes are concerned. So how can these two be reconciled in order to develop a full understanding of the mind and brain? This is the focus of this landmark book from leaders in the field. Coming more than two decades after Shallice's classic 'From neuropsychology to mental structure', 'The Organisation of Mind' establishes a strong historical, empirical, and theoretical basis for cognitive neuroscience. The book starts by reviewing the history and intellectual roots of the field, looking at some of the researchers who guided and influenced it. The basic principles - theoretical and empirical and the inferential relation between them - are then considered with particular emphasis being placed on inferences to the organisation of the cognitive system from two empirical methodologies - neuropsychology and functional imaging. The core skeleton of the cognitive system is then analysed for the areas most critical for understanding rational thought. In the third section the components of simple cognitive acts are described, namely semantic processing, working memory, and cognitive operations. In the final section, more complex higher-level modulating processes are considered, including, supervisory processing, episodic memory, consciousness and problem-solving.
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
Reduced muscle inactivity, sedentary time and cardio-metabolic benefits : effectiveness of a one-year family-based cluster randomized controlled trial
Electric-field-induced dielectric and caloric effects in relaxor ferroelectrics
Event-related potential studies on novelty processing and distractibility
Extraction of mismatch negativity from electroencephalography data
Micromotion compensation and a neural recording and stimulation system for electrophysiological measurements
Large-scale neuronal theories of the brain
Cross currents : the promise of electromedicine, the perils of electropollution
The perception of speech : from sound to meaning
The goal of this thesis was to investigate and build new circuit solutions for electrophysiological measurements that would be used in biophysical research of nervous system and brain activity. The first aim was to build a micromotion compensation system that could compensate for the relative movement of measurement microelectrodes and neurons that can cause signal attenuation or even loss. The purpose of this work was to stabilize the microelectrode with respect to the preparation in order to achieve more stable measurements with small test animals, such as insects, rodents or reptiles. The movement is measured with a touch probe sensor and a feedback loop containing a piezoelectric actuator that adjusts the position of the electrode. A prototype micromotion compensation system was built and its performance was measured in a realistic measurement condition. The compensation system was used to reduce the motion of the probe to below 1 µm, resulting in up to 98% compensation below 10 Hz. The design of the micromotion compensation system took advantage of a preceding study on a piezoelectric bimorph actuator/sensor structure. This study is also presented in the thesis.Another aim of the research was to design and build an integrated multichannel neural signal recording system with stimulation capabilities. The circuit was designed to amplify, digitize and stream out data from extracellular neuronal signal measurements. The main target of the measurement system are action potential signals, which are a type of “digital communication” between nerve cells that evolution has produced. The waveform of these action potential signals is the focus of interest. To accomplish this measurement, the developed circuit contains preamplification, multiplexing, post-amplification, A/D conversion and control logic for the A/D converter and data transmission. The circuit is also externa lly programmable, and it contains DACs for tuning high-pass filter corner frequency, amplifier bias current and stimulation current.The implemented electronics have low noise, low power and small circuit area. The gain of the circuit is adjustable from 100 to 5000 and the high-pass filter corner frequency from 0.5 Hz to 900 Hz. The sample rate is 20.833 kSps and the data rate is 3.5 Mbps. The measured noise level of the circuit is 7.5μV (rms) (300 Hz - 10 kHz) and the whole chip consumes less than 2 mW of power. A 16-channel prototype chip with 0.35μm CMOS technology was manufactured and its performance was measured. Backend electronics containing a microcontroller supporting high-speed USB data transfer was also programmed for the system. The device was tested in real measurements of neuronal signals in a cockroach (Periplaneta americana) preparation, and reliable streaming of the recorded data to the PC verified its proper function.
Novel experimental methods for insect neurophysiology
An introduction to the event-related potential technique
The clinical neurophysiology primer
Motor unit activation and force production during eccentric, concentric and isometric actions
In vitro electrophysiology of photoreceptors of two nocturnal insect species, Periplaneta americana and Gryllus bimaculatus
This volume discusses membrane potential imaging in the nervous system and in the heart and modern optical recording technology. Additionally, it covers organic and genetically-encoded voltage-sensitive dyes; membrane potential imaging from individual neurons, brain slices, and brains in vivo; optical imaging of cardiac tissue and arrhythmias; bio-photonics modelling . This is an expanded and fully-updated second edition, reflecting all the recent advances in this field. Twenty chapters, all authored by leading names in the field, are cohesively structured into four sections. The opening section focuses on the history and principles of membrane potential imaging and lends context to the following sections, which examine applications in single neurons, networks, large neuronal populations, and the heart. Topics discussed include population membrane potential signals in development of the vertebrate nervous system, use of membrane potential imaging from dendrites and axons, and depth-resolved optical imaging of cardiac activation and repolarization. The final section discusses the potential – and limitations – for new developments in the field, including new technology such as non-linear optics, advanced microscope designs, and genetically encoded voltage sensors. Membrane Potential Imaging in the Nervous System and Heart is ideal for neurologists, electrophysiologists, cardiologists, and those who are interested in the applications and the future of membrane potential imaging.
Instrumentation circuit design for biomedical applications
Practical biomedical signal analysis using MATLAB
Membrane Potential Imaging in the Nervous System and Heart
Ionic mechanisms in mouse rod photoreceptor signaling
Electrophysiology of mind : event-related brain potentials and cognition
The effect of aquatic exercise on symptoms, function, body composition and cartilage in knee osteoarthritis
Modifications of cortical activity by deep brain stimulation in advanced Parkinson's disease : an MEG study
On the peripheral visual system of the bumblebee (Bombus terrestris)
Conditioning of electrodermal responses through vicarious instigation and through perceived threat to a performer
Apparent contrast as a function of modulation depth and spatial frequency : a comparison between perceptual and electrophysiological measures
Biomechanics of gait and physical function in patients with knee osteoarthritis : thigh muscle properties and joint loading assessment
Electrophysiologic testing
Crossmodal space and crossmodal attention
Memory distortions induced by fluency - behavioural and electrophysiological investigations
Human auditory evoked potentials
Normal aging, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimers̓ disease : neuropsychological screening and electrophysiological correlates of working memory
Journal of electrophysiological technology
