http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7870 Akkadian language
Akkadian language
The Akkadian Namburbi texts : an introduction
Neo-Assyrian toponyms
Selected Babylonian Kudurru inscriptions
Loan words of Sumerian and Akkadian origin in Arabic
Neo-Assyrian legal documents in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum
Letters and contratcs from Erech : written in the neo-Babylonian period
Old Babylonian omen texts
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 17, part 2, Š
The cuneiform tablets in St.Louis
Old Assyrian letters and business documents
Studies on the civilization and culture of Nuzi and the Hurrians, volume 3
State letters of Assyria : a transliteration and translation of 355 official Assyrian letters dating from the Sargonid period (722-625 B.C.)
Catalogue of the cuneiform tablets in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum. Vol. 5
Old Babylonian account texts in the Horn Archaeology Museum
Cuneiform texts in The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Vol. 1, Tablets, cones and bricks of the third and second millenia B.C
The Nuzi dialect of Akkadian : ortography and phonology
Kaniš Kārum'unun kronoloji problemleri hakkında müşahedeler = Observations on the chronological problems of the Kārum Kaniš
The system of the quadriliteral verb in Akkadian
Abstract in english.
Excavations at Nuzi. Volume 1, Texts of varied contents
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 10, part 1, M
Assyrian dictionary, part 1 : intended to further the study of the cuneiform inscriptions of Assyria and Babylonia
Old Babylonian tablets from Ishchali and vicinity
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 13, Q
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 3, D
Catalogue of the cuneiform tablets in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum. Vol. 3
Glossary of old Akkadian
The tablets from Fort Shalmaneser
Votive and historical texts from Babylonia and Assyria
The governor's palace archive
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 17, part 3, Š
A linguistic analysis of Akkadian
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 11, part 1, N
Miscellaneous inscriptions in the Yale Babylonian collection
The annals of Ashurbanapal
Assyrian deeds and documents recording the transfer of property : including the so-called private contracts, legal decisions and proclamations preserved in the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum : chiefly of the 7th Century B.C.. Vol. 2, Additional cuneiform texts introduction - officials - meteorology
The origin and development of Babylonian writing
The T-perfect in the Akkadian of Old-Babylonian letters, with a supplement on verbal usage in the code of Hammurapi and the laws of Eshnunna
Assyrian and Babylonian religious texts : being prayers, oracles, hymns &c. copied from the original tablets preserved in The British Museum and autographed. Vol. 1-2
Assyrian deeds and documents recording the transfer of property : including the so-called private contracts, legal decisions and proclamations preserved in the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum : chiefly of the 7th Century B.C.. Vol. 4, Sales of houses - sales of landed property - leases - votive offerings - proclamations - charters - schedules - glossary
The old Babylonian tablets from Tell al Rimah
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 6, Ḫ
Assyrian dictionary : intended to further the study of the cuneiform inscriptions of Assyria and Babylonia
Mining the archives : Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the occasion of his 60th birthday, 4 october 2002
Morphology of Akkadian : a comparative and historical sketch
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 17, part 1, Š
The canonical lamentations of ancient Mesopotamia. Vol. 1
Catalogue of the cuneiform tablets in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum. Vol. 2
Gemination in the Akkadian verb
A structural grammar of Babylonian
Assyrian deeds and documents recording the transfer of property : including the so-called private contracts, legal decisions and proclamations preserved in the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum : chiefly of the 7th Century B.C.. Vol. 3, Money loans - legal decisions - deeds of sale - slave sales
The Sultantepe tablets 2
Assyrian royal inscriptions. Part 2, From Tiglath-pileser I to Ashur-nasir-apli II
Sargonic texts in the Louvre Museum
Sargonic texts in the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 11, part 2, N
The Shemshāra archives 2 : the administrative texts
Babylonische Texte. Heft 6 B, Inscriptions of the reigns of Evil-Merodach, Neriglissar and Laborosoarchod
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 4, E
Assyrian deeds and documents recording the transfer of property : including the so-called private contracts, legal decisions and proclamations preserved in the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum : chiefly of the 7th Century B.C.. Vol. 1, Cuneiform texts
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 21, Z
Assyrian royal inscriptions. Volume 1, From the beginning to Ashur-resha-ishi I
The Sumerian loanwords in Old-Babylonian Akkadian. Vol. 1
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 53, Neo-Assyrian letters from the Kuyunjik collection
The Chicago Syllabary and the Louvre Syllabary AO 7661
The Akkadian of Alalaḫ
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 10, part 2, M
Early Babylonian letters and economic texts
Reference-glossary of Assyrian words
Taxation and conscription in the Assyrian empire
Forerunners to Udug-Hul : Sumerian exorcistic incantations
Catalogue of the cuneiform tablets in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum. Vol. 1
Texts from Hellenistic Babylonia in the Ashmolean Museum. Notes on the seal impressions
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 5, G
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 9, L
Historical, religious and economic texts and antiquities
Old Akkadian writing and grammar
Business documents of Murashu, sons of Nippur : dated in the reign of Darius II. Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 16, S
Rulers of Babylonia : from the second dynasty of Isin to the end of Assyrian domination (1157-612 BC)
Assyrian dictionary, part 2 : intended to further the study of the cuneiform inscriptions of Assyria and Babylonia
The prisms of Esarhaddon and Ashurbanipal found at Niniveh, 1927-8
Sargonic texts from the Diyala region
Royal inscriptions on clay cones from Ashur now in Istanbul
Excavations at Nuzi. Volume 2, The archives of Shilwateshub son of the king
The Sultantepe tablets 1
The Claremont Ras Shamra tablets
A grammar of the Neo-Babylonian letters of the Kuyunjik collection
On traces of an indefinite article in Assyrian
Akkadian chrestomathy : selected cuneiform texts. Vol. 1
Late Achaemenid, early Macedonian, and early Seleucid records of deposit and related texts
Catalogue of the cuneiform tablets in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum : supplement
Catalogue of the cuneiform tablets in the Kouyunjik collection of the British Museum. Vol. 4
Records from Ur and Larsa dated in the Larsa dynasty
The Alalakh tablets
Letters and transactions from Cappadocia
The canonical lamentations of ancient Mesopotamia. Vol. 2
A classified list : of all simple and compound cuneiform ideographs occurring in the texts hitherto published, with their Assyro-Babylonian equivalents, phonetic values etc
Nebraska cuneiform texts of the Sumerian Ur III dynasty : autograph copies and indexes of cuneiform documents
The Akkadian personal pronouns and verbal system in the light of Semitic and Hamitic
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 54 : Neo-Babylonian letters from the Kuyunjik collection
Neo-Sumerian account texts from Drehem
A new boundary stone of Debuchadrezzar 1 from Nippur : with a concordance of proper names and a glossary of the Kudurru inscriptions thus far published
The anti-witchcraft series Maqlû : a student edition and selected commentary
The Assyrian dictionary : of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. Volume 8, K
Temple documents of the third dynasty of Ur from Umma
