http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7878 cleaning personnel
cleaning personnel
Cleaning service from the viewpoint of experts
Occupational stress in working women and the benefits of relaxation training : studies on bank employees, home helps and hospital cleaners
Sunshine cleaning
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : Third International Congress on Professional Cleaning 30. September - 1. October 2002, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
The school gate survival guide
The feet in the gym
The dirty work of neoliberalism : cleaners in the global economy
Nouseva Jupiter = Jupiter ascending
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : proceedings
Cleaner
Clay
Solemnly swear
Aging and Work : international scientific symposium on aging and work : 28-30 May 1992, Haikko, Finland
Urban sweepers in Bangladesh : caste and community, religion and dignity
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
The night cleaner
The highway rat
Empress of the splendid season
Poolboy : drowning out the fury
Afternoon Tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Professional cleaning in 2010 : cleaning professionals' thoughts of their field and its future
The idea was simple: pack a suitcase, go to another city where you have no connections and try to find a job, anonymously. That was the idea that took Florence Aubenas--one of France's most accomplished undercover journalists--on a journey into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Day after day she searched for work, one unemployed worker among others, with no special skills or qualifications. She immersed herself in the crowd of job seekers, going from one employment office to another, eventually managing to cobble together a few hours working as a night cleaner on a ferry that crossed the English Channel. For many people the global financial crisis seems real enough but remote from their daily lives. They have little sense of what it really means to be unemployed in the midst of a recession. Florence Aubenas was determined to find out. This book is the story of her journey.--From publisher description.
Nickel and dimed : Undercover in low-wage USA
Shakespeare's landlord : a Lily Bard mystery
Death of a maid
The cleaner of Chartres
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : proceedings : Third International Congress on Professional Cleaning 30. September - 1. October 2002, Helsinki, Finland
The girl from the Savoy
