http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7887 head
head
Plastic surgery. Vol. 2, The head and neck, part 1
The right concepts for the right problems
Neuroimaging : the essentials
Human capital and incentives in the creation of inventions : a study of Finnish inventors
Abstract.
Head and neck anatomy for dental medicine
Fractures of the proximal humerus : history, classification, and management
Development cooperation projects - on the road towards social organisational capital : case study: Latvia
TP53as clinical marker in head and neck cancer
Entrepreneurial business opportunity recognition : relationships between intellectual and social capital, environmental dynamism, opportunity recognition behavior, and performance
The art of Indian head massage : health and beauty at your fingertips
The physiology of the joints. Volume 3, The spinal column, pelvic girdle and head
Katz and Rapoport (2005) conclude that with linear production technology and the possibility of unilateral migration, regionspecific shocks may increase the average level of education. Previously, Poutvaara (2000) derived a corresponding result with Cobb-Douglas technology and migration which may go in both directions. This paper shows that the exit option may reduce human capital formation with a quadratic production technology.
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Helsinki - a compact green city
An atlas of head & neck surgery
Radiation therapy of head and neck cancer with special emphasis on locoregional recurrence and adverse events
Sustainable tourism in nature areas
ECB purchase programme expanded to include corporate bonds
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
See inside your head
Towering
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Technopolis Ecosystem and MoneyTalks® Events as a facilitator of Venture Capital Financing
This second edition of volume 3 in the Thieme Atlas of Anatomy series now covers anatomy of the neck as well as anatomy of the head and neuroanatomy. It includes over 200 stunning new anatomic illustrations as well as a substantial number of additional clinical correlations. Descriptions of anatomic structures and their relationships to one another, along with information on the development of the structures, anomalies, and common pathologies, appear in every chapter.
Handbook of MRI technique
Investment incentives in closely held corporations and Finland's 2005 tax reform
MODELING A LIKENESS IN CLAY
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 1, Chapters 1-13
Small can be strong : Mänttä, European Capital of Culture 2011 : Application Submitted to the Ministry of Education  on 23 February 2006
The art of Indian head massage
Head and neck imaging / Vol. 2
Positive corporate communication : the role of positive equity storytelling in non-regulated investor relations
Wolf-Heidegger's Atlas of human anatomy = Wolf-Heideggers Atlas der Anatomie des Menschen. Vol. 2, Head and neck, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, CNS, eye, ear
The conceptual levels and theory languages of interaction design
Comment on education returns of wage earners and self-employed workers
An analysis of outcome for head-injured patients with poor prognosis
United States hegemony and the structural power of finance
Gray's Anatomy for students
Indian head massage : discover the power of touch
Imaging perfusion and hypoxia in head and neck cancer using positrom emission tomography (PET)
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck ; Part 1
Locoregional anaesthesia and analgesia in small animals : a review of basic principles and techniques
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
The Role of Nigeria Capital Market in the Growth of the Industrial Sector
Jatin Shah's head and neck surgery and oncology
Strategy and human resource management
Anatomy Flash Cards (Latin nomenclature edition)
Head and neck trauma : an interdisciplinary approach
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Finnish foreign correspondents in Moscow : balancing between external expectations, personal ambitions and working conditions
This paper analyses the effects of the recent Finnish income tax reform on the behaviour of a closely held corporation (CHC) and its owners. The main elements of the reform are cuts in corporate and capital income tax rates and the replacement of the current full imputation system by a partial double taxation of distributed profits. Considerable exemptions are applied to relieve the taxation of dividends from CHCs. The analysis indicates that the change in the CHCs cost of capital depends on the marginal tax rate (MTR) of the owner. In the case of a high-MTR entrepreneur, the cost of capital increases or is retained at the present level while at lower MTRs the cost of capital may well decrease. The latter observation is due to the increase in the tax rate gap between earned income and capital income. Thus the reform does not remove the earlier reported non-neutralities of the Finnish tax system. The reform will also affect the owner's choice of the form of compensation. Higher taxation of dividends will improve the position of wage income as a form of compensation. This will cushion the effect of the dividend tax changes on the CHCs cost of capital.
Textbook of head and neck anatomy
Exercises for shoulder girdle rehabilitation : a literature review
Interactive effects of parasitism and predation on the behaviour of the amphipod Pallasea quadrispinosa
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
Head injury rehabilitation : children and adolescents
Crowdfunding or Business Angels to Finance Start-Ups
Developing evaluation strategies and training for early childhood education in the Helsinki metropolitan area, Finland
Optimal taxation with capital accumulation and wage bargaining
Human resource development function to both organizational performance and quality of working life
Development of young population groups in Helsinki
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
Secrets to drawing heads
The severed head : capital visions
Knowledge management practices at small and medium sized Oulu region enterprises
Thieme atlas of anatomy. Vol. 3 / head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy workbook and laboratory manual : volume 1, chapters 1-13
Tumors of the upper aerodigestive tract and ear
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. [vol. 3], Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Scientific and design stances
Intuitions in human-technology interaction design
Tensions in human-technology research
Drawing the human head
Illustrated clinical anatomy
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 3, Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Painting heads and faces
Neck pain in adolescent headache sufferers : a cohort study of schoolchildren
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
A wavelet analysis of scaling laws and long-memory in stock market volatility
Cytotoxicity of bleomycin and external radiation in squamous cell cancer cell lines of head and neck
Neck and shoulder pain related to computer use : Terveysnetti
Economics of education
Key issues in neurological physiotherapy
Investment incentives in closely corporations and Finland's 2005 tax reform
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
Netter's head and neck anatomy for dentistry
Conceptualisation of transnational remittances as social capital (re)production : the case of the somali diaspora in Finland
Questions and answers
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck. Part 1
Cultural competence in health promotion and experienced by the Kurdish women in Finland
On human capital formation with exit options : comment and new results
Further note on the craniology of the Lapps
Syndecan-1 expression and soluble syndecan-1 in head and neck and lung carcinomas
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
Illustrated anatomy of the head and neck
The equine head
Disembodied heads in medieval and early modern culture
A world of head ornaments : Africa, Asia, Oceania, America from the Ghysels Collection
Head and neck cancer : an evidence-based team approach
When the Governing Council of the ECB decided in March 2016 to increase monthly purchases under the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) from EUR 60 billion to EUR 80 billion, it also decided to add corporate sector bonds to the programme. Purchases under the corporate sector purchase programme (CSPP) began at the beginning of June and are intended to run - as is the whole APP - until the end of March 2017, or beyond, if necessary. The purchases are carried out by six national central banks, including the Bank of Finland, acting on behalf of the Eurosystem..
Health financing mechanisms, access to health and economic growth
Sectional anatomy for imaging professionals
Human sectional anatomy : atlas of body sections, CT and MRI images
Equilibrium unemployment with capital investments under labour market imperfections
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 5, The head and neck. Part 2
Popularizing Roma capitale : representations of a royal Rome in the pages of L'Illustrazione Italiana in the late 19th century
Thieme atlas of anatomy : head and neuroanatomy
Figure it out! : human proportions : draw the head and figure right every time
Human capital, dynamic inefficiency and economic growth
To steal her love
Advanced myofascial techniques. Volume 2, Neck, head, spine and ribs
Explains how the human head works, and why our heads evolved in this peculiarly human way. This book documents how the many components of the head function, how they evolved since we diverged from the apes, and how they interact in diverse ways both functionally and developmentally, causing them to be highly integrated.
Netter's clinical anatomy
Microinnovations in human-technology interaction
Immaterial capital : ideas of human and social capital in the Older Historical School of German Political Economy
Head and neck anatomy : a clinical reference
The optimal tax treatment of housing capital in the neoclassical growth model
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Portrait of the Helsinki region
Atlas of regional and free flaps for head and neck reconstruction : flap harvest and insetting
How to draw the human head : techniques and anatomy
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Netter's atlas of anatomy for speech, swallowing, and hearing
On the political economy of housing's tax status
How to promote the healthy development of human resources in children and youngsters?
The migraine miracle : a sugar-free, gluten-free, ancestral diet to reduce inflammation and relieve your headaches for good
The evolution of the human head
Indian head massage : Jill Russell
Adenoviral gene therapy for advanced head and neck cancer
Photographic atlas of practical anatomy. 2 [part 1], Neck, head, back, chest, upper extremities
Transformation of the Finnish higher education and research : new challenges for research
Stability and dynamics in an overlapping generations economy with flexible wage negotiations
For people who come from other countries to live in Finland, the impact of settlement and acculturation varies widely depending on their experience and situation. There are many determinants of health and well-being from outside of the health system. Finland is becoming more responsive to the needs of people from diverse backgrounds. This research explains in general the plight of the Kurdish women having immigrated into Finland. A woman's position in this society is slow to change. These women have experienced various factors in their everyday lives such as patriarchy, political issues, different environments, diff erent languages and cultures. In this research I have shown that those factors directly and indirectly infl uence the Kurdish woman in Finland's health situation. I have likewise proposed a project plan in order to solve these problems. The findings of this research study could be used for planning of the methods in the health promotion project, developing personal health promotion skills of the Central Council for Health Education and Promotion for Kurdish immigrant women..
Identifying risk with medication use : beyond error reporting
Financing small and medium size enterprises – case study MML Resources Ltd.
Childhood sleep-disordered breathing – dentofacial and pharyngeal characteristics
Plastic surgery. Vol. 3, The head and neck, part 2
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
Head injuries in Luleå and Oulu in 1978
This article summarises a study of the purposefulness, structure and amount of external learning networks formed during an interdisciplinary higher education programme based on a LAB studio model. The LAB studio model is a learning model, which develops connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and development of the related business prototypes and startups. The LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with a project-based education at its core and has a key goal of educating entrepreneurship competences. The data for the study was collected through semi-structured interviews with six student teams (N=35) during May 2015. The data analysis took place through mixed methods, which as a method focuses on collecting, analysing, and mixing both quantitative and qualitative data. Findings show that the LAB studio model challenges and enables students to develop new learning networks external to the traditional university environment. New learning networks are created due to the demanding problem -solving process used in the teaching activities. Overall, the education programme broke down barriers between the education environment and external business environment through the establishment of learning networks. In conclusion, the learning networks formed during the education programme were wide-ranging, and the role of students was active and self-directive. Furthermore, we suggest that social capital was increased during the educational process.
Crisis preparedness through co-operation between municipalities and non-governmental organizations
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
Headmovements of drivers : equipment and exploratory study
Indian head massage : simple routines for home, work & travel
The head, neck, and trunk : muscles and motor points
Capital Asset Pricing Model in building investment portfolio
An immunotherapeutic approach to cancer of the head and neck
The anatomical basis of dentistry
Severed : a history of heads lost and heads found
Positive human tacit signal approach and competence system intelligence in organization
Head and neck imaging
LAB studio model : developing external networks for learning entrepreneurship in higher education
Indian head massage
Summary.
Craniofacial anomalies : a beginner's guide for speech-language pathologists
Head injury : a practical guide
Alcohol affects the outcome after head trauma
Painting the head in oil
Pocket atlas of sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 1, Head, neck, spine, and joints
From print to online : how lifestyle magazine editors-in-chief perceive advertising influence
Locoregional anaesthesia and analgesia in small animals: a review of basic principles and techniques
Immigrant associations in the Metropolitan Area of Finland : forms of mobilisation, participation and representation
Head and neck : 100 top diagnoses
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
A general theory of optimal capital accumulation under price uncertainty and costly reversibility
Painting and drawing the head
WIRECOM : wireless communication devices and human health : national research programme into the health effects of mobile phones : final report
Regional and applied anatomy of the domestic animals. Part 1, Head and neck
Pocket atlas of cross-sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 1, Head, neck, spine and joints
Normal findings in CT and MRI
Diagnostic surgical pathology of the head and neck
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 5, The head and neck ; Part 2
Thieme atlas of anatomy image collection : Head and neuroanatomy
Anatomy of the head and neck
Value creation in private equity : a case study of outperforming buyouts in the Nordic Countries
Introducing the concept of the experience-based capital of physical exercise (ECPE)
Head and neck cancer : treatment, rehabilitation, and outcomes
Innovation, learning, and communities
The eco-social approach in social work
Step-by-step head massage
Diagnostic imaging : head and neck
We study the effects of labour market imperfections and capital stock on equilibrium unemployment. With an exogenous capital-labour ratio stronger labour market imperfections promote equilibrium unemployment. The relationship between the long-run unemployment and the capital stock is not monotonic. With sufficiently strong (weak) labour market imperfections capital investment has a wage-moderating (wage-increasing) effect, thereby decreasing (increasing) equilibrium unemployment if the relative bargaining power of the labour union is sufficiently strong (weak). Empirically, we find dispersed longrun effects of capital on unemployment by focusing on 16 OECD countries over 28 years.
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
A video demonstration of the 14 most valid physical examination tests for the shoulder
An economic perspective on crime, its costs, crime fighting and rehabilitation efforts
