http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7885 plastic surgery
plastic surgery
Plastic surgery. Vol. 2, The head and neck, part 1
Bone and soft tissue reconstruction of extensive gunshot wounds to the face
Skintight : an anatomy of cosmetic surgery
Things a woman should know about beauty
Making the cut : how cosmetic surgery is transforming our lives
Practices of cosmetic surgery have grown exponentially in recent years in both over-developed and developing worlds. What comprises cosmetic surgery has also changed, with a plethora of new procedures and an extraordinary rise of non-surgical operations. As the practices of cosmetic surgery have multiplied and diversified, so have feminist approaches to understanding them. For the first time leading feminist scholars including Susan Bordo, Kathy Davis, Vivian Sobchack and Kathryn Pauly Morgan, have been brought together in this comprehensive volume to reveal the complexity of feminist engagements with the phenomenon that still remains vastly more popular among women. Offering a diversity of theoretical, methodological and political approaches Cosmetic Surgery: A Feminist Primer presents not only the latest, cutting-edge research in this field but a challenging and unique approach to the issue that will be of key interest to researchers across the social sciences and humanities.
Cosmetic surgery is the fastest growing medical speciality in both the U.S. and western Europe. The surgical fix' belongs to the growing arsenal of practices and technologies which are aimed at transforming the female body for the sake of beauty.' Despite its increasing popularity, cosmetic surgery is controversial. It raises the question of why women are willing to put themselves under the knife for operations which are painful, expensive, risky and often leave them in worse shape than they were before. Reshaping the Female Body attempts to make sense of women's involvement in cosmetic surgery. Whereas traditional explanations have tended to look to female narcissism, lack of self-esteem and susceptibility to the lures of consumer capitalism and myths of eternal youth or perfect beauty, Kathy Davis situates cosmetic surgery in a feminist analysis of the cultural constraints of femininity. At the same time, however, she argues against the notion that women who have cosmetic surgery are victims of ideological manipulation, blindly complying with cultural definitions of feminine beauty. Cosmetic surgery is less about beauty than about being ordinary. Davis argues that, paradoxically, cosmetic surgery can be a way for some women to become embodied subjects who by reshaping their bodies can remake their lives. She cautions against condemning cosmetic surgery as inherently repressive and, therefore, politically incorrect,' arguing instead for an approach which accepts the unease which cosmetic surgery invokes, while taking seriously the reasons of women who see it as their only option under the circumstances. Reshaping the Female Body sees cosmetic surgery as a dilemma: both symptom and solution, oppression and liberation, all in one.
Cosmetic surgery, gender and culture
Acute arterial thrombosis in microsurgery : clinical and experimental studies
Sara's face
Perioperative nursing practice
Flesh wounds : the culture of cosmetic surgery
Pocket essentials of clinical surgery
Medical tourism and transnational health care
Dubious equalities and embodied differences : cultural studies on cosmetic surgery
Urologic trauma and reconstruction
Reflecting on cosmetic surgery : body image, shame and narcissism
Berry & Kohn's operating room technique
Beverly Hills beauty secrets : A prominent dermatologist and plastic surgeon's insider guide to facial rejuvenation
Textbook of cosmetic dermatology
Cosmetic and reconstructive breast surgery
Cosmetic applications of laser & light-based systems
Jatin Shah's head and neck surgery and oncology
Head and neck trauma : an interdisciplinary approach
The effects of reduction mammaplasty
Microvascular reconstruction of traumatic compound bone and soft tissue defects of the tibia and ankle : long-term patient-reported outcomes
Plastic surgery. Vol. 8, The hand and upper limb, part 2
Blood flow in free microvascular flaps
Wound healing for plastic surgeons
Plastic surgery. Vol. 6, Trunk and lower extremity
Grabb and Smith's plastic surgery
The youth equation : Take 10 years of your face
Perioperative plasma endothelin-1 concentrations and vasoconstriction during prolonged plastic surgical procedures
The prince's body : Vincenzo Gonzaga and Renaissance medicine
Fundamental techniques of plastic surgery and their surgical applications
The professional make-up artist : motion pictures, television, print, theatre
The code
Skin care beyond the basics
Plastic and reconstructive surgery
Reconstructive plastic surgical nursing : clinical management and wound care
Body image : a handbook of theory, research, and clinical practice
Enhancing human traits : ethical and social implications
Surgery junkies : wellness and pathology in cosmetic culture
Surgery of the skin : procedural dermatology
Creating beauty to cure the soul : race and psychology in the shaping of aesthetic surgery
Cuttingedge
Cosmetic surgery : the cutting edge of commercial medicine in America
Body contouring : art, science, and clinical practice
Plastic surgery. Vol. 7, The hand and upper limb, part 1
Abstract in english.
Brow and upper eyelid surgery : multispecialty approach
Beauty and the beast
Local anesthetics for plastic surgery
Atlas of regional and free flaps for head and neck reconstruction : flap harvest and insetting
Physiotherapy for burns and plastic reconstruction of the hand
Cosmetic surgery : a feminist primer
Making the body beautiful : a cultural history of aesthetic surgery
Reshaping the female body : the dilemma of cosmetic surgery
Replaceable you : engineering the body in postwar America
Morbidity of donor and recipient sites after free flap surgery
Plastic surgery. Vol. 4, Pediatric plastic surgery
Grabb and Smith's Plastic surgery
Outcomes measures in plastic surgery
Bioresorbable plain and ciprofloxacin-releasing self-reinforced PLGA 80/20 implants' suitability for craniofacial surgery : histological and mechanical assessment
Plastic surgery. Vol. 3, The head and neck, part 2
Mastering medical esthetics  : a guide for estheticians working in the medical field
Because we are all human : Finnish Red Cross 1877-2002
Reconstructive facial plastic surgery : a problem-solving manual
Includes brief biographies of the world's most famous aesthetic surgeons, with a chapter on Ivo Pitanguy.
Nose reconstructions have been common in India for centuries. South Korea, Brazil, and Israel have become international centers for procedures ranging from eyelid restructuring to buttock lifts and tummy tucks. Argentina has the highest rate of silicone implants in the world. Around the globe, aesthetic surgery has become a cultural and medical fixture. Sander Gilman seeks to explain why by presenting the first systematic world history and cultural theory of aesthetic surgery. Touching on subjects as diverse as getting a "nose job" as a sweet-sixteen birthday present and the removal of male breasts in seventh-century Alexandria, Gilman argues that aesthetic surgery has such universal appeal because it helps people to "pass," to be seen as a member of a group with which they want to or need to identify. Gilman begins by addressing basic questions about the history of aesthetic surgery. What surgical procedures have been performed? Which are considered aesthetic and why? Who are the patients? What is the place of aesthetic surgery in modern culture? He then turns his attention to that focus of countless human anxieties: the nose. Gilman discusses how people have reshaped their noses to repair the ravages of war and disease (principally syphilis), to match prevailing ideas of beauty, and to avoid association with negative images of the "Jew," the "Irish," the "Oriental," or the "Black." He examines how we have used aesthetic surgery on almost every conceivable part of the body to try to pass as younger, stronger, thinner, and more erotic. Gilman also explores some of the extremes of surgery as personal transformation, discussing transgender surgery, adult circumcision and foreskin restoration, the enhancement of dueling scars, and even a performance artist who had herself altered to resemble the Mona Lisa.
Venus envy : a history of cosmetic surgery
Scandinavian plastic surgery
"Cosmetic surgery represents an extreme form of modern grooming. It is the fastest growing medical specialty, yet misconceptions abound about those who undertake it and their reasons for doing so. With a grounded approach, engaging 30 women through in-depth interview, this study explores how they chose cosmetic surgery as an option. Their accounts frame a theoretical discussion, in which Northrop proposes that cosmetic surgery is initiated within the vulnerable and divisive relationship between the self and its poor body image. Poor body image and the attempt at its reparation are examined conceptually through shame and narcissism. With compelling case studies and a multi-disciplinary approach, Reflecting on Cosmetic Surgery demonstrates that shame constitutes a framework through which we formulate appearance norms and learn the art of becoming socially embodied. Shame concerns the self, but manifests in response to perceived social phenomena. Through the evaluation and amendment of body image with cosmetic surgery, notions of self and social worthiness are played out. Northrop argues convincingly for a review of the way in which we view narcissism and proposes that shame, and the discomforts arising from it, are implicated in its occurrence. This book will appeal to students and scholars across the social sciences, and particularly in women's studies and gender studies".
Complications and donor site sequelae in free flap surgery
Bariatric and post-bariatric surgery : from metabolic surgery to plastic surgery indications
Summary.
TRAM surgery patient's postoperative information needs : literature review
The high risk foot in diabetes mellitus
Self-reinforced biodegradable implants in reconstructive plastic surgery and in thoracic surgery
Plastic surgery
Plastic surgery. Vol. 5, Tumors of the head, neck, and skin
Aesthetic surgery
Microtia
The ambler warning
True lies : photographic misinterpretation in plastic surgery
