http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7890 family sociology
family sociology
Family, socialization and interaction process
Summary: "Chinese Student Migration, Gender and Family is a study of the sons and daughters of Chinese single-child families who go abroad to study and in particular explores the increase of familial investment in daughters' education within the wider socio-moral transformation of China. The relationships of support in the family are renegotiated, and lines of generational and gendered power are changing. While this generation of young women have been raised in an environment that fosters individual achievement and competition, they must eventually find their place in the marriage and job markets that are highly gendered. Women are directed towards less demanding career paths and are wary of becoming 'too successful' to marry. Both female and male student migrants draw from their cosmopolitan experiences and resources when negotiating these tensions. Through their individual journeys of migration, they are at the forefront of the current transformation of the Chinese symbolic markets"--.
The strength of our mothers : African & African American women & families : essays and speeches
Paribar and kinship in a Moslem rural village in East Pakistan
Families : applications of social learning to family life
The Christian home in Victorian America, 1840-1900
Mandela's children : growing up in post-apartheid South Africa
The family of tomorrow : the cultural crisis and the way out
Man and civilization : the family's search for survival : a symposium
The stories that families tell : narrative coherence, narrative interaction, and relationship beliefs
Family values : between neoliberalism and the new social conservatism
Connecting families : the impact of new communication technologies on domestic life
Families and the future
Family continuity and change : contemporary European perspectives
Family and the state of theory
What is family?
Abstract: Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe.
The beginning of the rest of your life? : a portrait of newly-wed marriage
Studying families
The child in the family
A comparison of intergenerational interaction between middle-aged offsprings and their elderly parents by Karelians and other Finns
Women, the bureaucracy and daily life in postwar Moscow, 1945-1953
Claiming others : transracial adoption and national belonging
The evolving world of work and family : new stakeholders, new voices
Caring for young children : an analysis of educational and social services
Family and civilization
Kindred matters : rethinking the philosophy of the family
Social theory and the family
Harmful to minors : the perils of protecting children from sex
Journal of feminist family therapy
Human sexuality : contemporary controversies
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Cross-class families : a study of wives' occupational superiority
The children of Sánchez : autobiography of a Mexican family
Sociology of marriage & the family : gender, love, and property
Baby steps : how lesbian alternative insemination is changing the world
After divorce
Journal of marriage and the family
Constructive & destructive behavior : implications for family, school,  & society
Marriages in Russia : couples during the economic transition
Three essays on sex and marriage
Gender, family and society
Displaying families : a new concept for the sociology of family life
The family in social context
Family communication : teleclass study guide
East meets west : intercultural marriage in Finland
Family transitions : continuity and change over the life cycle
The second shift
Rethinking marriage : public and private perspectives
Korea's divided families : fifty years of reparation
Parenting, schooling and children's behaviour
Families, households and society
The family in global transition
Family policies and family well-being : the role of political culture
Sociology of the family : selected readings
Emerging conceptual frameworks in family analysis
Weaving a family : untangling race and adoption
The war over the family : capturing the middle ground
Family processes and problems : social psychological aspects
Land, kinship and life-cycle
Regulating family responsibilities
Family research : a sixty-year review, 1930-1990. Vol. 1
Parent-child socialization in diverse cultures
Kin of another kind : transracial adoption in American literature
After marriage : rethinking marital relationships
Family versus individual in the novels of Eudora Welty
Theory construction and the sociology of the family
Family research : a sixty-year review, 1930-1990. Vol. 2
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Sociology : a brief but critical introduction
The Vietnamese family in change : the case of the Red River Delta
Marital violence : an English family history, 1660-1857
Adolescents, work and family : an intergenerational developmental analysis
Since education in family to system aspects of education
Race mixing : black-white marriage in postwar America
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Contemporary families : sociological view
Handbook of contemporary families : considering the past, contemplating the future
Contemporary families and relationships : reinventing responsibility
The family in past time : a guide to the literature
Contextual analysis and theory construction in cross-cultural family research
Warm hearts and cold cash : the intimate dynamics of families and money
In support of families
On the family, education, and war : selected writings
Perfect motherhood : science and childrearing in America
The modern family
Exploring the private side of family life together with the public, institutional nature of the the Family through a sociological lens. Families and Their Social Worlds shows that many family concerns are actually social issues that need to be addressed through sound social policies. The author encourages readers to think about families beyond their own personal experiences, and even beyond family structure in the United States. Her goal is to impart a passion for critical thinking as readers see that families exist within social worlds. Important policy considerations are imbedded in each chapter to illustrate what is currently being done, and perhaps even more importantly, what can be done to strengthen families and intimate relationships.
The family in a transforming society
Journal of comparative family studies
Family storytelling : negotiating identities, teaching lessons, and making meaning
Contemporary theories about the family. Vol. 2, General theories / Theoretical orientations
Marriage
Japanese family and society : words from Tongo Takebe, a Meiji era sociologist
Sourcebook of family theories and methods : a contextual approach
The effects of mental retardation, disability, and illness on sibling relationships : research issues and challenges
Parental leave institutions in eighteen post-war welfare states
Cultures of infancy
Family matters : parents living with children in old age
The politics of the family and other essays
Families and their social worlds
Aging : stability and change in the family
Looking at how the family is represented by the media, and by scrutinizing the manner in which it is regulated, this book uncovers the ways in which academic research and welfare policy have colluded with political rhetoric and the popular media to re-invent a mythical ideal family. Representing the Family: combines perspectives from a range of theories including media and cultural studies, sociology, and social history to show how certain types of family life are pathologised; highlights the discrepancies between contemporary representations of the `ideal' family and lived experience; compares the British experience with that of the United States and Australia. Representing the Family provides a rich and an engaging illustration of the ways in which the media produce meaning. It also demonstrates the ways in which critical social issues are played out across a range of discursive sites - academia, politics, and public policy.
Building and breaking families in the American West
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
The family life of black people
In many Western societies, there has been a tremendous increase in family diversity over the course of the past few decades, resulting in a considerable prevalence of non-traditional family forms. The increased instability of marital and nonmarital unions entails new challenges for both parents and children. In this special issue, family scholars from different disciplines examine from a life course perspective how re-partnering processes work and how family relationships are rearranged in order to adapt to the altered needs and requirements of post-separation family life. Recent demographic changes such as the rise in divorce rates have contributed to a loss of biographical security. From a life course perspective, partnership and parenthood biographies have become more complex, which has challenged the notion of a "normative biography“ of life-long marriage and the formation of a nuclear family with shared biological children. Thus, many individuals face the challenge of rearranging their lives after a separation of divorce, which includes not only the search for a new partnership but also the redefinition of existing ties to one's ex-partner (and often co-parent) and to one's biological and social children. Family life often becomes regulated legally (e.g. via custody arrangements), and even the basic definitions of the boundaries of post-separation families may be blurred. The contributions to this volume illustrate that post-divorce families are complex social units and that the involved individuals actively create their life courses in a social process.
Based on a large-scale qualitative longitudinal study of the life course conducted in the UK (Timescapes Study), this unique collection reveals close-up--and in their own words--the experiences of children and young people, parents, and older generations. The participants' lives and times are explored through multiple accounts of their changing trajectories. Collectively, the contributions examine family and generational relationships in all their complexity as they change and develop. Tackling a diverse group of people from varied backgrounds and geographical locations, each individual chapter is concerned with particular stages of the life course, delivering policy-relevant findings to address individual and family lives over time. "Understanding Families Over Time" also has a methodological twist: change and continuity through biographical, historical and generational time are integral aspects of the overall study.
Wilhelm Reich's life-energetically integrated social science approach as related to sociology and to the study of the child and the family in relation to societal development
Beggars and choosers : how the politics of choice shapes adoption, abortion, and welfare in the United States
Work and family life
The wise men know what wicked things are written on the sky
Family and social network : roles, norms, and external relationships in ordinary urban families
Politics of everyday life : continuity and change in work and the family
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
The family : contemporary perspectives and challenges : festschrift in honor of Wilfried Dumon
Families, health and illness : perspectives on coping and intervention
Handbook of family development and intervention
Current controversies in marriage and family
Couples, kids, and family life
The one-parent family in the 1980s : perspectives and annotated bibliography 1978-1984
Household and family in the Balkans : two decades of historical family research at University of Graz
The family : from institution to companionship
Opening the 'black box': food, eating and household relationships
Transformation in Estonia as reflected in families : insight into social stress and poverty
Stepfamilies : a guide to working with stepparents and stepchildren
Discussing Moudawana : perspectives on family law reform, gender equality and social change in Morocco
Family developmental tasks and happiness
Come with daddy : child murder-suicide after family breakdown
Middletown families : fifty years of change and continuity
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Working hard and making do : surviving in small town America
Family, marriage and parenthood
Problem solving in families : research and practice
Of human bonding : parent-child relations across the life course
Stepparenting : issues in theory, research, and practice
The family in Soviet Estonia : a sociological portrait
Sociology and social policy for the early years
The family functioning scale : a guide to research and practice
The abolitionists : the family and marriage under attack
Exploring family theories
Journal of family issues
Women's stories of divorce at childbirth : when the baby rocks the cradle
Recycling the family : remarriage after divorce
Thinking about the family : views of parents and children
Modern childhood? : exploring the 'child question' in sociology
Emerging conceptual frameworks in family analysis : with a new introduction for the 1980s
Sex, men, and babies : stories of awareness and responsibility
Family, sex segregation, juvenile delinquency and prevention
Next of kin : an international reader on changing families
Europe and the European family in the turn of the century : background paper of the conference of the I.U.F.O. European region (International union of family organisations), Vienna, 5-17 November 1982
Home and family : creating the domestic sphere
Widows and their families
Family communication : cohesion and change
Fathers : reflections by daughters
Marriage East and West
Making babies, making families : what matters most in an age of reproductive technologies, surrogacy, adoption, and same-sex and unwed parents
Normal family processes : growing diversity and complexity
The Anti-social family
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Caring and counting : the impact of mothers' employment on family relationships
The family in cross-cultural perspective
Representing the family
Family dynamics after separation : a life course perspective on post-divorce families
In search of identity : a comparative study of values: Croatia and Europe
Family development in three generations : a longitudinal study of changing family patterns of planning and achievement
Measurement of intergenerational relations
Toward a sustainable society : an economic, social and environmental agenda for our children's future
On the family and its development
The double life of the family
Understanding families over time : research and policy
Stepfamilies : who benefits? : who does not?
Family and social network : Roles, norms, a. external relationships in ordinary urban families
This collection brings together authors researching family responsibilities to examine understandings of the day to day responsibilities which people undertake within families and the role of the law in the construction of those understandings. The authors explore a range of questions fundamental to our understanding of 'responsibility' in family life: To whom, and to what ends, are family members responsible? Is responsibility primarily a matter of care? Can we fulfil our family responsibilities by paying those to whom we owe responsibility? Or by paying others to fulfill our caring obligations for us? In each of these circumstances the chapters in this collection explore what it means to have family responsibilities, what constitutes an adequate performance of such responsibilities and the point at which the state intervenes. At the heart of this collection is an interest in the way in which the changing family affects people's perception and exercise their family responsibilities, and how the law attempts to regulate (and understand) those responsibilities. The essays range across intact and separated or fragmented families, from lone and shared parenting in single homes to caring across households (and even across international boundaries) to reflect on the actual caring responsibilities of family members and on the fulfilment of financial responsibilities in families. This collection seeks to advance our understanding of the attempts of the law, and its limits, in regulating the responsibilities which family members take for each other.
Friends and lovers : gay men write about the families they create
Inside the family
Structural changes or individual preferences? : a study of unmarried cohabitation in Estonia
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Family theories : an introduction
Mapping intimacies : relations, exchanges, affects
Stepfamilies : history, research, and policy
World revolution and family patterns
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Cross-national differences in adoption of new ideologies and practices in family life
Families at risk
Give and take in families : studies in resource distribution
The family
Reassessing fatherhood : new observations on fathers and the modern family
Missuses and mouldrunners : an oral history of women pottery-workers at work and at home
The Japanese family system in transition : a sociological analysis of family change in postwar Japan
Modern Childhood? : Exploring the 'Child Question' in Sociology
Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe
The family, the market and the state in ageing societies
"Family and Civilization" is the magnum opus of Carle Zimmerman, a sociologist who taught for many years at Harvard University. In this unjustly forgotten work Zimmerman demonstrates the close and causal connections between the rise and fall of different types of families and the rise and fall of civilizations, particularly ancient Greece and Rome, medieval and modern Europe, and the United States. Zimmerman traces the evolution of family structure from tribes and clans to extended and large nuclear families to the small nuclear families and broken families of today. And he shows the consequences of each structure for the bearing and rearing of children; for religion, law, and everyday life; and for the fate of civilization itself. Originally published in 1947, this compelling analysis predicted many of today's cultural and social controversies and trends, including youth violence and depression, abortion and homosexuality, the demographic collapse of Europe and of the West more generally, and the displacement of peoples. This new edition, part of ISI Books' Background series, has been edited and abridged by cultural commentator James Kurth of Swarthmore College and includes essays on the text by Kurth, Allan Carlson, and Bryce Christensen.
Family and economy in modern society : edited by Paul Close and Rosemary Collins : foreword by David Morgan
Chinese student migration, gender and family
Thoughts on family, gender, generation and class : a festschrift to Ulla Björnberg
