http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7891 international operations
international operations
Retailers’ strategic responses to institutional pressures: the case of Finnish multinational retailers in Russia
People, international projects and public administration : interpreting the international human resource management frame
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Fédération Mondiale des Sourds : VI Congrès Paris 31 Juillet - 5 Aout 1971 : Le Sourd dans un Monde en évolution = The Deaf Person in the World in Evolution
Improving the quotation process of an after-sales unit
The new Central Asia : the regional impact of international actors
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1996-97
The effectiveness of aid in improving regulations : empirical evidence and the drivers of change in Rwanda
Science between the superpowers
Import-Export Business Plan
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
International opportunity recognition among Finnish SMEs : organic food SMEs in the Baltic Sea region
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
XI World Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : program
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Dimensions of international technology transfer : a literature review
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector’s Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs’ experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs’ structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
Bridging Japanese/North American differences
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
International human rights law accountability of international financial institutions : minimal elements
Alexey Goder and Tatiana Gromova share their experience in managing offshore development projects and remote project management. They summarize their experience in intellectual property protection, remote human resource management and financial models for outsourcing.
Develop a unique counseling approach for training clients, students, and target populations with Improving Intercultural Interactions, a pragmatic text that deals with concerns specific to intercultural experiences in counseling. Intended as a companion to the first volume by Brislin and Yoshida, this new book works from an educational model for counseling and presents training modules that are relevant for varying clusters of circumstances, from the world of business to the field of education. It builds upon the first book and deals with issues including ethics, ethnocultural identification, conflict and mediation across cultures, as well as empathy and cross-cultural communication. In addition, this practical text is full of exercises, activities, and self-assessment questions that promote growth and cultural awareness. By defining culture inclusively and broadly, the editors have compiled a unique collection of training modules that will be essential to professionals and researchers in a broad range of fields, including clinical/counseling psychology, educational psychology, social work, gender studies, sociology, cultural studies, ethnic studies, and management.
Internationalisation of higher education
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
Free and fair elections, and beyond : final report from The International Electoral Institute Commission
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Trefoil around the world : Girl Guiding and Girl Scouting in many lands
Developing international operations at the University of Helsinki
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1997-98
Plan européen d'échanges intermunicipaux : annuaire = European plan for inter-municipal exchanges : yearbook. 1956.
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
International diplomacy, state administrators and narcotics control : the origins of a social problem
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
States, markets and regimes in global finance
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
On the Brussels
Iran as potential business partner for Finnish SMEs
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish Higher education 1998-99
Helsingin yliopiston kansainvälinen toimintaohjelma 2004-2006 = International action plan for University of Helsinki, 2004-2006 = Åtgärdsprogram för Helsingfors universitets internationella verksamhet 2004-2006
International Summer Schools
Helsinki today : policy priorities for an international city
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
Kuopion kansainvälisen toimintaohjelman 1992 näkökohtia = Considerations of the 1992 international activity program of Kuopio
The assassination attempt against the pope and the roots of terrorism
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
A project as part of studies : case Artemis Orchestra
Repatriation management - experiences of the repatriates
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
Doing business in China
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
Elements of Nordic Practice 2005-2006: Finland
Floorball: facing the challenge of growth
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Abstract (s. 141).
Factors affecting pricing strategies for international industrial business
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Improving the Quotation Process of an After-Sales Unit
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
International entrepreneurship in the life sciences
Contemporary perspectives in comparative education
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
The thesis was commissioned by HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Degree Programme of Information Technology, Forssa. The thesis  describes the experiences and findings of HAMK teams participating in the Artemis Contests in seasons 2007 in Berlin, 2008 in Athens and 2009 in Nice. Also some suggestions for the contest arranger, participants and supporting organizations as well as for national and international university level cooperation in relation to organizing contestant teams and similar projects are provided.  A survey was conducted to collect experiences of the teams and team mem-bers by issuing a questionnaire and by interviewing team members. Also the project execution was reflected against Project Based Learning, PBL, as reported by HAMK's INSKE study, a report of a study on developing Bachelor Degree education. The main results are related to managing technology contest projects. The question of how to run an international project aimed at participating in a technology contest, has several aspects to be taken into account such as technological research and international relations. Any organization with very little prior experience in project work needs a tight discipline in reporting and documenting of individual work. The thesis includes suggestions for future contests such as Artemis Orchestra Contest and further use of the equipment built on the contestant projects as part of partner universities' international marketing
Global issues in the United Nations' framework
Towards Human Rights : abstracts
Implementing corporate responsibility through internal communication on a global scale
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
A development plan for an international partner network : case Jyväskylä Regional Development Company JYKES Ltd
Structuring international cooperation between enterprises
Executive summary (s. 3-7).
Development of interpersonal relationships in global virtual teams
The Fifth Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : Warszawa August 10-17 1967 : The Deaf Among Hearing People
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Turbulence in world politics : a theory of change and continuity
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
XI World Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : Equality : Self-Reliance
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possibilities and barriers of biobanks
"Over the past three years, the notorious @GSElevator Twitter feed has offered a hilarious, shamelessly voyeuristic look into the real world of international finance. Hundreds of thousands followed the account, Goldman Sachs launched an internal investigation, and when the true identity of the man behind it all was revealed, it created a national media sensation--but that's only part of the story.  Where @GSElevator captured the essence of the banking elite with curated jokes and submissions overheard by readers, Straight to hell adds John LeFevre's own story--an unapologetic and darkly funny account of a career as a globe-conquering investment banker spanning New York, London, and Hong Kong."--Amazon.com.
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
A better world, Inc. : how companies profit by solving global problems ... where governments cannot
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
Finland as a business environment for international e-commerce : the role of transport service providers in enabling international small enterprise e-commerce
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
The role of the ILO in technical co-operation : sixth item on the agenda
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
The 'double democratic deficit' : parliamentary accountability and the use of force under international auspices
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
XI World Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : list of participants
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1998-99
A dynamic business model for high-tech industry in a global environment : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
International securities markets
Turning consumers into partners : creating opportunities for business model innovation in retailing
XII World Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : Towards Human Rights : Vienna, Austria, 6-15 July 1995 : List of Participants/Teilnehmerliste
Developing future crisis management : an ethnographic journey into the community and practice of multinational experimentation
International relations in a changing world
Managing project business development : an inter-organizational and intra-organizational perspective
International collaboration : towards joint research activities in the strategic partnership
Sport and international understanding : proceeding of the congress held held in Helsinki, Finland, July 7-10, 1982
The Nordic Council and international co-operation : report of the Nordic Council's Committee on International Co-operation
Global monetary economics
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery, and billion-dollar deals
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
Retribution
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
Towards conceptually comprehensive and integrated theory of entrepreneurial opportunity
Global latinas : Latin Americas emerging multinationals
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Birgitta Kervinen: Sports organizations should see their role broadly
Useful recollections : excursion into the history of the international movement of journalists. 2
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possiblities and barriers of biobanks
Asia-Europe young artists' painting competition : the new millenium in my dreams
The Development of Haian Machinery Manufacturing Co. Ltd in the Internationalization
An imperfect offering : dispatches from the medical frontline
International business : the new realities
Towards a new ethical framework for a legal profession in transition? : proceedings of the European conference on ethics and the legal profession, held at the Ghent University (Belgium) on 25 and 26 October 2001
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
A guide to international outsourcing : how to achieve success and avoid common mistakes
Across the street, around the world : a handbook for cultural exchange
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Useful recollections : excursion into the history of the international movement of journalists. 1
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
International negotiation : the United Nations in Afghanistan &  Cambodia
European co-operation today
Eastern inland International Summer Term -website : a case study on internet marketing
Africa, the Middle East and the new international economic order
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
Set of recommendations for Maspart Finland Oy to enter Russian market
Summary information on the role of international fishery and other bodies with regard to the conservation and management of living resources of the high seas
Global think tanks : policy networks and governance
The Clients’ Perceptions of the UK as a Business Location and the Services of UK Trade and Investment
Nongovernmental forces and world politics : a study of business, labor, and political groups
Software business expansion through distribution channel : Case M-Files - Denmark
The World camp : Foxlease 1924.
Improving intercultural interactions : modules for cross-cultural training programs. Vol. 2
Counterterrorism
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
Business networks in e-commerce internationalization : two Finnish companies targeting Russia
Internationalisation of Russian firms to Finland : case study of Russian SMEs
Finnish summary.
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Emergency relief sector : doing business with the United Nations
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to model and analyze the quotation process of area managers at a global company. Process improvement requires understanding the fundamentals of the process. The study was conducted a case study. Data comprised of internal documentation of the case company, literature, and semi-structured, themed interviews of process performers and stakeholders. The objective was to produce model of the current state of the process. The focus was to establish a holistic view of the roles and overall composition of the process. The analysis of the current state utilized principles of business process management. The identified challenges were evaluated by their criticality to produce a condensed body for the analysis. Each challenge was addressed individually against theories of process improvement. The study progressed iteratively. The output was a list of suggested improvement points with appropriate methods of achieving the desired changes.  It was found that processes are utilitarian and effective, but require planning and continuous improvement. The intra-connectedness of multiple processes forms complex entities, thus validating the need for business process management. The transformation of business strategy requires reformations in the everyday functions and processes. This study aims to bridge the successful processes of today with those in the strategic scope of the future.  The study has use as an informative document to communicate the purpose and structure of the process. The findings of the study received confirmation from the results of a yearly customer survey and a concurrent operational improvement project.
Global marketing management : a casebook
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
The socio-economic impact of transnational corporation on mining community and artisanal small-scale miners : a case study of Mererani Tanzania
English abstract.
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Finnish cleantech SMEs in China : challenges and solutions
Designing a model for business training in Finnish biotechnology companies
Worldwide volunteering : hundreds of volunteer opportunities for gap year, holiday or vacation projects
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Rights, liability and ethics in international legal practice
Suomen Akatemian kansainvälisen toiminnan strategia = Finlands Akademis internationella strategi = Academy of Finland international strategy
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
European Union of Deaf : Sign Language Conference Brussels 25th - 26th September 1997 : Full Citizenship through Sign Language
UNDERSTANDING THE PHENOMENON OF EARLY AND RAPID INTERNATIONALIZATION  : CASE COMPANY Veslatec Oy
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
Humanitarian challenges and intervention : world politics and the dilemmas of help
Foreign direct investments : an empirical analysis of decision making in seven Finnish firms
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
50 years for education
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Legitimacy through constructive engagement : an institutional pressure perspective to primary sector MNE social sustainability in the Republic of Liberia
Creating global governance : the role of non-governmental organizations in the United Nations
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Finnish performing arts take off
Using the new technologies to create links between schools throughout the world : Colloquy on Computerised School Links, Crossmead Conference Centre, Exeter, Devon, United Kingdom, 17-20 October 1988 : report
Partnering as a strategy to approach new markets : case Anders Inno
An international bookmobile
International assignments in strategic leadership development : Single case study
Building competence to manage contractual claims in international construction environment : the case of Finnish contractors
