http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p789 officers (military personnel)
officers (military personnel)
Nationalist in the Viet Nam wars : memoirs of a victim turned soldier
The Stilwell papers
World military leaders : a biographical dictionary
Impatience of the heart
The lieutenant's lover
Legio X Fretensis : a prosopographical study of its officers (I-III c. A.D.)
Higher officer education in Finland before the Winter War
The officer's lover
A soldier's story of the Allied campaigns from Tunis to the Elbe
The battle of Tsu-shima between the Japanese and Russian fleets, fought on 27th may 1905
Citizen Sherman : a life of William Tecumseh Sherman
Jaegir : Beasts within
Admiral of the Pacific : the life of Yamamoto
Secret Germany : Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
Hands on the hilt : a brief history of Finnish officer training
Catherine the Great & Potemkin : the imperial love affair
Throne of Jade
The gun that changed the world
A prince of our disorder : the life of T. E. Lawrence
Death comes to Pemberley
Temeraire. [1] : [His Majesty's dragon]
Kiel and Jutland
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
The Pacific
Escape from the Third Reich : Folke Bernadotte and the white buses
The Alexander memoirs 1940-1945
Military terminology in Finnish officer training
The Relationship between cooper test and academic performance in National Defence University cadets
The boy in the striped pyjamas : a fable
Summary.
Responsibilities of the future soldier and military leader : military ethics today
Submarines in arctic waters : (memoirs)
Admiralty manual of seamanship. Vol. 3, Advanced seamanship
Love for a soldier
Army officers in Arab politics and society
Personal memoirs of U. S. Grant
Lord John and the hand of devils
Born a soldier : the times and life of Larry A Thorne
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
The troubled man
Niels Juel : a Danish admiral of the 17th century
Hadrian's Wall and its people
The career of a tsarist officer : memoirs, 1872-1916
Army and people : the Soviet government and the corps of officers
With Lawrence in Arabia
The Scottish prisoner : a novel
The Hitler I knew : the memoirs of the Third Reich's press chief
War studies : perspectives from the Baltic and Nordic war colleges
In this companion book to the HBO series on the war in the Pacific, historian Hugh Ambrose focuses on five American soldiers who each took an active role in the difficult and costly, in terms of lives, campaign to reach the Japanese mainland. Ambrose recounts key battles: Guadalcanal, Midway, Okinawa, and the lesser-known Peleliu, and he provides a soldier's eye view of the events, conveying the great valor and sacrifices of those in uniform.
The Gehlen memoirs : the first full edition of the memoirs of general Reinhard Gehlen 1942-1971
Across the River and Into the Trees
Neglected giant
The entry of Finnish officers into Russian military service 1809-1917
Mannerheim : the years of preparation
Tormented warrior : Ludendorff and the Supreme Command
Black powder war
The essential T. E. Lawrence
Victory of eagles
Winners in peace : MacArthur, Yoshida, and postwar Japan
Codename Valkyrie  : general Friedrich Olbricht and the plot against Hitler
The general
Gentlemen of the Raj : the Indian Army Officer Corps, 1817-1949
Seven houses in France
Lawrence of Arabia : a biographical enquiry
A soldier's way : an autobiography
A officer's duty
The American federal executive : a study of the social and personal characteristics of the civilian and military leaders of the United States federal government
Memoirs of general W. T. Sherman
Fred's war
Lord John and the brotherhood of the blade
Herman Göring - fighter ace : the World War I career of Germany's most infamous airman
Stalin and his generals : soviet military memoirs of world war II
Secret Germany : Claus von Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
The other side of the hill : Germany's generals, their rise and fall, with their own account of military events 1939-1945
Gustaf Mannerheim in Sinkiang and Northern China in 1906-1908
Kitchener : hero and anti-hero
The Forty-first
Valkyrie  : the plot to kill Hitler
A bright shining lie : John Paul Vann and America in Vietnam
I'll never go back : a Red Army officer talks
Hardship
Swords and plowshares
The Naval officer's manual
My adventures as a spy
Sisällysluettelo: 1. Hitler as leader of "party, state, and armed forces" -- Character and talent -- From popular leader to gambler with destiny -- Hitler's foreign policy during the war -- Hitler the soldier -- The leader state : chaos in leadership -- The Führer's will and the will of the people -- pt. 2. Scenes from Hitler's life -- Postscript.
The boy in the striped pajamas ; a fable
Seven pillars of wisdom : a triumpf
Government leaders, military rulers, and political activists
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Tojo : the last banzai
The junior officers' reading club : killing time and fighting wars
Peng Te-huai : the man and the image
Professional calling of the Finnish soldier of late modernity
Across the river and into the trees
The first casualty
"T. E. Lawrence" : in Arabia and after
Empire of ivory
His Majesty's dragon
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Companion book to the HBO miniseries.
The Harper encyclopedia of military biography
The mint : a day-book of the R. A. F. Depot between August and December 1922
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Man and boy
Officers = Ofitsery
My American journey
Abstract.
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Beware of pity
The Armed Forces officer
Special ops heroes
The Colonel of Tamarkan: Philip Toosey and the Bridge on the River Kwai
"Våra landsmän" : Finnish officers in Russian service, 1809-1917 : a selection of documents
Tree of smoke
Gordon : an intimate portrait
Eichmann in Hungary : documents
Shake hands with the devil : the failure of humanity in Rwanda
The trials
Military higher education : papers of the international conference on military higher education organized by the Education and Science Department of Ministry of Defence and Miklós Zrínyi National Defence University, Budapest, 23-24. November 1998.
The memoirs of Field-Marshal the Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, K. G.
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Officer's dinner in the 19th century style
A plague of zombies : an Outlander novella
The custom of the army : an outlander novella
Moltke, Schlieffen and Prussian war planning
An officer and a spy
Throne of jade
Six weeks : The short life of The British Officer in the First World War
Soviet officers
A man without breath
Memoirs of an infantry officer
Darth Vader and the Ghost Prison
Ludendorff : soldier : dictator : revolutionary
The swordbearers : supreme command in the first world war
The jungle is neutral : a soldier's three-year jungle escape from the Japanese Army
My impression of China : China's image in the eyes of foreign officers
