http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7897 instincts
instincts
Instinctive behavior : the development of modern concept
Everyone has questions about language. Some are from everyday experience: Why do immigrants struggle with a new language, only to have their fluent children ridicule their grammatical errors? Why can't computers converse with us? Why is the hockey team in Toronto called the Maple Leafs, not the Maple Leaves? Some are from popular science: Have scientists really reconstructed the first language spoken on earth? Are there genes for grammar? Can chimpanzees learn sign language? And some are from our deepest ponderings about the human condition: Does our language control our thoughts? How could language have evolved? Is language deteriorating? Today laypeople can chitchat about black holes and dinosaur extinictions, but their curiosity about their own speech has been left unsatisfied - until now. In The Language Instinct, Steven Pinker, one of the world's leading scientists of language and the mind, lucidly explains everything you always wanted to know about language: how it works, how children learn it, how it changes, how the brain computes it, how it evolved. But The Language Instinct is no encyclopedia. With wit, erudition, and deft use of everyday examples of humor and wordplay, Pinker weaves our vast knowledge of language into a compelling theory: that language is a human instinct, wired into our brains by evolution like web spinning in spiders or sonar in bats. The theory not only challenges conventional wisdom about language itself (especially from the self-appointed "experts" who claim to be safe-guarding the language but who understand it less well than a typical teenager). It is part of a whole new vision of the human mind: not a general-purpose computer, but a collection of instincts adapted to solving evolutionarily significant problems - the mind as a Swiss Army knife. Entertaining, insightful, provocative, The Language Instinct will change the way you talk about talking and think about thinking.
The primordial emotions : the dawning of consciousness
The invention of altruism : making moral meanings in Victorian Britain
Dogs that know when their owners are coming home : and other unexplained powers of animals
See, feel, think, do : the power of instinct in business
Paul Lawrence and Nitin Nohria have studied the way people behave in the arena of human behavior--the workplace--and from their work they produce a book that examines the four separate and distinct emotive drives that guide human behavior and influence the choices people make: the drives to acquire, bond, learn, and defend. They ultimately show that, just as advances in information technology have spurred the New Economy in the last quarter of the twentieth century, current advances in biology will be the key to understanding humans and organizations in the new millennium.
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
The 'language instinct' debate
Rethinking the medieval senses : heritage, fascinations, frames
Nuorten 27. näyttely : Helsingin Taidehalli = De ungas 27. utställning : Helsingfors Konsthall = The exhibition of the young artists : 1.7. - 4.8.1974
Migration and homing in animals
Sex and repression in savage society
The ghost sister
Basic psychoanalytic concepts on the theory of instincts
The art instinct : beauty, pleasure & human evolution
On the way to fun : an emotion-based approach to successful game design
"In The Invention of Altruism, Thomas Dixon traces this new language of 'altruism' as it spread through British culture between the 1850s and the 1900s, and in doing so provides a new portrait of Victorian moral thought." "Drawing attention to the importance of Comtean positivism in setting the agenda for debates about science and religion, this volume challenges received ideas about both Charles Darwin and Herbert Spencer as moral philosophers. This wide-ranging study in the history of ideas is highly relevant to contemporary debates about altruism, evolution, religion, and ethics."--BOOK JACKET.
The study of instinct
Pets in the wild
The language instinct : the new science of language and mind
The paradoxical primate
Basic instincts : human nature and the new economics
Blink : the power of thinking without thinking
Human instinct
"Instinct" and "intelligence" : the behaviour of animals and man
Educating Eve : the 'language instinct' debate
Instinct : an enduring problem in psychology : selected readings
Studies in sociology
Learning and instinct in animals
The language instinct
Driven : how human nature shapes our choices
Sensory perceptual issues in autism and Asperger syndrome : different sensory experiences - different perceptual worlds
The language instinct : how the mind creates language
The red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature
Motivation and personality
Intuition is not some magical and mysterious property that arises unbidden from the depths of our mind. This book shows us how we can hone our instinctive ability to know in an instant, helping us to bring out the best in our thinking and become better decision-makers in our everyday life.
The art instinct : beauty, pleasure, & human evolution
