http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7909 Myxomycetes
Myxomycetes slime moulds
Conclusions on myxomycetes compiled over twenty-five years from 4793 moist chamber cultures
Coprophilous myxomycetes : updated summary, key to species, and taxonomic observations on Trichia brunnea, Arcyria elaterensis, and Arcyria stipata
II Congreso Internacional de sistemática y ecoloǵia de Myxomycetes, Madrid Abril de 1996/ April 1996 = ICSEM 2 : programa científico, lista de participantes, conferencia inaugural, resúmenes de las ponencias invitadas, mesas redondas, ponencias libres y carteles = Second International congress on the systematics and ecology of Myxomycetes = scientific programme, list of participants, inaugural lecture, abstracts of general lectures, workshop presentations, oral presentations and posters
Tanzanian Myxomycetes to the end of 1995
Myxomycetes of the Taimyr Peninsula (north-central Siberia)
Corticolous myxomycetes and other epiphytic cryptogams on seven native tree species in Hunan Province, China
SEM studies of the Myxomycetes from the Penisula of Baja California (Mexico), III. Additions
Some myxomycetes from Dar es Salaam (Tanzania) developed in moist chamber cultures
Krasnaâ kniga prirody Leningradskoj oblasti = Red data book of nature of the Leningrad Region. T. 2, Rasteniâ i griby
Tanzanian Myxomycetes and their ecology
How to know the true slime molds
Correspondence between K. Minakata and A. & G. Lister
On corticolous Myxomycetes in northern Finland and Norway
Taxonomy of the Indian Myxomycetes
Third international congress on the systematics and ecology of Myxomycetes Beltsville, Maryland U.S.A. July 26-30, 1999 = ICSEM 3 : scientific program, list of participants, and abstracts of oral and poster presentations
Field and moist chamber collections of Paraguay myxomycetes
Observations on the genus Amaurochaete (Myxomycetes), and a European record of A. trechispora
Dictyostelium : evolution, cell biology, and the development of multicellularity
Specimens of the Myxomycetes in the Showa Emperor Hirohito's collections
Myxomycetes from state of São Paulo, Brazil
Myxomycetes of Ohio : their systematics, biology, and use in teaching
Myxomycetes of Poland : a checklist = Krytyczna lista śluzowców Polski
Myxomycetes
Śluzowce Puszczy Białowieskiej = Myxomycetes of the Białowiez̊a Forest
Abstract.
A new species of Stemonitis (Myxomycetes) from Japan
Myxomycetes of the Usambara Mountains, NE Tanzania
A new coprophilous species of Perichaena (Myxomycetes) from the Russian Arctic (the Taimyr Peninsula and the Chukchi Peninsula)
Myxomycetes, an unexplored class of fungi in Tanzania
Corticolous myxomycetes from Turkey
New records of Myxomycetes to the Åland Islands
Revision of Physarum pezizoideum var. pezizoideum and var. microsporum (Myxomycetes)
We present eight species of Myxomycetes new to the Åland Islands: Arcyodes incarnata, Arcyria major, Cribraria argillacea, Didymium nigripes, Physarum auriscalpium, Stemonitis foliicola, Stemonitopsis typhina and Trichia contorta. The record of S. foliicola is the second in Finland. Specimens were collected mainly in September 2013. Altogether the number of Myxomycetes species found from the Åland Islands is now 49.
A complement to T cell immunity
Myxomycetes of Turkey
A check-list of Finnish Myxomycetes
Myxomycetes of Hunan Province, China.1
Oral immune defense against chronic hyperplastic candidosis
The Myxomycetes of Norway
Polska bibliografia śluzowców (Myxomycetes) = The Polish bibliography of slime moulds (Myxomycetes)
A checklist of Tanzanian myxomycetes
Candida proteinases in the degradation of oral mucosal tissue components associated with Candida invasion
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
Ultrastructure of cyst-like fungal bodies in myxomycete fruiting bodies
The taxonomic study of Japanese dictyostelid cellular slime molds
Slime-mold beetles of the genus Agathidium Panzer in North and Central America. Part 1-2, Coleoptera:Leiodidae
Myxomycetes : a handbook of slime molds
Ultrastructure of Barbeyella minutissima (Myxomycetes)
Comatricha nannengae, a new species of Myxomycetes
Common Interior Alaska cryptogams : fungi, lichenicolous fungi, lichenized fungi, slime molds, mosses and liverworts
The Myxomycetes
Species of myxomycetes new to Sweden with additional records of some rarely collected species
Additions and amendments to the myxomycetes in Finland
New and rare myxomycetes of Ukraine. 1., East Forest-Steppe
