http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7904 modernisation
modernisation
Personality disorders in modern life
A young Muslim's guide to the modern world
Globalization, modernity, and the city
Theories of nationalism
World patterns of modern urban change : essays in honor of Chauncy D. Harris
Britain as a model of modern society? : German views
Philosophical and cultural interpretations of Russian modernisation
Modernization as pseudomorphosis : a contribution to the debate about the future of Russia
Lifelong learning and experience : papers and perspectives of the 1st International Summer School of the Graduate School in Lifelong Learning
Introduction to Korean history and culture
Islam and modernity : key issues and debates
Unmodern men in the modern world : radical Islam, terrorism, and the war on modernity
China's brave new world and other tales for global times
Berlin coquette : prostitution and the new German woman, 1890/1933
Modern China : a very short introduction
Foreign direct investment in Hungary: The effects on the modernization of the manufacturing industry and the demand for labor
Civilization and modernization : proceedings of the Russian-Chinese conference 2012
Nuclear Iran : the birth of an atomic state
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
Historical consciousness, historiography, and modern Japanese values
Modernization in Africa : a social and psychological model of analysis
Varieties within capitalism? : the modernisation of French and Italian savings banks, 1980-2000
The state and rural class formation in Ghana : a comparative analysis
Contemporary India
Pieties and gender
Establishing a Pure Land on earth : the Foguang Buddhist perspective on modernization and globalization
Trust in international environmental cooperation in  Northwestern Russia
The origin of capitalism
Japan's competing modernities : issues in culture and democracy, 1900-1930
Waiting for reform under Putin and Medvedev
Modernity and technology
During Denmark's 'Golden Age' (c. 1800 to 1850), Copenhagen came into being as a modern city on the urban-cultural level. This book examines this period in the city's history, just before the establishment of some of the main features of the modernisation of cities associated with industrialisation, such as street lighting, sewer systems, and working class quarters. Having briefly set out the historical and topographical context, it assess the work of the most prominent architect of the period, C.F. Hansen in transforming the city physically, before moving on to consider writings by three citizens of Copenhagen, the philosopher Soren Kierkegaard, the novelist Thomasine Gyllembourg and the criminal Ole Kollerod, all of whom write about the city's institutional structure and urban. In doing so, the book not only gives the full picture of these people's lives, but focuses on the way they see themselves as part of the city and on the ambiguities in the way they picture this relationship. It is significant that they reflect on urban life at a time when the city in European thinking began to take on characteristics of ambiguous belonging and alienation while still holding on to some pre-modern motifs of a symbolic order. By including three very different citizens, the book evokes an example of a stratified civic order whose inherent contrariness in fact highlights significant features of the emergent order of the modern city. It investigates how urban life in Golden Age Copenhagen is experienced and structured socially, institutionally, and architecturally, using a broad historical source material spanning urban anecdotes, biography, philosophy, literature, and visual culture. In doing so, it offers insights into the processes of cultural re-orientation involved in the transition from traditional Baroque culture to what might be termed Romantic culture in this short period and the effects it has had on the development of the modern order of this city.
Prelude to the modernist crisis : the "Firmin" articles of Alfred Loisy
Two nations : Britain in 1846
Religious education between modernization and globalization
3.1 Undonggwa 1919-nyeonui segyesajeok uiui = The significance of Korea's March First Independence Movement and the year 1919 in world history
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Marxism, modernity, and postcolonial studies
Traditional Islam in the modern world
The Atatürk Revolution : a paradigm of modernization
Modernism and public reform in late imperial Russia : rural professionals and self-organisation, 1905-30
Tibetan modernities : notes from the field on cultural and social change
Southeast Asian middle classes : prospects for social change and democratisation
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
Urban community development
The Robert Bellah reader
Mandarins of the future : modernization theory in cold war America
Train : riding the rails that created the modern world : from the Trans-Siberian to the Southwest Chief
Modernity at large : cultural dimensions of globalization
The sociology of Islam : secularism, economy and politics
Globalization in a Tibetan village
China's economic, environmental and social development in crossfire : province-specific analysis of China's ecological modernization and sustainability
Urban theory : a critical introduction to power, cities and urbanism in the 21st century
Lost in mall : an ethnography of middle-class Jakarta in the 1990s
Reformation : the dangerous birth of the modern world
Hindu selves in a modern world : guru faith in the Mata Amritanandamayi Mission
Rituals in abundance : critical reflections on the place, form, and identity of Christian ritual in our culture
Crisis and renewal in France, 1918-1962
Modernization of the countryside as a challenge to Finnish ethnology
Modern revival of Momoyama ceramics : turning point toward modernization of ceramics
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
Weber and the Weberians
Tokugawa religion : the cultural roots of modern Japan
Islam in Europe : the lure of fundamentalism and the allure of cosmopolitanism
Time, capitalism and alienation : a socio-historical inquiry into the making of modern time
Welfare states : construction, deconstruction, reconstruction. Vol. 1, Analytical approaches
X-Ray : examining the China enigma
Participatory learning : religious education in a globalizing society
The face of God : the Gifford lectures 2010
China's economy
Constructing China : the interaction of culture and economics
Retro-modern India : forging the low-caste self
Technology and the culture of modernity in Britain and Germany, 1890-1945
Melanesian modernities
New directions in contemporary architecture : evolutions and revolutions in building design since 1988
Secularization and the world religions
Constituting the Minangkabau : peasants, culture, and modernity in colonial Indonesia
Habermas and theology
Modernization and social change : studies in modernization, religion, social change and development in South-East Asia
The real modern : literary modernism and the crisis of representation in colonial Korea
Secularization : an analysis at three levels
Does modernization mean westernization? : a comparative study of two novels from the late 19th to early 20th centuries by Chinua Achebe and Ch'ien Chung-shu
The challenge to friendship in modernity
VI meždunarodnaâ konferenciâ "Problemy literatur Dal'nego Vostoka ", 25-29 tûnâ 2014 g. : tezisy i doklady "Tibeskaâ pis'mennaâ tradiciâ i sovremennost'" = 6th International scientific conference "Issues of Far Eastern literatures", June 25-29, 2014 : abstracts and papers of the panel "Modernizing the Tibetan literatury tradition
"A broad-ranging introduction to politics and society in India, set in a historical and cultural context. Written by two expert authors it assumes no prior knowledge but aims to provide a balanced and nuanced understanding of the key issues that have faced India since independence and the challenges it confronts in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Welfare states : construction, deconstruction, reconstruction. Vol. 3, Legitimation, achievement and integration
Modernizing peasant societies : a comparative study in Asia and Africa
Readings in modernity in Africa
Christianity and sexuality in the early modern world : regulating desire, reforming practice
Modernization : the dynamics of growth
Modernising the welfare state : the Blair legacy
Rethinking modernization : anthropological perspectives
Handing on the faith in an age of disbelief : lectures given at the Church of Notre-Dame de Fourvière in Lyons, France, and at Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris
"In the 1980s, sensational stories about an 'emerging new middle class' popped up simultaneously in the streets of Jakarta and at conferences of hopeful Indonesia watchers. Businesspeople and professionals had profited from President Suharto's rapid economic success, and were allegedly eager to not only to show off their new wealth, but to boost democratization processes as well. They and their families were the vanguard of a category of Jakartans who regarded themselves boldly as the 'normal, modern, educated middle class' of Indonesia--against the background of a profound and state-induced depoliticization. Apart from fostering a new consumer culture, the new middle class was at the root of the expansion of the conurbation Jabotabek, housing hundreds of thousands of newly arrived middle-class members. Meanwhile, a new and huge gap between rich and poor became conspicuously visible in Jakarta. During the 1990s, the increasing political instability of the New Order government and the Asian monetary crisis led to the dramatic resignation of President Suharto in May 1998. In this study, based on extensive anthropological fieldwork throughout the 1990s, this new middle class is examined as a socio-cultural phenomenon. Despite a global orientation and a taste for democracy, its members seemed to have internalized the New Order along with some lingering late-colonial notions as their guidelines for life. How 'new' was the new middle class anyway? Lifestyle and material culture practices in the suburb of Bintaro Raya--in public space as well as in the intimacy of living rooms--illustrate the everyday ambiguity of people who appear to be trapped in their imagined middle-classness: they were 'lost in mall'."--Publisher's description
China's new foreign policy : military modernisation, multilateralism and the 'China threat'
Nation, governance, and modernity in China : Canton, 1900-1927
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
Explores how Islam can be reconciled with modernity to end terrorism, sectarian warfare and the repression of women and minorities
Piety and modernity
" The definitive history of the Middle East, thoroughly revised and updated through 2012. One of the most crucial, volatile, and complex regions of the modern world, the Middle East has long confounded the dreams of conquerors and peacemakers alike. This now-classic book, fully updated to 2012 and still the essential work on the subject, follows the historic struggles of the Middle East from Napoleon's campaign in Egypt and Syria, through the slow decline and fall of the Ottoman Empire, to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the history of Islam and its recent resurgence. For this fourth edition, Economist correspondent Nicolas Pelham contributes an extensive new section examining recent developments throughout the Middle East, including the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan, the situation in Iran, the region's relations with the United States under President Obama, the Arab Spring, and more"--
Mobility and modernity in women's novels, 1850s-1930s : women moving dangerously
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
Scenes from the enlightenment : a novel of manners
The emergence of a modern city : golden age Copenhagen, 1800-1850
Beyond essence : Ernst Troeltsch as historian and theorist of Christianity
The role of education in the social and economic development of Japan
Turkey : a modern history
Priests, prelates, and people : a history of European Catholicism since 1750
Futures of modernity : challenges for cosmopolitical thought and practice
East Asian sexualities : modernity, gender & new sexual cultures
"With his theory of communicative rationality, Jürgen Habermas has been one of the most influential social philosophers of the 20th century and a major dialogue partner for theology in the different stages of his work. Systematic and practical theology, theory of religious education and theological ethics have offered creative receptions and astute critiques. The book explores Habermas's renewal of Critical Theory of the first generation of the Frankfurt School through his paradigm change from the philosophy of consciousness to language. His postmetaphysical understanding of philosophy and the foundations of his discourse ethics are followed up into his recent demand for a species ethics in critique of genetic enhancement. The philosophical critiques of his work that are relevant for theology are explained and the successive phases of his view of religion are traced: supersessionism, co-existence, and finally cooperation in offering specific resources and shared criteria for public debate on the future directions of a technologically shaped pluralist culture"--Publisher's site.
The teahouse fire : [a novel]
Gods, guns, and globalization : religious radicalism and international political economy
Sino-Christian studies in China
The dark side of modernity
The Russian economy in 2009 : steep decline despite crisis management
Different paths to modernity : a Nordic and Spanish perspective
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
The Idea of the modern in literature and the arts
A history of the Middle East
India's railway history : a research handbook
Down to earth economy : the discursive contribution of sustainable consumption and production debate
Erotic grotesque nonsense : the mass culture of Japanese modern times
Questions of modernity
"This is a history of the Middle East; we cannot categorize using one or the other of the Middle East selections given"--
Ungrounded empires : the cultural politics of modern Chinese transnationalism
"Examines the critical and literary production of Pak T'aewon, Kim Yujŏng, and Yi T'aejun, whose works confront the "crisis of representation" from loss of faith in language as a vehicle of meaningful reference to the world. Bridging literary and colonial studies, this re-reading of modernist fiction within the imperial context illuminates links between literary practice and colonial discourse"--Provided by publisher.
Moves in modernity
Inventing the Modern World : technology since 1750
The Wahhabi mission and Saudi Arabia
China's coastal cities : catalysts for modernization
The chapters address the diversity and variety of everyday sexual lives and sexual politics in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Japan. They range from workplace sexual cultures, trans-national sexual relations, the conditions of sex-work and the emergence of new sexual desires, cultures and movements. The contributors highlight the gendered and sexual consequences of globalization and rapid social change. In doing so, they engage with western debates on late modernity while also exploring the contested understandings of modernization and westernization in the East. This is a collection which illuminates the local situations in which women's sexual lives are lived and offers fresh perspectives on global issues.
The theological origins of modernity
John Locke and modern life
Muslim modernities : expressions of the civil imagination
Nippon modern : Japanese cinema of the 1920s and 1930s
Religion and politics : cultural perspectives
Modernity : an introduction to modern societies
Mobility, markets, and indigenous socialities : contemporary migration in the Peruvian Andes
Domesticating social change : Estonian home in transition
Farmer perspectives on the usefulness of technologies introduced by on-farm research : the case of the TARP II-SUA programme
Subjectivity in the twenty-first century : psychological, sociological, and political perspectives
The neo-liberal state
Modernization trends in Southeast Asia
From the reindeer path to the highway and back : understanding the movements of Khanty reindeer herders in Western Siberia
Democracy in modern Iran : Islam, culture, and political change
Populist collaborators : the Ilchinhoe and the Japanese colonization of Korea, 1896-1910
Modern Japan : a social and political history
Liberalism, modernity, and the nation : empire, identity, and India
Connected sociologies
Postwar : a history of Europe since 1945
Thermocline of art : New Asian waves : [ZKM / Museum of Contemporary Art Karlsruhe, June 15 - October 21, 2007] / Wonil Rhee, Peter Weibel, Gregor Jansen (editors)
The king
The peripheral centre : essays on Japanese history and civilization
Modern Japan. aspects of history, literature and society
Whither China and the Communist Party regime? : remembering June Fourth after twenty-five years
Japan and Asian modernities
Legacy system evolution - A comparative study of modernisation and replacement initiation factors
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
The churches
Heretic : why Islam needs a reformation now
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
Catholics and protestants : agricultural modernization in two German villages
Modernizing missions : approaches to "developing" the non-western world after 1945
Eastern Europe and the challenges of modernity, 1800-2000
God's jury : the inquisition and the making of the modern world
Changing relations : achieving intimacy in a time of social transition
Korean families : continuity and change
Letters to Father Aristotle : a journey through contemporary American Orthodoxy
Bangkok : then and now
A new wave of government innovation in Korea
Poetics of early historical novel : two pioneers in Finland
Attitudes toward modernization in Libya : data from a pilot study
The Turkish identity politics of modernisation : islam and the west
Modernization : protest and change
Cultural encounters in the Arab world : on media, the modern and the everyday
Orthodoxy, process and product
After anti-Catholicism : John Henry Newman and Protestant Britain, 1845-c. 1890
The passing of traditional society : modernizing the Middle East
