http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7906 social change
social change
Socio-economic studies of two villages : Esanakorai and Peruvalanallur, Lalgudi Taluk
Disintegration and re-integration of a rural society in the process of economic development : the second survey of a tank-based village in Tamil Nadu
The cultural transition : human experience and social transformation in the Third World and Japan
Chicken and egg : electronics and social change in India
Social change in a dry village in South India : an interim report
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
Studies in social change
Social entrepreneurship : new models of sustainable social change
The transition of social life in China (Since 1978)
Sociology : social structure and change
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
Social change : the advent and maturation of modern society
Social conditions in Britain : 1918-1939
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The process of medical change in a highland Guatemalan town
Socially influencing systems:persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Religion, politics, and social change in the Third World : a sourcebook
Modernization in Africa : a social and psychological model of analysis
Economic restructuring, coping strategies and social change : implications for institutional development in Africa
Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change : perspectives on northern enlightenment
The industries of the future
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
Transition to adulthood
Modern romance
Deviance and social change
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Modelling of consumer behaviour and wealth distribution
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Radical research : designing, developing and writing research to make a difference
Social psychology : understanding human interaction
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Making social technologies work : leveraging the power and managing perils of social technologies in business
Evolutionary theory in the social sciences. Vol. 4, Social evolution and institutional economics
British society since 1945
The cautious revolution : Britain today and tomorrow
Women in grassroots communication : furthering social change
Trajectories of three women's groups in urbanizing Senegal : observing social capital and livelihoods in Rufisque
Society and economic growth : a behavioral perspective of social change
Critical perspectives on imperialism and social class in the Third World
The aquarian conspiracy : personal and social transformation in the 1980s
Trust and social transformation : theoretical approaches and empirical findings from Russia
Threefold harmony and societal transformation
Politics of development in the Barents region
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
"Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change: Perspectives on Northern Enlightenment" offers new accounts of the impact of Enlightenment ideas in Scandinavia, with a particular focus on the transnational and revolutionary role of the new periodical press.
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
The role of the family in the development process
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Social change and history : aspects of the Western theory of development
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
Surviving Goma : African families in change
The unintended consequences of social action
Explorations in social change
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
The planning of change : readings in the applied behavioral sciences
The post-industrial society : tomorrow's social history: classes, conflicts and culture in the programmed society
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
The evolution of cognitive maps : new paradigms for the twenty-first century
The great transformation : social change in Taipei, Taiwan since the 1960s
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Red Square blues : a beginner's guide to the decline and fall of the Soviet Union
Evolutionary theory in the social sciences. Vol. 2, Evolutionary social science
The family, politics and social theory
Research in action : theories and practices for innovation and social change
Our common interest : an argument
Irish travellers : the unsettled life
The New French Revolution : a social & economic survey of France 1945-1967
Small town in mass society : class, power and religion in a rural comminty
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Social change
Report of the World Summit for Social Development, Copenhagen, 6-12 March 1995 : a preliminary version
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
The origin of cultures : how individual choices make cultures change
Understanding economic process
Industrialization as an agent of social change : a critical analysis
Tradition, change, and modernity
Transcaucasia, nationalism, and social change : essays in the history of Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Evolutionary theory in the social sciences. Vol. 3, Evolution and revolution
The post-industrial society : Tomorrow's social history: classes, conflicts and culture in the programmed society
Interest conflict and political change in Brazil
The planning of change
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Socio-cultural change in rural villages in Tiruchirapalli district, Tamilnadu, India. Part 2, No. 2, Modern period
Winds of change : social, societal and moral change in Agatha Christie's Miss Marple novels
The theories of Talcott Parsons : the social relations of action
Information technologies and social transformation
Processes and phenomena of social change
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
English society, 1580 - 1680
The role of the entrepreneur in social change in Northern Norway
Family careers : developmental change in families
Handbook on the study of social problems
Silicon shock : the menace of the computer invasion
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Middle class China : identity and behaviour
The role of non-governmental organisations in the improvement of livelihood in Nepal
The Common Christian responsibility toward areas of rapid social change : 2nd statement
The theory of social change : four views considered
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
The postcolonial challenge : towards alternative worlds
Indicators of social change : concepts and measurements
America II
Education and the process of change
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
Samples from English cultures. Vol. 1, Three preliminary studies, Aspects of adult life in England
Socio-cultural change in villages in Tiruchirapalli district, Tamilnadu, India. Part 2, No. 3, Modern period
India's changing rural scene 1963-1979
Technology and social change
Women, violence and social change
A theory of fields
Social change : explorations, diagnoses, and conjuctures
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Changing family institution challenges family policy making in Estonia
A responsive society : collected essays on guiding deliberate social change
Culture and commitment : the new relationships between the generations in the 1970s
Organizational change, leadership and ethics : leading organizations towards sustainability
A behavioral study of rural modernization : social and economic change in Thai villages
Active hope : how to face the mess we're in without going crazy
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
The dynamics of social movements : resource mobilization, social control, and tactics
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
Social marketing : doing well by doing good? a look into organizations? marketing communication campaigns on social issues in Finland
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Social change and non-contributory social security in Finland
Design, when everybody designs : an introduction to design for social innovation
Socio-economic studies of two villages : Mahizambadi and Neykulam, Lalgudi Taluk
Theories of social change : a critical appraisal
Bankrupt Britain : an atlas of social change
Methods for experimental social innovation
Drinking Molotov cocktails with Gandhi
Order and change : Essays in comparative sociology
Discursive practices in organizational change
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
Indonesia in transition : social aspects of reformasi and crisis
The sociology of social change
History of the idea of progress
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Social change in Melanesia : development and history
