http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p790 circus tricks
circus tricks circus stunts
Strange feats & clever turns : remarkable speciality acts in variety, vaudeville and sideshows at the turn of the 20th century as seen by their contemporaries
I want to be a juggler
How to juggle : 25 fantastic juggling tricks and techniques to try!
Learning to fly : trapeze--reflections on fear, trust, and the joy of letting go
Juggling : from start to star
Circus dogs Roscoe and Rolly
Paddington's party tricks
Houdini!!! : the career of Ehrich Weiss : American self-liberator, Europe's eclipsing sensation, world's handcuff king & prison breaker - nothing on earth can hold HOUDINI a prisoner!!!
Juggling : the art and its artists
The circus age : culture & society under the American big top
The complete book of unicycling
Flying lemurs
Up and down
The golden age of the circus
Clown skits for everyone
Unicycling : from beginner to expert
How to be a Compleat CLOWN
Kids perform circus arts
I want to be an acrobat
Showtime! : Over 75 ways to put on a show
Floorwork, basic acrobatics
The fundamentals of flying trapeze
Let the great world spin
Juggling with Finesse : lessons in juggling and life
Juggling : master the skills of juggling with.
The Victorian clown
I want to be a clown
Ten apples up on top!
Juggling for all
Four ball juggling : from simple patterns to advanced theory
Llama drama : in it to win it!
Devilstick step by step
The saga of Darren Shan. Volume 2 : The vampire's assistant
The ultimate clown act omnibus
Performing arts : a guide to practice and appreciation
My first diabolo book
Pathways in juggling : learn how to juggle with balls, clubs, devil sticks, diabolos, and beyond
Contact juggling
The famous flea act
Every trick in the book
Club swinging : for physical exercise and recreation
Will Rogers rope tricks
t's New York, August 1974: a man is walking in the sky. Between the newly built Twin Towers, the man twirls through the air. Far below, the lives of complete strangers spin towards each other: Corrigan, a radical Irish monk working in the Bronx; Claire, a delicate Upper East Side housewife reeling from the death of her son; Lara, a drug-addled young artist; Gloria, solid and proud despite decades of hardship; Tillie, a hooker who used to dream of a better life; and Jazzlyn, her beautiful daughter raised on promises that reach beyond the skyline of New York. In the shadow of one reckless and beautiful act, these disparate lives will collide, and be transformed for ever.
The Victorian Clown, first published in 2006, is a micro-history of mid-Victorian comedy, spun out of the life and work of two professional clowns. Their previously unpublished manuscripts - James Frowde's account of his young life with the famous Henglers' circus in the 1850s and Thomas Lawrence's 1871 gag book - offer unique, unmediated access to the grass roots of popular entertainment. Through them this book explores the role of the circus clown at the height of equestrian entertainment in Britain, when the comic managed audience attention for the riders and acrobats, parodying their skills in his own tumbling and contortionism, and also offered a running commentary on the times through his own 'wheezes' - stand-up comedy sets. Plays in the ring connect the circus to the stage, and both these men were also comic singers, giving a sharp insight into popular music just as it was being transformed by the new institution of music hall.
The complete juggler
The diabolo from A to Z
The saga of Darren Shan. Volume 1
Fire eating : a manual of instruction
The zen of juggling
Basic balloon sculpture
Precious Little
101 Circus games for kids : juggling, clowning, balancing acts, acrobatics, animal numbers
Cigar box of tricks
Circus bodies : cultural identity in aerial performance
Wolf won't bite!
The saga of Darren Shan. Volume 4 : Vampire mountain
The greatest shows on earth : a history of the circus
I can see your lips moving : the history and art of ventriloquism
Step right up! and buy a ticket to the Greatest Show on Earth - the Big Top, containing death-defying stunts, dancing bears, roaring tigers, and trumpeting elephants. The circus has always been home to the dazzling and the exotic, the improbable and the impossible--a place of myth and romance, of reinvention, rebirth, second acts, and new identities. Asking why we long to soar on flying trapezes, ride bareback on spangled horses, and parade through the streets in costumes of glitter and gold, this captivating book illuminates the history of the circus and the claim it has on the imaginations of artists, writers, and people around the world --
If I ran the circus
Knife and tomahawk throwing : the art of the experts
