http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7903 innovations
innovations
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Evaluation Report for Research, Development and Innovation Activities
Three perspectives on the evolving electric vehicles innovation network of Finland
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Interest toward Arctic issues has been growing during the past years. This growing interest has not been followed by commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts. This has led to a coexistence of a variety of definitions which sometimes are almost contradictory. The essence of the Arctic in the operational agendas is hard to find considering the high frequency of the term Arctic appearing in publicly expressed strategies. In this paper, the Arctic dimension and its relevance to key actors are investigated by applying an ecosystem approach. The studied case is from the Oulu region of Finland where there has been two consecutive projects aiming at the clarification of the role of the Arctic in the region. In addition to completed projects and their reports, the researched material in this paper consists of the preparation materials of the renewal process of the Oulu Innovation Alliance. This ecosystem approach offers an interesting alternative to deepening the understanding of the Arctic positioning of participating actors. Instead of analyzing separate strategic documents of individual actors, it is reasonable to study collaborative products of the members of the innovation ecosystem. However, an additional research step is introduced by this ecosystem approach – that is, that the existence of the ecosystem needs to be verified. As easily as organizations name the Arctic as their area of interest without explicating their interpretation of the Arctic, various collaborative forms of development are labeled as an ecosystem without validating the true nature of the co-operation. Therefore, in this paper the Oulu Innovation Alliance is first analyzed from the ecosystem perspective and after that the Arctic dimension is examined. According to this brief study, the Oulu Innovation Alliance fulfills the criteria of an innovation ecosystem – the key characteristics can be found in the preparatory documentation of the renewal process. Moreover, the plans for execution and operationalization of the Oulu Innovation Alliance seem to be sufficient to ensure the realization of the planned innovation ecosystem. Finally, the planned new Oulu Innovation Alliance cannot be interpreted as an Arctic innovation ecosystem – the Arctic dimension is addressed directly or indirectly in some of the sub-ecosystems, but it is not defined as a major factor. Compared to previous attempts to specify the true valuation of the Arctic dimension from the key actors' perspective, the ecosystem approach offers a richer, deeper and more versatile view of the importance and weight of the Arctic issues. Hence, whenever it is suitable the ecosystem approach seems to be a justified research strategy when addressing these rather challenging issues.
VTT Impulse : a magazine on technology, science and innovations
Humour Matters in Service Design Workshops
Ten steps to innovation heaven : how to create future growth and competitive strength
Optimal production of innovations under uncertainty
New product development in personalised medicines: the impact of regulatory regimes
Design Innovationen Jahrbuch 2003 = Desin Innovations Yearbook 2004
Students` attitudes towards open innovation
The future of innovation : the XX ISPIM Conference, Vienna, Austria 21-24 June 2009 : book of abstracts
Decline and prosperity : corporate innovation in Japan
Value and approach towards international business in Chengdu, Sichuan, China : EU project innovation centre
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The processes of technological innovation
The innovation challenge
The innovative organization : productivity programs in action
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Handbook of research on teacher education in the digital age
The management of innovation
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Innovation and its enemies : why people resist new technologies
Global telecommunications strategies and technological changes
Smart homes : design, implementation and issues
Past and current trends of innovation diffusion research : a Finnish perspective
Advances in the study of entrepreneurship, innovation and economic growth. Vol. 11, 1999, The sources of entrepreneurial activity
Service science, management and engineering : education for the 21st century
Using social media to boost Indo-European research & innovation
Technological collaboration : the dynamics of cooperation in industrial innovation
Characteristics of product and process innovators among Finnish manufacturing firms
Development of Service Quality Rating Through Design Thinking and Innovation Metrics
Analyses on the Finnish high-growth entrepreneurship ecosystem
The industries of the future
Innovation and New Product Developement : a market research for Rakennusliike Kemppe Oy
Innovation management by promoting the informal : artistic, experience-based, playful
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : policy report
User-driven community-based service development
Innovation diffusion : a new perspective
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Innovation and environmental risk
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
The innovative museum : it's up to you ... : a collection of essays
Innovations : scientific, technological, and social
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Engineering innovative products : a practical experience
The bright stuff : how innovative people and technology can make the old economy new
Traditional classrooms are fast becoming a minority in the education field. As technologies continue to develop as a pervasive aspect of modern society, educators must be trained to meet the demands and opportunities afforded by this technology-rich landscape. The Handbook of Research on Teacher Education in the Digital Ag e focuses on the needs of teachers as they redesign their curricula and lessons to incorporate new technological tools. Including theoretical frameworks, empirical research, and best practices, this book serves as a guide for researchers, educators, and faculty and professional developers of distance learning tools.
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Profit from innovation : A comparison of Japanese and Swedish intellectual property management
Control of intellectual property rights in a start-up company : an empirical study
Ready, set, go! Creativity, innovation, and new products : conference summary : June 1-2,2000, Denver, Colorado
Handbook of service science
Documenting learning with ePortfolios
Discovering the role of information technology in disruptive innovations : enabler, sustainer or barrier?
Software innovation in Finland
The innovators
The innovation marathon : lessons from high technology firms
Economic approaches to innovation
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Demonstrates how knowledge management can be used to enhance business processes. It focuses on the need to develop collaborative knowledge networks, which are increasingly global in nature and which support people with the technology needed to work across distance to foster the innovation needed to remain competitive in global environments.
Making sense of innovation management
Turning opportunities into innovations : essays on th sources, nature and success of innovations
Technology and the wealth of nations : the dynamics of constructed advantage
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Diseases which spread due to lack of sanitation facilities and knowledge on hygiene can in the worst case cause death. The problem occurs worldwide, and it touches mainly the lives of the poorest. Access to sanitation facilities is a significant way to improve people`s well-being. Turku University of Applied Sciences, Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland and Salvation Army of Swaziland have built dry toilets in an urban community in the capital of Swaziland in southern Africa. Dry toilets take control over the bacteria and prevent environmental degradation. In addition, the final compost product from the dry toilets can be utilised to prevent soil erosion, and the separated urine as a fertiliser in gardening. The thesis work aims to support the final phase of the dry sanitation project and a safe exit strategy.  Dry sanitation meets the criteria of an innovation as a new sanitation solution in the community. In addition to the innovation, according to Everett M. Rogers` Diffusion of Innovations Theory other factors influencing the diffusion process are the target community, time and communication channels. The study focused on the unofficial communication about sanitation and dry sanitation in the community. The objective was to study the unofficial structures through communication structures, and their role in the innovation diffusion. Information was gathered through interviewing community members from four different groups; sanitation experts trained by the project, dry toilet caretakers and their neighbors, and traditional leadership. The results showed that communication structures within the sample groups are rather weak, and they are based more on official structures. Despite the common goals community leaders and sanitation experts have little cooperation. Neighbors have very little knowledge about dry sanitation. The strongest communication occurs between sanitation experts and dry toilet caretakers, and in these groups potential for increasing the diffusion process can be seen.
Focus on growth: innovation, the media and public interest
Serial innovators : firms that change the world
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Innovation in tourism : creating costumer value : 55th congress 2005, Brainerd, USA
The museum as an instrument of cultural innovation
Incremental innovation and the utility model
The book addresses issues towards the design and development of Wireless Sensor Network based Smart Home and fusion of Real-Time Data for Wellness Determination of an elderly person living alone in a Smart Home. The fundamentals of selection of sensor, fusion of sensor data, system design, modelling, characterizations, experimental investigations and analyses have been covered. This book will be extremely useful for the engineers and researchers especially higher undergraduate, postgraduate students as well as practitioners working on the development of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things and Data Mining.
Innovation as a building block of success : increasing the competitiveness of Mindtrek
Promoting innovativeness and creativity in organizations : facilitators of innovativeness and creativity in the front end of the innovation process - a case study
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
The innovator's toolkit : 50+ techniques for predictable and sustainable organic growth
Innovation management and new product development
The adoption of photovoltaic micro production systems in Finland
Creative people must be stopped : 6 ways we kill innovation (without even trying)
The economics of industrial innovation
Change by design : how design thinking transforms organizations and inspires innovation
A guide for successful innovation planning. It is suitable for strategists, managers, designers, and researchers who undertake the challenge of innovation, despite a lack of established procedures and a high risk of failure.
Job Satisfaction and Innovation in Non-profit Organisations : Relationships between Facets of Job Satisfaction and Technological and Administrative Innovations
Innovation and efficiency
Why farmers choose agroforestry? : a case study from the province of Sa Kaeo, Thailand
The lever of riches : technological creativity and economic progress
Developing an International Network for Demola's Open Innovation Environment
Introduction to national open innovation system (NOIS) paradigm : a preliminary concept for interchange
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
Hyperinnovation : multidimensional enterprise in the connected economy
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
Finnish biotechnology innovations in the 1980's and the 1990's : a preliminary study on innovative activity of the Finnish biotechnology sector
Innovation, imitation, growth, and capital market imperfections
The propagation of innovation waves
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Mindtrek is a technology conference organised in Tampere, Finland. The 2016  conference consisted of five different events: Open Source World, Internet of Things Event, Mindtrek  Immersion, Smart City Event and Academic Mindtrek. The main organiser of the international conference is  COSS - the Finnish Centre for Open Systems and Solutions: a small non-profit organisation of seven  employees. In 2016, COSS acted as the organiser of the event for the second time in a row.  The purpose of this study was to identify industry related critical success factors that might need further  development. The objective of this was for Mindtrek to stay ahead of competition in the international  conference scene and, thus, increase competitiveness and recognition. A central focus point needed to be found  for the conference themes so as to make the central message of Mindtrek clearer. The data were collected in two phases; by conducting an interview with the Executive Director of COSS, and  during the second phase an anonymous survey was filled out by the employees who took part in organising the  conference. Mainly qualitative data were used during the writing of this thesis.  During the interview with the Executive Director of COSS, it was found that the critical success factors the  Executive Director wanted to further develop were all innovation related factors. Thus, the second phase of the  study included a survey filled out by the employees in order to find out if the prerequisites for innovation were  fully met at the workplace. The majority of respondents felt that they were not entirely sure of the vision and  goals of Mindtrek, and they hoped for more logical processes within the organisation.  The findings indicate that the innovative abilities of the team could be increased by clarifying the vision and  goals of the conference. This would help with finding a central focus point and deciding on the right themes.  The results also suggest that the filing system in use ought to be reorganised in order to facilitate the flow of  information between employees. Moreover, the innovation process should be paid attention to; problems or  topics should be clearly defined before meetings and more time should be reserved for discussion.
Prospects of bitcoin diffusion
Innovation environment today and tomorrow
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
On the optimal novelty requirement in patent protection
Empirical evidence of patent thickets in the field of computer programs
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Problem solution processes of musicians and engineers : what do their approaches look like?
Grasping the future : a challenge for learning and innovation : proceedings of the conference "Grasping the future - a challenge for learning and innovation", 1-3 October 2008, Helsinki, Finland
Appropriate Institutions and Economic Growth : one size fits no-one
Service systems implementation
The role of collective intelligence in crowdsourcing innovations
R & D expenditure and productivity growth with market considerations
Innovations in Commercial Banking
Thinking in new boxes : a new paradigm for business creativity
National systems for financing innovation
Organising innovative manufacturing systems
The healthy organization : a revolutionary approach to people and management
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
Key factors in U.S. Government support of business internationalization in Finland : case: U.S. Embassy in Helsinki
A service perspective to digital innovation : exploring the emergence of autonomous shipping
Innovation in the software sector
Evolution of a Cutting Edge Marketing Strategy for Vitafoam’s Innovative ‘Early Days’ Products
Rethinking journalism again : societal role and public relevance in a digital age
The innovation ethic
“Balancing and Leveraging Management, Leadership and Technology and Fostering Innovation in Changing European High Technology Sector” : Reconstruction of High Technology Organisation
Developing a good laptop : - Case Lenovo
The theory of innovation : entrepreneurs, technology and strategy
Analysis of innovation process management: comparison of theories and practices
Innovation : the communication of change in ideas, practices and products
Research on the management of innovation : the Minnesota studies
Impact of disruptions on collaborative business models and interorganizational networks in supply management : longitudinal contextual analysis of the business networks of two focal companies
Twin-Stick Exercising - Argumentation of the Innovation and Feedback Related to European Level Dissemination
Humour is present in our everyday life, as well as in companies'  boardrooms, but it could be used more strategically in business innovation. Although there is an ample amount of research on humour in advertising, and there is increasing interest in emotions in business research, there is a gap in how to use humour in order to advance business innovation: creating new products and services. Service design thinking processes offer an opportunity to study humour in innovation workshops. The present paper discusses how humour could be studied in service design workshops of nine companies involved in a Tekes-funded humour-related research project in 2016. The purpose of the paper is to suggest a research framework in order to get more understanding of the role of humour in service design processes, particularly in workshops and their outcomes. The main research question is whether humour advances the process and the outcome of service design workshops and if yes, how. Humour and playfulness will be defined, and how to measure them discussed. The paper will accomplish the following: firstly, theoretical foundations are laid for humour, playfulness, humour in group work and humour in workshops'  outcomes. Secondly, we propose a research agenda for empirical studies. Expected results from the empirical studies will provide new insight into the importance of humour in service design workshop processes and outcomes. The contribution of the present paper will be twofold: theoretical – a research framework for analysing humour in service design processes (process and outcome) and managerial – how humour can be used to improve the service design workshops in companies, e.g. to improve the quality of the process, as well as the results. We are particularly interested in the possibility of integrating humour in business models and value propositions of companies and the present paper may contribute to this aim.
Creating experiences in the experience economy
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
The entrepreneurship - innovation - marketing interface : proceedings of the Symposium
Foundations of the economics of innovation : theory, measurement and practice
The complexity challenge : technological innovation for the 21st century
On the road to systemic sustainability : how can cleantech facilitate the Finnish sustainability transition - a multi-layer perspective backcasting analysis
The role of service characteristics in service innovations
E-portfolios perform many functions in higher education at both an institutional and student level. This book offers online instructors guidance in creating and implementing e-portfolios with their students. It helps them assess the needs of their students then design and implement a strategic, comprehensive e-portfolio program tailored to these needs. Further, it lets instructors see how such programs can be used as an example of their own personal and professional academic development. This is an essential resource for any online instructor or student wishing to use e-portfolios as a tool.
Innovation ecosystem perspectives on financial services innovation
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Summary.
Design Innovationen Jahrbuch 2004 = Desin Innovations Yearbook 2004
Generating technological innovation
Gossiping about sanitation : role of communication in innovation diffusion
Culture as innovation in vocational higher education
Taking technical risks : how innovators, executives, and investors manage high-tech risks
The technological fix : how people use technology to create and solve problems
User-based innovation in services
Do public R&D subsidies foster innovation? : evidence from Finnish patent data
Possibilities of comics as innovation tools
Innovating for the future : how Dutch SMEs use futures research in innovation processes
Strategy-performance approach to venture capital finance process : introduction of a new strategy-performance innovation model for VCF-context
Consulting company’s opportunities to grow
Developing a broad-based innovation policy in Finland : societal opportunities confronting administrative and political challenges
New crops, new uses, new markets : industrial and commercial products from U.S. agriculture
The Creative Economy – Nurturing Innovative Entrepreneurship in Europe Analysing the major challenges in acquiring entrepreneurial skills in creative SME in Finland.
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
Innovation as a Building Block of Success : Increasing the Competitiveness of Mindtrek
Ailonet Residential Gateway and the U.S. home networking market : innovation adoption based analysis
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
HighTech Finland
Technology strategy for managers and entrepreneurs
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
Inside the box : a proven system of creativity for breakthrough results
The human side of managing technological innovation : a collection of readings
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
PBL is learning through becoming conscious of practical and abstract problems and finding ways how to solve them. It can be a pattern which doesn,t follow traditional divisions of disciplines. In this article the material was collected from two, in the first sight, very different groups. One was music students (N = 62) who had to learn to solve various practical and theoretical problems in preparing a program for a series of concerts as collective and individual action. The method used was the 7-step method which divides learning into seven phases proceeding from creating the social frame of reference and mental models (steps 1–4) through actual work (steps 5–6) to the evaluation of the outcomes (step 7). Another group consisted of international, multicultural business leaders in engineering (N = 6). In using earlier the 7-step method, the approaches resembled those of the music students: deepening their professional competences. To engage their ability to use imagination and connect reality with brainstorming and mental flexibility, the creative PBL method 635 was used. Three practical problems were solved so that the solutions included new viewpoints which would be applied to meet the real needs in the near future. The results show that not only were the learning targets of both groups reached but, with reflection included, the processes widened the professional competences of the participants.
The future of service business innovation
Innovation, networks and localities
High technology industry and innovative environments : the European experience
Tekes, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation, is the most important  public financier for research, development and innovation in Finland. Tekes's achievement of its objectives is monitored through impact analyses and studies. This report describes how Tekes has succeeded in building capabilities for innovation activities, which is one of its key objectives. This objective is also strongly linked with those associated with competence base and internationalization of innovation activities. The given assignment was especially challenging because there are no proven methodologies available to measure the impact of public financed actions in capability building. Capabilities for innovation cannot be easily quantified but have to be observed  indirectly. Thus establishing valid causal relationship is difficult and measuring the development of innovation capabilities is prone to misinterpretations. The study was carried out by doctor Johan Wallin and his team at Synocus Ltd. A great deal of their work, as well as discussions at the steering group, was devoted to developing a conceptual model for understanding the role of development activities in innovation capability building. The evaluation team succeeded in producing a conceptual framework that serves well the evaluation of the Tekes's operations impact. The applied methodology might provide a useful tool for future analyses of innovation policy impact as well.
Questions and answers
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Discontinuous innovation : learning to manage the unexpected
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Social and cultural aspects of user acceptance : a practice-based approach
Innovation after centralisation
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
New products management
The innovation equation : building creativity and risk taking in your organization
The blue economy : 10 years, 100 innovations, 100 million jobs
Managing knowledge work and innovation
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
Design thinking framework of experience innovation
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
Innorisk : the fountain of new business creation
Service Design and Delivery : How Design Thinking Can Innovate Business and Add Value to Society
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
Industrial innovation in transition
Managing innovation : the social dimensions of creativity, invention and technology
The open book of social innovation
Digital to the core : remastering leadership for your industry, your enterprise, and yourself
The diffusion of process innovations
Innovation policies : an international perspective
Seizing the white space : innovative service concepts in the United States
Technology and industrial progress : the foundations of economic growth
101 design methods : a structured approach for driving innovation in your organization
Managing technological innovation
Trust-embedded open innovation : towards a human-centric approach in the financial industry
Inside corporate innovation : strategy, structure, and managerial skills
Knowledge management : organizing knowledge based enterprises
Innovation processes and networks : two case studies : a research plan
Exploration and exploitation : organization's age and the nature of its innovative behavior
Cultural differences in innovation championing strategies
Demystifying media technology : readings from the Freedom Forum Center
Practice-based perspective on technology acceptance : analyzing bioactive point of care testing
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Critical evaluation of the dominant design theory : proposition for new operationalization
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
Natural cosmetics as an innovation : Nivea's Pure&Natural products as an example
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Developing strategic innovation capability of enterprises : theoretical and methodological outlines of intervention
Innovation pressure : International ProACT Conference, 15-17 March 2006, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
Profiting from innovation : the report of the three-year study from the National Academy of Engineering
Managing new product innovation
High performance companies : successful strategies from the world's top achievers
Capabilities for innovation activities : impact study
Innovation, networks, and knowledge spillovers : selected essays
Innovation in the public sector
Patents, product cycles and non-diversifiable risk
The riddle of things: activity theory and actor-network theory as approaches to studying innovations
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
Innovation playbook : a revolution in business excellence
Living Lab - Discovering the Essence
Idea screening and processing within an innovation ecosystem
Innovation development to new business in incumbent firms : a case study on the pharmaceutical companies in Finland
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
Selection of knowledge management platform using AHP methodology : stimulate innovation and knowledge reuse within IBM
The economics of innovation
Material vision into fashion : design, branding and innovation in the process of setting up a fashion label, case luxaa
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
Intellectual property and innovation management in small firms
The innovation handbook
Innovativeness and innovations utilizations : Oy LM Ericsson Ab
Innovation systems in Nordic tourism
A learning perspective for managing service innovation process in a value network
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
Many faces of innovation : from literature synthesis to empirical studies
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
INNO-FOREST : integrating innovation and entrepreneurship research in higher forestry education
Innovation in small and medium firms : background reports
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Optimal technology policy with imitation and risk-averting households
Managing imitation strategies : how later entrants seize markets from pioneers
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Advancing sustainability-oriented innovations in industrial markets
Best practice : process innovation management
On the influence of national culture on knowledge sharing
Valuation of patents
Improving the Front End Practices of Innovation Process
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
Continuous innovation : competing successfully in the 1990's
Successful marketing strategy for high-tech firms
Toward a practice-based framework of technology acceptance : a case study on bioactive point of care testing
The Current State of NFC Payments in Finland : An exploratory study on the attitudes and opinions towards NFC payments
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
Dealing with Darwin : how great companies innovate at every phase of their evolution
DEVELOPMENT OF CREATIVE INDUSTRIES IN CHINA : The case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
State policies and techno-industrial innovation
The Ways to New  : 15 Paths to Disruptive Innovation
Intellectual property strategies and firm growth : evidence from Finnish small business data
"Digital disruption continues to cause great confusion for companies of all sizes. For every Kodak-like implosion there's an Uber-like winner-takes-all success. The pace, direction, and impact of digital change has become more sudden, severe, and harder to predict. Think of the car industry and the advent of the self-driving vehicle. Or how the digital cigarette has transformed an industry that may no longer call itself tobacco. These types of disruptions change the game for industries from healthcare to sports equipment. There's no cookie-cutter strategy to get companies through the multi-dimensional nature of the digital beast. Even the sharpest leaders can become disoriented as change builds on change, leaving almost nothing certain. To stand still is to fail. Enterprises and leaders must re-master themselves to succeed. Leaders must identify the key macro forces, then lead their organizations at three distinct levels: industry, enterprise, and self. By doing this they cannot only survive but clean up. Digital to the Core makes the case that all leaders, and particularly CEOs at the helm, must understand the impact the digital revolution will continue to play in their industries, companies, and leadership style and practices. Drawing on interviews from 40 top C-level executives in some of the world's most powerful companies and government organizations, including GE, Ford, Tory Burch, Babolat, McDonalds, and the US Department of Energy, this book delivers cutting-edge insights from those on the front lines. The authors incorporate Gartner's annual research from top CIOs and CEOs and also apply the deep knowledge and qualitative insights they have acquired as practitioners, management researchers, and advisors over decades in the business. Above all else, Raskino and Waller want companies and their top leaders to understand the full impact of digital technology and integrate it at the core of their businesses. "--
Collaborative entrepreneurship : how communities of networked firms use continuous innovation to create economic wealth
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
Is there an arctic ecosystem emerging? : Oulu region's perspective
Systemic aspects of innovation and design : the perspectove of collaborative networks
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
