http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7912 hotel receptionists
hotel receptionists
Occupational burnout : how do hotel frontline department heads perceive it?
Vocational qualification in hotel and restaurant services
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
Hospitality and catering
Abstract.
Principles of hotel front office operations
The Grand Budapest hotel
Chowringhee
The Grand Budapest Hotel
World of resorts : from development to management
The effects of information technology on job design : a case study of Laico Regency Hotel, Nairobi
Introduction to hospitality management
Job satisfaction and efficiency among hotel workers : case study of Giant Star Hotel Lagos, Nigeria
Front office operations
Flexible and efficient communicators : a study on Finnish hotel receptoinists' intercultural customer service in English
Heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels, hustles, and so-called hospitality
Russko-anglijskij razgovornik dlâ rabotnikov sfery obsluživaniâ inostrannyh turistov = Russian-English phrase-book for hotel staff
Home is where the heart is, and Kate thinks a lot about making people feel at home. She works for a global hotel corporation. She has two young children, and a husband of ten years. Now, both Kate's home and her heart are about to implode: she has discovered a series of emails from her husband Adam to another woman. Probing for answers, she realizes this not the worst possible discovery - in fact, it is only the beginning. As her family unravels, Kate's job becomes increasingly demanding - but how can she provide the perfect guest experience when her own foundations have been knocked away? She tries to hold things together for her daughters, but doesn't know what to tell them when they ask when Adam is coming home. Who was the man with whom Kate built a life? And what is he to her now? Told with warmth, wit and grace, Lover is a novel about marriage, family, and work - an unforgettable account of having the strength to find one's place in the world.
Introduction to hospitality
