http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7919 international transport
international transport
Development of transit traffic via Finland in 1997-2003
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies
Traffic flow development at North European company level with respect of Russia and four Asian countries : longitudinal survey study
Logistics management and strategy
Designing and managing the supply chain
"The Commercial Shipping Handbook is an invaluable reference tool for anyone involved in international trade and a first step towards understanding the framework within which the international movement of goods by sea is conducted. The handbook gives concise explanations of the many activities that comprise shipping, explaining the terms and how they interrelate"--
The impact of market structure on international road freight safety : a cross-case analysis of Finnish firms and Finnish and Estonian competent authorities in 2010-2011
The effects of Poland's EU membership to logistics companies in Finland
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Helsinki acts as hub to St. Petersburg and Tallinn
Commercial shipping handbook
Freight forwarding in Russia-bound transportation
Maritime security : an introduction
Export practice and management
Tranportation of paper machine rolls between Finland and Russia
An outline of transport law : international rules in swedish context
A Situational Analysis of Supplier Relationship Management in an SME manufacturing Company
Focusing on environmental pressures from long-distance transport : TERM: transport indicators tracking progress towards environmental targets in Europe
The airport business
International trade and business : law, policy and ethics
Pol-Corridor : assessment of demand for the Blue Shuttle Train's services in North and South European markets
How to manage with customs and documents in Russian trade and transport
Comparing administrative burdens across countries
Fourth International Railway Logistics Seminar : co-operation among transportation modes in Northern Europe
Delivery management model for supply chain co-operation and improvement : results of multipilot co-operation project
Managing the global supply chain
Multimodal transport law : the law applicable to the multimodal contract for the carriage of goods
International physical distribution
Carriage of goods by sea
Waste without borders in the EU? : transboundary shipments of waste
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
Aspects of maritime law : claims under bills of lading
International transportation modes and documentation : Case: Dm Auto
North-European logistics in the era of global economic turmoil : fifth International Railway Logistics Seminar
International transport, telematics and education in North-Eastern Europe : 16-17 September, 1996 : conference report
Fifth international railway logistics seminar : North-European logistics in the era of global economic turmoil
The thesis revealed development opportunities of the Finnish railway transit route for the transportation of bulk raw materials coming from Russia westbound. The thesis research aimed to investigate attractiveness of the Finnish railway transit route for the transportation of bulk raw materials from Russia westbound. The study revealed level of attractiveness of the Finnish railway transit route, competitive advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish transit route for the transportation of raw bulk materials, such as iron, fertilizers, oil and oil related products.  The thesis research is based on the previous studies of Jumpponen (2007), Kilpeläinen (2004) and Lautso (2005). Previous researches analyzed competitive advantages of the competing transit routes between the West countries and Russia. The main transit routes for the raw materials transportation from Russia westbound have been examined and compared, advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish rail transit route are defined and recommendations on the future development for the Finnish rail transit route are presented in the thesis. The thesis study was carried as empirical research. Data for the study was gathered by interviewing freight forwarding companies in Finland and Russia and Finnish railway authorities. The analytical approach was qualitative. Overall, eleven qualitative semi-structured interviews have been conducted and one e-mail enquiry has been received during the study process. The thesis research was commissioned by the state-owned transportation company VR Group. Therefore, implications of findings and conclusions were presented for the commissioning party. Also recommendations for the future development of the railway transit transportation have been made. The thesis research revealed the factors, affecting transit route choice for the transportation of bulk commodities westbound and the level of competitiveness of the Finnish railway transit route for the raw materials transportation westbound. The research revealed that attractiveness of the Finnish railway route is dependant on the attractiveness of the entire transit route via Finland, particularly on the ports ́ services. The main problems affecting attractiveness of the railway route as part of the entire route via Finland are the cost levels, lack of flexibility in negotiations and cooperation between railway transportation provider, ports and the other freight providing companies and participants of the transit chain via Finland. Research findings have supported theoretical background of the study, particularly, factors affecting transit route choice. However, thesis study has defined level of importance of the different factors for the railway transportation of raw bulk materials. Besides, competitive advantages of the railway transit route for the transportation of raw bulk materials differ from the competitive advantages of the route via Finland, presented in previous studies by Lautso (2005), Kilpeläinen (2004) and Jumpponen (2007). The thesis had practical importance for the commissioning party because it has revealed level of attractiveness of the railway transit route, defined advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish transit route and suggested the need for cooperation between the Finnish freight providing companies in order to increase attractiveness of the entire route via Finland. Besides, the thesis defined main factors affecting the transit route choice for raw bulk materials transporta-tion. Attractiveness of the railway transit route can be increased also by influencing those factors. Therefore, findings of the research can be used by VR Group as background for the creation of international strategy, directed at increasing attractiveness of the railway transit route via Finland for the transportation of raw materials from Russia westbound.
Logistics study for a consulting company : case company South America Business Solutions Oy
International logistics
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : case study: VR Group
The Rotterdam Rules 2008 : commentary to the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Carriage of Goods Wholly or Partly by Sea
Problems of war stores at Kilpisjärvi and undiplomatic sketches at Lerwick
International business
Railway shunting yard services in a dry-port : analysis of the railway shunting yards in Sverdlovsk-Russia and Kouvola-Finland
Proceedings : Madrid, August 1998. B15, Global markets: the internationalization of the sea transport industries since 1850 = Marchés globaux: l'internationalisation de l'industrie du transport maritime depuis 1850 = Mercados globales: la internacionalización de la industria del transporte marítimo desde 1850
Barents Link corridor : a multimodal collector to transnational northern axis of EU 2007
International transport flows in the Finnish food industry
Final report of cross-border project called "Development of Logistics for Supplier Net Models" (Lognet) : in the honour of St. Petersburg Transport University's 200 year and Lappeenranta University of Technology's 40 year celebration
Logistics as a success factor of companies in the outer-circle of EU
The handbook of international trade : a guide to the principles and practice of export
Worldscale : a tanker chartering tool
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Global logistics and supply chain management
Finland's position in Russian transit traffic : is cross-border zone a viable alternative?
A to Z of international trade
Intermodal transport of granite from Southern Vietnam to Northern Europe : case: Sai Gon Cuu Long Logistics and Trading Company
Maritime transport solutions between Russia and the EU
Contemporary research issues in international railway logistics
Interim evaluation of Tedim : report of the panel of evaluators to the International Co-ordination Committee (ICC)
Transportation flows between Northern Europe and Asia : focus on China
Strengthening Finland's logistics position : an action programme
Russia and Europe : from mental images to business practices : papers from the VII International Conference of Finnish Russian and East European Studies and other writings
The SAGE handbook of transport studies
Routing analysis using intermodal transport chains : case: DSV Road Oy
Logistics development in Finnish and Swedish companies with respect of Russia and four Asian countries : traffic flow and warehousing analysis from current situation and likely development trends
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Contemporary logistics
The commissioner of this thesis is a start-up consulting company that promotes South American products and offers advises for enterprises which plans to start importing products from South America. Consequently, the commissioner desired to map-out the different importing and exporting phases of international logistics and supply chain in a manner that would allow weaknesses to be discovered and removed. Such a study was necessary because the case company had not prepared it before. The objective of this thesis was to improve and develop the commissioner's expertise in international logistics and trade by researching and finding solutions that provides the best cost and time frame for importing products from South America to Finland. Moreover, the thesis aimed to give a brief indication on how the logistic process, time frames and strategies work between South America and Finland. This thesis theoretical background consists of subjects such as logistic and supply chain, documents function and transport mode and custom duties. Furthermore, a preliminary inquiry and face-to-face interviews were employed to support and complement the secondary data originated from published documents, books and official web pages.As a result, this thesis indicates what transport modes, costs, documents and time frames are involved in international importation. In addition, the research proved that the most expensive transport mode can be the most valuable if the time frame forms a bottle neck. In general, this study helps to initialize the first importing steps but further in-depth investigation is suggested and recommend, especially as a future development proposal.
Fourth international railway logistics seminar : co-operation among transportation modes in Northern Europe
The market structure analysis for international road freight transport in Latvia
Baltic Sea - Mare nostrum : V international meeting on maritime education and research in the Baltic Sea
The latest edition of Global Logistics and Supply Chain Management conveys to both advanced students and practitioners the diverse operational and strategic content of the subjects of logistics and supply chain management. Logistics is a key driver of globalization and facilitator of international trade and development.
Global logistics management : a competitive advantage for the new millennium
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Due to the globalization and ever stronger competition in the market, more and more companies are seeking competitive advantage by establishing collaborative partnership with their suppliers of strategic items. This thesis addresses the topic of supplier relationship management, which is a very important business functions involving not only the procurement organization, but also other organizations within a company, such as quality control, R & D and production, etc. Literature review covers from value chain, supply chain , supply chain management to supplier relationship management, which focuses on two-way, mutually beneficial relationship development with strategic supply partners to achieve greater levels of innovation and competitive advantage than could be gained by operating independently or through the transactional purchasing arrangement in the traditional way. The empirical part is based on the author ́s observation of the case company ́s performance in SRM. Detailed analysis has been done to find out how the case company conducts its SRM and what it has achieved through SRM. In the end, suggestions are made to the case company on how to further improve its SRM.
Logistical practicalities for a non-governmental organization : Case study: Empowerment of African Women Organization ry (EOAW)
Northwest Russian transport logistics cluster : Finnish perspective
Pol-Corridor : IT systems
Freight forwarding and multi-modal transport
Challenges in transporting goods to Russia
Global supply chain management and international logistics
Transportation
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Chinese international economic law
Trans Siberian railway operators in Russian Far East
Sea transports in the Baltic Sea : trends and consequences for urban structure and regional development in the Baltic Sea region
Summary (s. 9-13).
Handbook of global logistics : transportation in  international supply chains
Transport : international transport treaties
Transport communications : understanding global networks enabling transport services
Third Research Meeting held at Kouvola : value adding role of logistics in Northern Europe
Logistics centre projects in Tedim 1997
Finland as a business environment for international e-commerce : the role of transport service providers in enabling international small enterprise e-commerce
The Finnish Shipping Companies and their Stamps : Cinderella Stamp Club : handbook 2
Tedim benefits : a multimodal case study
Future transport of goods : scenarios for Europe's future transport of goods in the Baltic Region
Bright prospects for Growth in the Baltic Sea Trade and Traffic
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
Railway as a transportation mode to Russia
International trade : an essential guide to the principles and practice of export
Global logistics : new directions in supply chain management
International transportation
An outline of transport law : international rules in Swedish context
