http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p792 control (prevention)
control (prevention) defence
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Crop protection agents from nature : natural products and analogues
Summary: Low salmonella infection rate is based on high risk control level in feed factories.
Choosing an effective biocontrol agent - an evolutionary perspective
Pesticide residues in food - 2010 : Joint FAO WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Rome, Italy, 21-30 September 2010.
Mackie & McCartney's handbook of bacteriology : a guide to the laboratory diagnosis and control of infection
Control of communicable diseases manual
Pesticide residues in food 2012 : joint FAO/WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Rome, Italy, 11-20 September 2012.
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Potential of plant products for the management of whiteflies in nurseries
Post-Kyoto international climate policy : implementing architectures for agreement : research from the Harvard Project on International Climate Agreements
The flood control controversy : Big dams, little dams, and land management
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and pesticides on Cynara cardunculus growth
Wilderness first responder : how to recognize, treat, and prevent emergencies in the backcountry
The invisible cure : Africa, the west, and the fight against AIDS
How small and medium-sized enterprises in developing countries can protect the ozone layer
Field quality control of fire retardant chemicals
Weed and scrub control on organic grassland
Infection prevention and control : theory and clinical practice for healthcare professionals
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1990
Weed control handbook: principles
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Trial report : herbicides
The Vetiver system for soil and water conservation : proven and green environmental solutions
Windows lockdown! : your XP and Vista guide against hacks, attacks and other Internet mayhem
Mobile malware attacks and defense
Meditations on violence : a comparison of martial arts training & real world violence
Integrated and biological control in protected crops : proceedings of a meeting of the EC Experts' Group, Heraklion, 24-26 April 1985
Multi-objective actuator placement optimization for local sound control evaluated in a stochastic domain
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 2, Hosts of hymenoptera (agaonidae to braconidae)
Handbook for incorporation of integrated pest management in agricultural projects
Dairy research report 1992 : Hill Farm Research Station
Looks at the differences between martial arts and violence, with information on such topics as expectations of martial arts training, thinking critically about violence, and adapting training methods to reality.
The main problems of using biological pest control in greenhouse production
Organophosphorus pesticides : organic and biological chemistry
Enemies of timber : dry rot and the death-watch beetle in which the origin and life history of the two worst enemies of timber are given, with a description of the damage they cause, and the methods to be adopted for their extermination
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
Weed control trials with fibre mulch, glyphosate and terbuthylazine in Scots pine plantations
Hospital epidemiology and infection control
Conservation of cultural heritage, Integrated pest management (IPM) for protection of cultural heritage
The biochar debate : charcoal's potential to reverse climate change and build soil fertility
Novel approaches to integrated pest management
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1988. 1988
Regional development of anti-discrimination advisory services : experiences from the implementation of advisory services and results on the identification and tackling of discrimination
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
The long struggle against malaria in tropical Africa
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Perennial weeds are an increasing challenge in organic farming in the Nordic countries. The aim of this study was to compare different tillage methods in the control of Elymus repens by using two intensified bare fallow strategies. Two field experiments consisted of three ploughing methods and seven fallow methods. The experiments were carried out in organic soils in Central Finland. The methods applied in the brief fallow before cereal sowing (exp. 1) were not effective enough against E. repens. Due to wet weather conditions in the spring the fallow period was limited to two weeks in both years, which did not seem to be enough time. In the late summer fallow after ley (exp. 2), the Kvick-Finn weed-cultivator destroyed E. repens very effectively; on average 5% of E. repens remained alive in the barley crop in the autumn of the following year. After use of ordinary cultivators 10% of E. repens remained alive, after use of the spade harrow 25% and after frequent mowing over 50% remained alive, respectively. As a result of effective E. repens control, barley yield was about 1000 kg ha-1 higher than without any fallow. In conclusion, effective control of E. repens is achieved with proper machinery and repeated treatments at the optimal time.
Aids law : implications for the individual & society
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 1, Hosts of the coleoptera and diptera
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Summary: Elimination of salmonella infantis infection on a dairy farm fed complete mixed diet.
Battle lines
Solving museum insect problems : chemical control
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
The overlook
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
The Exterminators. [2], Insurgency
Promoting employment : report of the Director-General : International Labour Conference 82nd Session 1995.
Introduction to integrated pest management
Nelson Mandela/HSRC study of HIV/AIDS : South African National HIV prevalence, behavioural risks and mass media
Pesticide residues in food 2014 : joint FAO/WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Rome, Italy, 16-25 September 2014.
Effects of birch tar oils on soil organisms and plants
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Mycotoxins in fruits and vegetables
Principles of forest fire management
Dairy research report 1994 : Hill Farm Research Station
Real-time locating systems for managing extinction of fire
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
The secret
Ecofriendly pest management for food security
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
The ghost map : the story of London's most terrifying epidemic : and how it changed science, cities, and the modern world
Developing Sitka spruce populations for resistance to the white pine weevil : summary of research and breeding program
Expert meeting on violence against women, 8-10 November 1999, Jyväskylä, Finland : recomendations of the E.U
The Exterminators. [4], Crossfire and collateral
Bacillus thuringiensis : biology, ecology and safety
The basics of oil spill cleanup
Biological control : proceedings of an AAAS Symposium on Biological Control, held at Boston, Massachusetts December 30-31, 1969
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1987
Forest fire control
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 5, Hosts of the hymenoptera (miscogasteridae to trigonalidae), lepidoptera and strepsiptera
Invasive arthropods in agriculture : problems and solutions
Biochemical insect control : its impact on economy, environment and natural selection
Rearing codling moth for the sterile insect technique
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 1
Carte blanche : a James Bond novel
Prevention of bug bites, stings, and disease
Practice oriented results on the use of plant extracts and pheromones in pest control : proceedings of the international workshop Tartu, Estonia, Jan. 24-25, 2001
Wilderness : first responder : how to recognize, treat, and prevent emergencies in the backcountry
Pesticide formulation : recent developments and their applications in developing countries
Intensifying bare fallow strategies to control Elymus repens in organic soils
Forest damage caused by the Canadian beaver (Castor canadensis) in South Savo, Finland
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Waterborne zoonoses : identification, causes and control
Handbook on data reporting under the Montreal Protocol
Dairy research report 1988 : Hill Farm Research Station
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Plant diseases and their chemical control
SARS : how a global epidemic was stopped
2. Finnish-Soviet symposium on biological pest control, Kishinev, Moldavian SSR, 12-17 October 1987 : proceedings
Acute toxicity of birch tar oil on aquatic organisms
Pesticide residues in food 2009 : report and evaluations : Joint FAO/WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues Geneva, 16-25 September 2009.
Pesticide residues and food safety : a harvest of viewpoints : developed from a special conference sponsored by the Division of Agrochemicals of the American Chemical Society, Point Clear, Alabama, January 21-25, 1990
Pesticide residues in food : technologies for detection
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1992-1993
Applicability of crude tall oil for wood protection
Biological control successes and failures
Denying AIDS : conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and human tragedy
Biopesticides of plant origin
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
Barrier systems for environmental contaminant containment and treatment
Democracy and famine
Guidelines for the conduct of United Nations inquiries into allegations of massacres
The effect of two pesticides (Vitavax-300 and Gaucho) on rhizobia and on the nodulation of four legumes
Trial report : herbicides and plant growth regulators
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
The flood control controversy : big dams, little dams, and land management
Handbook of biological control : principles and applications of biological control
Midterm review of the national integrated pest management programme in Nepal, phase II
Pesticide residues in fruits and vegetables - 1989
Worms and worming
Weed control : a textbook and manual
Organic farming
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Pre-invasion history and demography shape the genetic variation in the insecticide resistance-related acetylcholinesterase 2 gene in the invasive Colorado potato beetle
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
The Exterminators. [3], Lies of our fathers
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
The Exterminators. [5], Bug brothers forever
Recent advances in weed research
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 1, Herbicides
Dairy research report 1990 : Hill Farm Research Station
Physical weed control : intra-row brush weeding and photocontrol in carrots (Daucus carota L.)
Pesticide residues in food 2013 : joint FAO/WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Geneva, Switzerland, from 17 to 26 September 2013.
Biology in pest and disease control : the 13th Symposium of the British Ecological Society, Oxford, 4-7 January 1972
Weed control handbook : issued by the British Weed Control Council
Biological and agrotechnical control of the rape blossom beetle Meligethes aeneus (Coleoptera, Nitidulidae)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 3, Hosts of the hymenoptera (calliceratid to evaniid)
Seed treatment
Use of pesticides in Finnish forest nurseries in 1996.
Biocontrol news and information
International money laundering and its prevention in the banking sector
Pesticide residues : submission and evaluation of pesticide residues data for the estimation of maximum residue levels in food and feed
Theory and practice of weed control
Prochloraz tolerance of Pyrenophora teres population in Finland
Trial report : fungicides and insecticides
Degunking your email, spam, and viruses
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
Safety and infection control
Biological control of insect pests and weeds
Ecological risks of biological control agents : impacts on IPM
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Unified anti-spam analyser specialized to protect from Russian spam
The use and potential of helicopters in forest pest management
Pest management and the environment in 2000
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Biological control of plant diseases : pilot survey
Summary.
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
Pests and diseases of sandalwood plants in nurseries and their management
Handbook of oil spill science and technology
Managing the risk of fraud and misconduct : meeting the challenges of a global, regulated and digital environment
Ivermectin and abamectin
The Exterminators. [1], Bug brothers
Practical mastitis control in dairy herds : a field guide on various aspects of udder health for the dairy practitioner
Manual on the development and use of FAO specifications for plant protection products
Assessing the potential for seven spot ladybird (Coccinella septempunctata) to control  the blackcurrant aphid (Cryptomyzus galeopsidis)
Herbicides and plant growth regulators
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Fundamentals of weed science
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
The chemical protection of plants
New technology of pest control
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Condom nation : the U.S. government's sex education campaign from World War I to the Internet
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
Government leaders in Namibia responding to the HIV/AIDS epidemic : proceedings of a workshop held from June 23rd-24th, 2003 at Safari Hotel Court Conference Centre, Windhoek, Namibia
Comparison of protection methods of pine stacks against Tomicus piniperda
Effectiveness of the KiVa antibullying program
Red mist
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Pesticide manual : basic information on the chemicals used as active components of pesticides
Biological control of weeds with plant pathogens
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Abstract: Response actions during major marine oil accidents : organizing and managing the response and communication.
Weed control handbook. Vol. 1, Principles including plant growth regulators
Pesticide outlook
Weed science : principles and practices
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
Summary: Elimination of Salmonella infection in cattle cold loose housing.
The new association hypothesis revisited : analysis of the BIOCAT database
Willingness to pay for improvements in the oil spill response capacity in the Gulf of Finland : an application of the contingent valuation method
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1986. 1986
Biological control by natural enemies
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
History and consequences of migrations, changes in epidemiology and population structure of potato late blight, Phytophthora infestans, in Finland from 1845 to 2011
The biocontrol agent phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy and impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Dead snails leave no trails : natural pest control for home and garden
The new tree experts manual
Priming capacities of endophytic Methylobacterium sp. on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Studies of the life history of a parasite : a basis for effective population management
The house of Hades
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1985. 1985
Designed to accompany the new Open University course in Environmental Monitoring and Protection, this is one of four new titles which will equip the reader with the tools to undertake Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs). Used in planning, decision-making and management, EIAs review both the theoretical principles and environmental considerations of engineering and environmental projects to help steer fundamental legislation in the right direction. This book will cover the basic principles and concepts of sound and sound propagation, covering units, crite.
Ecological risk assessment framework for biological control agents
Control of pests and weeds by natural enemies : an introduction to biological control
Implementation of biocontrol in practice in temperate regions - present and near future : proceedings of the international workshop at Research Centre Flakkebjerg, Denmark on November 1 to 3, 2005.
Scene of the Cybercrime
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 4, Hosts of the hymenoptera (ichneumonidae)
Important tree pests of the Northeast
Terrorism and counter-terrorism : ethics and liberal democracy
Priming capacities of endophytic <em>Methylobacterium</em> sp. on potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum</em> L.)
The judas gate
"Thirty years after the identification of the disease that became known as AIDS, humanitarian organizations warn that the fight against HIV/AIDS has slowed, amid a funding shortfall and donor fatigue. In this book, Bjr̜n Lomborg brings together research by world-class specialist authors, a foreword by UNAIDS founding director Peter Piot and perspectives from Nobel Laureates and African civil society leaders to identify the most effective ways to tackle the pandemic across sub-Saharan Africa. There remains an alarming lack of high-quality data evaluating responses to HIV. We still know too little about what works, where and how to replicate our successes. This book offers the first comprehensive attempt by teams of authors to analyze HIV/AIDS policy choices using cost-benefit analysis, across six major topics. This approach provides a provocative fresh look at the best ways to scale up the fight against this killer epidemic"--Provided by publisher.
Dance of death
Managing Sonchus arvensis using mechanical and cultural methods
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Behaviour of pesticides in the soil environment : a collection of papers from the 4th International workshop on chemical, biological and ecotoxicological behaviour of pesticides in the soil environment, 29-31 May, 1991, Rome, Italy
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1989
The importance of red flags in economic crime prevention
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Staying safe online
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
C.E.C. programme on integrated and biological control : progress report 1979/1981
The role of genetics and evolution in biological control : Abstracts of the Global IOBC International Symposium
Insecticidal, repellent, antimicrobial activity and phytotoxicity of essential oils: With special reference to limonene and its suitability for control of insect pests : Review
"Crime and crime control in an integrating Europe"
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Rethink HIV : smarter ways to invest in ending HIV in Sub-Saharan Africa
