http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7937 visual communication
visual communication
Retail desire : design, display and visual merchandising
Copywriting : successful writing for design, advertising and marketing
Window displays = Vetrine
Photographic communication : principles, problems and challenges of photojournalism : based on contrib. from the Wilson Hicks International Conference on Photocommunication Arts, University of Miami, Florida (1957-1971)
Shaping information : the rhetoric of visual conventions
Gestaltungsprobleme des Grafikers : gestalterische und erzieherische Probleme in der Werbegrafik - die Ausbildung des Grafikers = The graphic artist and his design problems : creative problems of the graphic designer - design and training in commercial art = Les problèmes d'un artiste graphique : typographie, dessin, photo, labels, couleurs, etc
Visual expedition to the identity of record label: paradise lost recordings
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
Book review : David Machin (ed.), Visual Communication
Visual communication : images with messages
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
Pretty ugly
A cultural analysis of the visual signs in the Zapatistas websites
Animal graphics
Technological changes have radically altered the ways in which people use visual images. Since the invention of photography, imagery has increasingly been used for entertainment, journalism, information, medical diagnostics, instruction, and communication. These functions move the image beyond aesthetic issues associated with art and into the realm of communication studies. This introductory textbook introduces students to the terminology of visual literacy, methods for analyzing visual media, and theories on the relationship between visual communication and culture. Exploring the meanings associated with visual symbols and the relationship of visual communication to culture, this book will provide students with a better understanding of the visually oriented world in which they live. Student-friendly features such as boxed topics, key terms, web resources, and suggestions for exercises are provided throughout.
Transfer of verbal humour in audiovisual translation : Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit in Finnish
Visual representations and interpretations
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Adobe creative suite 6 design and Web premium digital classroom
The little book of big promotions
Animal kingdom : design with animal aesthetics
Theorizing visual studies : writing through the discipline
Human abilites to perceive, understand, and manage multi-dimensional information with visualizations
Stickers : from punk rock to contemporary art
We make choices every day and the choices are determined by our experiences, preferences and expectations. Brand is the factor that adds value to a product or service in people's minds. We support different brands and accept their existence by making choices. The purpose of this thesis is to provide a better understanding and benefits of branding. In order to reach this purpose, research questions focusing on the example of ASSA ABLOY brand and how the company achieves brand attractiveness were stated. Based on these research questions, a review of the relevant literature was conducted, resulting in a conceptual framework that was used to guide the study's data collection. A qualitative, desk research approach was used using relevant literature and interviews with managers working for ASSA ABLOY. Case study was the best-suited approach since this research paper focused on analyzing, how company achieves its brand attractiveness in a deeper methodical way. The study shows that ASSA ABLOY, as the master brand, is increasing its visibility for total security solutions as the world'́s largest provider of security solutions. It also shows that developing the visual elements of a brand makes it more attractive.
Telling stories with pictures
Basic identity
Photography : a critical introduction
Effects of halftoning and noise on visualperception of spatial signals
Looking and seeing. 3, The shapes we need
Skilled visions : between apprenticeship and standards
Photographically speaking : a deeper look at creating stronger images
Visual literacy in communication : designing for development
Verba/visual crossings : 1880-1980
Visual management : modernization of a brand image
Defining a design brand : creating a communication strategy for Mirkka Metsola -fashion label
Masterclass in photography
The Audiovisual Media Services Directive replaced the basic EU law act applicable to broadcasting the Television Without Frontiers Directive. The AVMSD was to be the technology neutral act, but the advent of smart TV has underpinned the existing regulation. In the article the basic functions of smart TV and the current discussion concerning the potential reform of the AVMSD is discussed. The starting point is the possibility of accessing different services offering audiovisual material, via connected devices. The article highlights the issue of the scope of the "audiovisual media service" focusing on the non-linear audiovisual media service to exemplify which services fall outside of the AVMSD. Furthermore, the example of the protection of minors is chosen to demonstrate what are the legal consequences if the service is not an audiovisual media service. As the smart TV is the puzzle for the legislator the main elements of this puzzle are referred to in this article.
Contemporary visual merchandising
Special event production : the resources
Best ads : fantasy in advertising
The purpose of this study is to explore and analyse the characteristics that make photographs attractive and appealing to young Finnish adults, and by contrast what makes photographs unattractive and even odious. The focus of the study is on photographs of Finnish nature, which show a diversity of landscapes, seasons and life forms. The author aims to obtain more a profound understanding regarding the creation of nature photographs for communication purposes. This study refines and takes further a Nuuksio Nature Centre 1 study conducted by a group of Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences students in autumn 2010.     In the theoretical section of this study concepts and theories related to the visual culture, images and visual analysis of photographs are introduced and explained. The principles of semiotics are explained and the Nuuksio Nature Centre 1-study is presented in more detail, as it is closely connected with this study and its results.     The theoretical part is followed by a methodology section, which illustrates the methods and procedures of this research. The data analysis method applied in this qualitative research is visual content analysis, combined with a concise semiotic visual analysis. In the empirical section of this thesis the research process and data analysis are presented. This section focuses on reporting a qualitative visual analysis of Finnish nature photographs conducted during spring 2011.     Results and findings of visual analysis are presented in the empirical section, which is reiterated by presenting conclusions of the research. The study illustrated that some of the common characteristics for the studied photographs were as follows: size of the frame, horizontal angle, colour harmony and natural direct lightning. The content, vertical angle and composition seemed to have the most affect the attractiveness of photographs.    This thesis is concluded with an evaluation of the entire research and by assessing the utility and outcomes of it.
On air : the visual messages and global language of MTV (Music Television)
Cultural Differences between Finnish and Japanese Cultures - Enhancing Active Project’s Design Management
The vision machine
Advances in visual methodology
Presentation material for long-term saving solution
Logic and visual information
Geo/graphics : simple form graphics in print and motion
For inspiration only
An introduction to information design
Go figure! : new directions in advertising rhetoric
Researching the visual
Alma Media's new visual indentity and an internal launch
An introduction to visual communication : from cave art to second life
The power of satire
Texts : contemporary cultural texts and critical approaches
100 great presentation ideas : from successful managers and companies around the world
Information design and infographics
Narratives on Chinese colour culture in business contexts : the Yin Yang Wu Xing of Chinese values
Communicating environmental friendliness through product design and appearance : improving the green appearance of mobile devices
It could be Wegener's granulomatosis : subtitling medical terminology in drama series House M.D
Exploring interface design
The purpose of this thesis is to create presentation material for a long-term saving solution. The sponsor was the Espoo-Tapiola branch of Sampo Bank. Branch personnel will use the material in customer meetings to present the long-term saving solution. The long-term saving solution became available in the Finnish market on April 1 2010. Because this was a new product offering, there was a genuine need for presentation material. Research and implementation started in the beginning of 2010 and continued until May of 2010. The theoretical framework was based on main areas - The long-term saving act, sales process, product and saving objects (equities, bonds, mutual funds and saving account) as well as visualized information, visual representation, visual perception and design principles are discussed. The study was carried out as a product type thesis. The analytical approach was qualitative. Based on the literature review a framework was created for the implementation process. The implementation began by identifying a theme for each slide (the concepts of long-term saving, withdrawal, product in a nutshell, and international opportunities in investing) and creating a template with a colour scheme and typeface. The framework consisted of three phases: pre-processing, visual mapping and design. During pre-processing, information selection and creation of mental model of the key message were made for each slide. In visual mapping, graphical elements were mapped with graphical properties. Visual perception was used to encode the key message with pre-attentive attributes to create a focal point. During the design phase, the focal point and unified look were evaluated. As a result of this thesis, the presentation material for a long-term saving solution was created. The sponsor, Sampo Bank, benefits by being able to use the material in customer meetings. As a secondary outcome, the framework can be used in designing presentation material in the future. The purpose of the material is to support the discussion of the long-term saving solution in the product presentation phase of the sales process. The presentation material was produced with PowerPoint since it can be presented by computer and flip chart. In conclusion, the purpose of this thesis was achieved. The employers of Espoo-Tapiola branch of Sampo Bank can use the presentation material in customer meetings to present the long-term saving solution and further develop it.
Image politics of climate change : visualization, imaginations, documentations
How to create a new category in the consumer mindset through product differentiation at the POS
Philographics : big ideas in simple shapes
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Interactive Design 2 : The International Collection of New Media Design = Die Gestaltung der neuen Medien im internationalen Überblick = Le design de nouveaux médias dans le monde
Interpreting print advertisements and their visual messages : a comparison between the Swiss and the Finns
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
Branding - the path to success? : case ASSA ABLOY
Ambient art : creative information representation
Making sense digitally : conversational coherence in online and mixed-mode contexts
Visual communication : more than meets the eye
Envisioning information
Visualization analysis & design
The future of visual anthropology : engaging the senses
Seeing is believing? : approaches to visual research
Plant kingdom : design with plant aesthetics
Media and literacy : learning in an electronic age : issues, ideas, and teaching strategies
Visual methods in education
Image bite politics : news and the visual framing of elections
Visual concepts for photographers
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
The added value of visual merchandising and aesthetics for international companies engaged in fashion retailing : case industry - fashion industry
Intercultural visual literacy : interpretations on the Finnish Elovena symbol
The treshold of the visible world / Kaja Silverman
Human-information interaction and technical communication : concepts and frameworks
Photojournalism : the professionals' approach
This book "focuses on communicating information, not creating information. Developing information which clearly communicates and fits people’s needs requires understanding how people think and what drives their decision processes. To help achieve that goal, this book works to provide practical knowledge based on a sound theoretical foundation for allowing people to engage in a meaningful dialogue as they make decisions with respect to designing that communication. Besides being a reference for the academic researcher or practicing technical communicator, it is written so it can be used as a reference for either a foundational or theories of technical communication course."--Provided by publisher.
Visual knowing and visualizing knowledge in knowledge-intensive organizations
Screen : essays on graphic design, new media and visual culture
The digital evolution : visual communication in the electronic age : essays, lectures and interviews 1967 - 1990 / by A.D. Coleman
Preattentive detection of rare audiovisual feature conjunctions by the human brain as reflected by the mismatch negativity
Audiovisual Documentation of an International Seminar : Case: LIME
Rhetorics of display
Between aesthetics and information : visual journalism and design
Tumbledown barn or wild animals : which elements in the nature photographs attract the young Finnish adults? : visual analysis of Finnish nature photographs
The typographic universe : letterforms found in nature, the built world and human imagination
Design evolution : theory into practice : a handbook of basic design principles applied in contemporary design
Tourism and visual culture : Volume 1, theories and concepts
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Information graphics and visual clues
Visual information for everyday use : design and research perspectives
Provenance of cultural colour meanings : The Green Hat and other narratives from Sino-Finnish business encounters
Audiovisual translation in close-up : practical and theoretical approaches
Visual leaders : new tools for visioning, management, & organization change
The domain of images / James Elkins
Connected TV as the technological puzzle. Call for a reform of audiovisual media services directive
Visual aid : stuff you've forgotten, things you never thought you knew, and lessons you didn't quite get around to learning
Research, principles, and practices in visual communication
Dynamic identities in cultural and public contexts
Seeing is believing : The politics of the visual
Mapping inner space : learning and teaching visual mapping
"Visualization Analysis and Design provides a systematic, comprehensive framework for thinking about visualization in terms of principles and design choices. The book features a unified approach encompassing information visualization techniques for abstract data, scientific visualization techniques for spatial data, and visual analytics techniques for interweaving data transformation and analysis with interactive visual exploration. It emphasizes the careful validation of effectiveness and the consideration of function before form. The book breaks down visualization design according to three questions: what data users need to see, why users need to carry out their tasks, and how the visual representations proposed can be constructed and manipulated. It walks readers through the use of space and color to visually encode data in a view, the trade-offs between changing a single view and using multiple linked views, and the ways to reduce the amount of data shown in each view. The book concludes with six case studies analyzed in detail with the full framework. The book is suitable for a broad set of readers, from beginners to more experienced visualization designers. It does not assume any previous experience in programming, mathematics, human-computer interaction, or graphic design and can be used in an introductory visualization course at the graduate or undergraduate level"--Provided by publisher.
IdN special 03 : examining the visual culture of corporate identity
Playful type : ephemeral lettering and illustative fonts
Grids : creative solutions for graphic designers
Visualizing the semantic web : XML-based internet and information visualization / Vladimir Geroimenko and Chaomei Chen (eds.)
Create impact type, image & color
Illustration : a theoretical & contextual perspective
DD4D Data designed for decisions : DVD-levy
Past looking : historical imagination and the rhetoric of the image / Michael Ann Holly
Perspectives on human communication
Brochures : making a strong impression : 85 strategies for message-driven design
Visual information for everyday use
The rise of the image, the fall of the word
Beyond appearances? : visual practices and ideologies in modern India
What do pictures want? : the lives and loves of images / W.J.T. Mitchell
