http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7942 goddesses
goddesses
The Reaver
Artesia afield
"From acclaimed, award-winning author Jo Walton: Philosopher Kings, a tale of gods and humans, and the surprising things they have to learn from one another. Twenty years have elapsed since the events of The Just City. The City, founded by the time-traveling goddess Pallas Athene, organized on the principles espoused in Plato's Republic and populated by people from all eras of human history, has now split into five cities, and low-level armed conflict between them is not unheard-of.  The god Apollo, living (by his own choice) a human life as "Pythias" in the City, his true identity known only to a few, is now married and the father of several children. But a tragic loss causes him to become consumed with the desire for revenge. Being Apollo, he goes handling it in a seemingly rational and systematic way, but it's evident, particularly to his precocious daughter Arete, that he is unhinged with grief. Along with Arete and several of his sons, plus a boatload of other volunteers--including the now fantastically aged Marsilio Ficino, the great humanist of Renaissance Florence--Pythias/Apollo goes sailing into the mysterious Eastern Mediterranean of pre-antiquity to see what they can find--possibly the man who may have caused his great grief, possibly communities of the earliest people to call themselves "Greek." What Apollo, his daughter, and the rest of the expedition will discover...will change everything. "-- Provided by publisher
Demeter and Persephone
Dancing for Hathor : women in ancient Egypt
The Egyptian book of living and dying
The fourth Goddess
The prize in the game
Spice & Wolf. [4]
Grimoire of the lamb
From Artemis to Diana : the goddess of man and beast
The Gods of Olympus : a history
Spice & Wolf. vol. 3
Upon the midnight clear
The language of the goddess
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
Inventing and reinventing the goddess : contemporary iterations of Hindu deities on the move
The great goddesses of Egypt
Vāc as a Goddess of victory in the Veda and her relation to Durga
Corpus cultus Cybelae Attidisque (CCCA). 6, Germania, Raetia, Noricum, Pannonia, Dalmatia, Macedonia, Thracia, Moesia, Dacia, regnum Bospori, Cochis, Scythia et Sarmatia
Hermes tricks the gods ; Two loves of Apollo ; Halcyon days
Sora unchained
Supposed Graeco-Roman goddesses and related matter in the Aṅgavijjā
Wild goddesses in India and Nepal : proceedings of an international symposium Berne and Zurich, November 1994
The goddess : power, sexuality, and the feminine divine
Spice & Wolf. vol. 2
Spice & Wolf. [1]
Athena in the classical world
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Goddesses who rule
The philosopher kings
Hand in hand
The Goddess home style guide : divine interiors inspired by Aphrodite, Artemis, Athena, Demeter, Hera, Hestia & Persephone
The goddess and the warrior : the naked goddess and mistress of animals in early Greek religion
A study of the cult site of Foce Sarno in the light of a new interpretation of a fresco painted in a Pompeian lararium known as the Sarno Lararium, along with archaeological materials related to a votive deposit discovered in 1965 and still unpublished, the archaeological evidence in the sacred area of Foce Sarno, and primary sources.
Spice & Wolf. [3]
Goddess Embroideries of the Northlands
Mother Russia : the feminine myth in Russian culture
Spice & Wolf. [7]
Devī-māhātmya : the crystallization of the goddess tradition
The strange maid
Who's who in Egyptian mythology
Mother of Lies
Childhood's end
Warrior rising
The chaos of stars
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Myth, cult and symbols in Śākta Hinduism : a study of the Indian Mother Goddess
Seeking Mahādevī : constructing the indentities of the Hindu Great Goddess
The mythology of the Aztec & Maya : an illustrated encyclopedia of the gods, myths and legends of the Aztecs, Maya and other peoples of ancient Mexico and central America, with over 240 fine art illustrations and photographs
Goddess of Troy
Seiobo there below
Divine by choice
The Routledge dictionary of gods and goddesses, devils and demons
Ancient goddesses : the myths and the evidence
Earthquake
The secret book of sacred things
Mamy Wata o ek danaba = Mamy Wata and the monster
Eleusis : archetypal image of mother and daughter
The goddess chronicle
Goddess Lakṣmī : origin and development
Spice & Wolf. vol. 6
Chosen : a house of night novel
The white goddess : a historical grammar of poetic myth
Virgin mother goddesses of antiquity
Spice & Wolf. vol. 9 : Town of strife. II
The witches' goddess : the feminine principle of divinity
The case of the man who died laughing : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Mystery child
Transformation of a goddess : Ishtar, Astarte, Aphrodite
Kali : the black goddess of Dakshineswar
Devi, the Mother-Goddess : an introduction
Goddess of spring
Archivist wasp : a novel
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
The Goddess of Tantra
Roles of the northern goddess
La dea delle sorgenti di Foce Sarno : Mefitis e il Lucus Iunonis = The goddess of the Foce di Sarno springs : Mefitis and the Lucus Iunonis
Goddesses and the divine feminine : a Western religious history
Tempt the stars
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
Mother goddess and other goddesses
Nut : the goddess of life in text and iconography
The book of the goddess past and present : an introduction to her religion
Sympathy for the devil
The Godborn
Greek gods and goddesses
Wrong number
Goddess of love
Myths and legends
Spice & Wolf. vol. 10
The universal mother
Myths of the world : the illustrated treasury of the world's greatest stories
Symbols of the goddess : universal signs of the divine female
Goddesses in world mythology
The dark wife
Two ravens and one crow
Divine by blood
This book deals with the changing nature of the goddess Ishtar/Astarte/Aphrodite, who was widely revered in the ancient West Asia and the Mediterranean world and was known by different names. Although the three names are often closely related, their mutual relation has not yet been sufficiently clarified. They appear with different characters and attributes in various areas and periods. ... In this volume, specialists on different areas and periods discuss the theme from various perspectives, allowing a new and broader understanding of the goddess(es) concerned. The areas covered range from Mesopotamia to the Levant, Egypt and the Mediterranean world, the periods embraced from the third millenium BCE to the Hellenistic age. The volume is the fruit of an international conference held in Tokyo in 2011. Drawing on discussions at the conference, each article was completely rewritten.
Demeter, Isis, Vesta, and Cybele : studies in Greek and Roman religion in honour of Giulia Sfameni Gasparro
Spice & Wolf. [2]
The lost sun
Cult, culture, and authority : Princess Liê̂̃u Hạnh in Vietnamese history
Gods and goddesses of ancient Egypt
Spice & Wolf. vol. 4
Indian female gurus in contemporary Hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
"Various goddesses of the ancient Mediterranean world were once understood to be Virgin Mothers--creators who birthed the entire cosmos without need of a male consort. This is the first book to explore evidence of the original parthenogenetic power of deities such as Athena, Hera, Artemis, Gaia, Demeter, Persephone, and the Gnostic Sophia. It provides stunning feminist insights about the deeper meaning of related stories, such as the judgment of Paris, the labors of Heracles, and the exploits of the Amazons. It also roots the Thesmophoria and Eleusinian Mysteries in female parthenogenetic power, thereby providing what is at long last a coherent understanding of these mysterious rites"--Provided by publisher.
Spice & Wolf. vol. 5
The queen of vengeance
Hindu epics, myths, and legends in popular illustrations
Spice & Wolf. [5]
The symbolism of Hindu gods and rituals
Hades : lord of the dead
Spice & Wolf. [8]
Aphrodite's workshop for reluctant lovers
This book examines from different perspectives some of the most challenging themes in Mesopotamian religion such as gender switch of deities and changes of the status, roles and functions of goddesses. The authors incorporate recent scholarship from various disciplines into their analysis of textual and visual sources, representations in diverse media, theological strategies, typologies, and the place of image in religion and cult over a span of three millennia. Different types of syncretism (fusion, fission, mutation) resulted in transformation and homogenization of goddesses' roles and functions. The processes of syncretism (a useful heuristic tool for studying the evolution of religions and the attendant political and social changes) and gender switch were facilitated by the fluidity of personality due to multiple or similar divine roles and functions.
Spice & Wolf. vol. 7 : Side colors
Goddess of the rose
Spice & Wolf. vol. 1
Burned : a house of night novel : book seven of the house of night series
The phantom racer
Mamy Wata iyo bahalkii = Mamy Wata and the monster
Goddesses unknown II : on the apparent Old Norse goddess Ilmr
Wildefire
The Roman goddess Ceres
Usborne illustrated guide to Norse myths and legends
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
Goddesses and women in the Indic religious tradition
X-Necrosha
Nine worlds : a game of cosmic drama
Revision of papers presented at a conference on the Mother Goddess at Carleton University in November 1987 with the help of Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada and the Department of Religion, Carleton University.
Goddesses in art
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
The cat in ancient Egypt
The Great Goddess and the Aistian mythical world
Spice & Wolf. [6]
The hidden goddess
Spice & Wolf. vol. 8 : Town of strife. I
Goddesses in context : on divine powers, roles, relationships and gender in Mesopotamian textual and visual sources
The philosopher kings : a novel
The Greek myths : stories of the Greek gods and heroes vividly retold
Brill's companion to Aphrodite
Cursed by fire
Goddess of the sea
Goddess : myths of the female divine
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
