http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7947 logbooks
logbooks
The year of reading dangerously : how fifty great books (and two not-so-great ones) saved my life
Select bibliography
The lighthouse keeper's lunch
GMDSS radio log book : incorporating the simplified F/V GMDSS log book
266 days under canvas : log book 1933-34
Development of incident management tool for it support organization
Numerical and behavioural responses of breeding ducks to hunting and different ecological factors
Breeding and movements of the Herring Gull Larus argentatus in the northern Baltic : strategies for reproduction and survival of a successful species
Log of the Centurion
I`m working for Nokia as an Operations specialist and my main jos is to monitor and operate production, development, test and training systems to provide 2nd level support for global SAP and e-business systems. When I started in this organization, we didn`t have any electronic tool for keeping a log of problems that occurred during the day. We needed a simple tool - a logbook - for a daily use. It should be easy to use, and it should include all necessary details about incidents that occur. The tool should help us to find similar cases which helps in troubleshooting. We should also be able to gather some statistic regarding which environments cause incidents, availability of systems, number of duty admin assignments etc. We decided to use an application that was already partly in use in our organization. The application is called HP OpenView Service Desk. Service Desk in an enterprise solution that enables organization to implement support processes and align IT processes with business needs. Service Desk is application that supports an integrated set of support processes such as call management, incident management and problem management with quality processes such as configurations, change, work and service level management. I designed and created the basic form, which is used to create new indicents to the logbook. The form changed a lot during this project, because we got more and more services to our resbonsibility and even more details were needed in order to get better statistics and reports. I also created some templates, filtered data views and reports. Eventually the logbook got a name Incident Management Tool and it was enladged to cover the whole organization, not just our team. It also generated certain Critical Incident Management and Communication Process, in which every member of our Incident Management and Communication Process, in which every member of our organization has a role and area of responsibility if a service or a part of serviceis down.
On board
A history of the practice of navigation
