http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p794 response to treatment
response to treatment
Central nervous system permeation of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and paracetamol in children
Evidence-based rehabilitation : a guide to practice
Abstract.
Prognostic importance of the tumour microenvironment in follicular lymphoma patients treated with immunochemotherapy
Aberrant kinase activation as a therapy target : chronic myeloid leukemia as a model disease
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Intervention effects to preattentive processing of emotional information in depressed individuals : a study of ERPs and reaction times
Evaluation of tumor suppressor gene p53, oncogene c-erbB-2 and matrix-metalloproteinase-9 as prognostic and predictive factors in breast carcinoma
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer's disease
Mechanisms behind stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction
Targeted therapy sensitivity and resistance in solid malignancies
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
Electroconvulsive therapy : association of genetic polymorphisms with treatment resistant depression and treatment response
Immunological boosting and personalization of oncolytic virotherapies for cancer treatment
Genetic polymorphisms and laboratory variables as predictors of blood pressure response to antihypertensive drugs
New insights into enhancing morphine analgesia : from glia to pharmacokinetics
Early detection of severe sepsis in the emergency room in adults : clinical utility of prognostic markers
Novel prognostic factors in chronic myeloid leukemia
Evidence of benefit from telemental health applications : a systematic review
The effect of lithium gamma-linolenate therapy of pancreatic cancer on perfusion in liver and pancreatic tissue : [letter to the editor]
Occupation-based activity analysis
Prognostic and predictive markers in advanced colorectal carcinoma
Drug resistance in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia
Use of preclinical and early clinical data for dose selection of a selective estrogen receptor modulator toremifene in treatment of breast cancer
Metabolomics in dietary interventions : special emphasis on effects of grain products and fish on lipidomic profile
Innate immune responses in obliterative bronchiolitis after lung transplation : the role of statins and hypoxia-inducible factor-1
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large b-cell lymphoma
Multiple myeloma treatment in the era of novel agents : special reference to minimal residual disease, stem cell mobilization and drug sensitivity testing
Individualised care from the surgical patient's point of view : developing and testing a model
Comorbidity, outcome and treatment of major depressive disorder in psychiatric care
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
Subjective outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions : a naturalistic follow-up study among Finnish adolescent psychiatric outpatients
Individualized chemical systems medicine of acute and chronic myeloid leukemia
Ischemic heart disease is one of the leading cause of death in the Western world. There is convincing evidence that stem cell therapy improves cardiac function and reduces the scar formation following an acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The mechanisms involved in the recovery remain partly unknown.Direct injection of stem cells into myocardium is a widely used transplantation technique though there are few details available about the behavior of cells after transplantation. A cardiac explant culture model simulating tissue stress was developed in this study to examine in detail the properties of the stem cells after their transplantation. The migration range in myocardium and the number of adherent stem cells increased with time. In vitro and in vivo studies revealed that after their administration, the stem cells became localized in the slit-like spaces, such as in the capillaries. Even though the study outcomes regarding the impact of stem cell therapy in recovery after AMI have been largely promising, the results of the clinical studies have proved to be more controversial. If one wishes to evaluate the true contribution of the stem cell therapy to the recovery, it is essential to devise a reliable study method for cell targeting. Here, iron labeled stem cells in combination with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were used. The MRI data corresponded to the histological results. Thus, it is concluded that MRI is a feasible method for monitoring the effectiveness of cell targeting.Stem cell treatment was shown to increase cardiac function at three weeks after AMI. If there was a high number of stem cells in cardiac tissue after transplantation, this predicted a greater improvement in cardiac function. Improper stem cell injection may lead to leakage of the stem cells out of the myocardium, leading to unreproducible study results.Inflammation modulating factors secreted by the stem cells are considered as key mechanisms in the recovery after AMI. There were differences in the cytokine levels between the stem cell treated and control groups in a clinical and in vivo animal study i.e. stem cell therapy exerted a balancing effect on the inflammatory process, a crucial component in the optimal recovery after AMI.The present study reveals many properties of stem cells, importance of cell targeting and the influence of stem cell therapy on cytokine levels after AMI.
Bayesian multi-view models for data-driven drug response analysis
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
Preconditioning methods in cell therapy of the heart
Circulating glucocorticoid bioactivity and serum glucocorticoid-responsive biomarkers during steroid therapy in children and adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Treatment of patients comorbid with alcohol dependence and major depressive disorder with memantine and escitalopram : outcome and predictors
Prognostic impact of preoperative and postoperative critical conditions on the outcome of coronary artery bypass surgery
Oxidative stress in the pathogenesis and prognosis of ovarian cancer
Genetic factors in schizophrenia : studies on treatment response to typical neuroleptics and age at onset
Outcome after tonsillectomy in adult patients with recurrent pharyngitis
Accountability in couple therapy for depression : a mixed methods study in a naturalistic setting in Finland
What do we know about treatment-resistant schizophrenia? : a systematic review
Coronary artery disease is the leading cause of death in the world. The outcome of patients at a very high operative risk undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery has not been thoroughly investigated.Cohorts of patients underwent coronary surgery between January 1997 and December 2013 at the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. Data was acquired from electronic patient records. Statistical analysis was performed on the collected data to evaluate outcome and identify predictors of adverse events.Very high-risk patients who underwent isolated coronary artery bypass surgery had a high 30-day mortality (16.2%), but their 5-year survival was satisfactory (66.8%).Survivors of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest were compared to a control group. Immediate postoperative mortality was slightly higher in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest patients (6.3% vs. 0%, p = 0.24), but the overall 5-year survival rates were similar (80.7% vs. 84.5%).Patients with preoperative stage 3 chronic kidney disease have a higher mortality than patients with stage 1-2 chronic kidney disease. Kidney function decline/year was predictive of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality and also tended to predict fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events.The E-CABG postoperative complication grading system was used to stratify the severity and prognostic impact of postoperative complications and was shown to predict early and late mortality for these patients.The outcome of emergency coronary artery bypass surgery was studied in a multi-center setting. Increasing emergency classes, left ventricular ejection fraction ≤30%, on-pump surgery, and participating centers were independent predictors of in-hospital mortality. Survival rates at 1, 3 and 5 years were 86.4%, 81.6%, and 76.1%.Despite the high preoperative risk of these patients, the long-term outcome for coronary surgery is satisfactory. Patients with stage 3 chronic kidney disease may experience a significant decline in kidney function and poor outcome. Early referral to a nephrologist may be beneficial for these patients. The E-CABG complication grading system seems to be a promising tool for stratifying the severity and prognostic impact of complications occurring after coronary surgery.
Novel strategies for spinal cord injury repair
Non-transferrin-bound iron in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
