http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7946 conflicts (societal events)
conflicts (societal events)
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Psychological conflict and defense
The effect of level of trust, communication and difference in conflict management style on the perceived level of conflict between managers and employees in commercial banks in Nepal
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
Conflict resolution and the structure of the state system : an analysis of arbitrative settlements
No light in sight on the Korean peninsula : lingering threats and regional responses
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
On state, marginalization, and origins of rebellion : the formation of insurgencies in Southern Sudan
Uneasy neighbors : India, Pakistan and US foreign policy
The Arab - Israeli conflict : psychological obstacles to peace
Setting limits with your strong-willed teen : eliminating conflict by establishing clear, firm, and respectful boundaries
Is privatization of education beneficial for Morocco? : evaluation of Morocco's privatization policy on the basis of a cross-sectional study of quality of education in public and private schools in Casablanca
The United Nations and collective management of international conflict
Justice without violence
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
The many faces of a conflict:representations of the 1981 Northern Irish hunger strike in international press
Crisis and conflict in Nigeria
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
The North Caucasus : Russia's long struggle to subdue the Circassians
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
Gender and security in Africa : an Overview
Past-masters of illegality
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to  Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
The new threat : from Islamic militancy
The French intifada : the long war between France and its Arabs
The divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
The rest just follows, or, Up here
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
The wasted vigil
Conflict prevention and conflict management in Northeast Asia
The arrows of time
Conflict management in long-distance intercultural relationships
War - what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilisation, from primates to robots
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
The morning they came for us : dispatches from Syria
The golden hour: [a Judd Ryker novel]
ICT papers on terrorism
Conflict analysis : models and resolutions
Conflict resolution : concepts and practice
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Rebellion and reform in Indonesia : Jakarta's security and autonomy polices in Aceh
Conflict and human interaction
SIPRI yearbook. 1997 : Armaments, disarmament and international security
Conflict and terrorism in Southern Thailand
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
Ari Rusila's BalkanBlog : Balkans, The Middle East, EU and conflicts
Footnotes in Gaza
The alchemy of stone
The news media in national and international conflict
The effect of strategy practices on conflicts
Caught in crossfire : civilians in conflicts in the Middle East
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
The case of Western Sahara from the perspective of jus cogens
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Inauthenticity in friendship and associations with well-being in adolescence
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
The aftermath of war : experiences and social attitudes in the western Balkans
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
Cultural and structural violence in education : reflections based on Johan Galtung's theories of violence
Border and territorial disputes
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
Shell shocked : on the ground under Israel's Gaza assault
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
The other Arab-Israeli conflict : making America's Middle East policy, from Truman to Reagan
Conflict management as a means to the sustainable use of natural resources
Managing intergroup conflict in industry
Northern Ireland : living with the crisis
How do international norms travel? : women's political rights in Cambodia and Timor-Leste
Only man is vile : the tragedy of Sri Lanka
Conflict in the Caucasus
The winter boy
Ethnic and religious conflicts : Europe and Asia
Strategic decision-making in crisis and war
Recognition theory as social research
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
Resettlement, resource conflicts, livelihood revival and reintegration in south Sudan : a study of the processes and institutional issues at the local level in Magwi county
Security threats and public perception : digital Russia and the Ukraine Crisis
The conflict society : reaction and revolution in Latin America
Constructive conflict management : Asia-Pacific cases
Strengthening the EU's peace mediation capacities : leveraging for peace through new ideas and thinking
Conflict and co-operation in business organizations
Cross-functional conflicts in new product launches in the food industry
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
The iron wall : Israel and the Arab World
Understanding international conflicts: an introduction to theory and history
The handbook of conflict resolution : theory and practice
The crux of the Cyprus question
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
At a time when most observers saw war in Europe as belonging to an ever more distant past, the wars of Yugoslav succession shattered this illusion. The direct and indirect consequences of these wars for people in the region are still not fully understood, but it is clear that the war has had far reaching social and political consequences for each national society as a whole.This groundbreaking volume provides a series of analyses of experiences and social attitudes in the Western Balkans in the aftermath of those wars. Based on survey data from 22,000 respondents, the editors have created a volume which contributes to our understanding of both specific war-related effects as well as a detailed description of contemporary attitudes and values across these societies.This book will be of interest to academic specialists and students interested in the effects of war on psychological health and on ethnic relations in the Western Balkans as well as how this applies to other post-conflict societies. It will also be of interest to sociologists, political scientists, and historians studying differences in attitudes between the countries, ethnic groups, and generations in this region related to diverse topics from ethnic tolerance to states' responsibility for equality and gender roles.
"Armed separatist movements in Papua, East Timor and Aceh have been a serious problem for Indonesia's central government. This book examines the policies of successive Indonesian governments to contain secessionist forces, focusing in particular on Jakarta's response towards the armed separatist movement in Aceh. Unlike other studies of separatism in Indonesia, this book concentrates on the responses of the central government rather than looking only at the separatist forces. It shows how successive governments have tried a wide range of approaches, including military repression, offers of autonomy, peace talks and a combination of these. It discusses the lessons that have been learned from these different approaches and analyzes the impact of the tsunami, including the successful accommodation of former rebels within an Indonesian devolved state structure and the expanding implementation of Islamic law."--Jacket.
Barents Sea energy resources & regional cooperation : new challenges and opportunities
The broken land
Strane boy
Initiating a peace process in Papua : actors, issues, process, and the role of the international community
Enforcing the laws of anarchical society : the case of Iran in the United Nations Security Council
Worst. Person. Ever
Death's bright day : a republic of Cinnabar navy novel
Emancipated from the motherland? : leadership change in northern Cyprus offers a chance for reunification of the island
Interpersonal conflict resolution
Ethno-territorial conflicts and boundaries in the former Soviet Union
Diplomacy and psychology
The Kashmir story
Peace IT! : using ICTs to prevent, manage and resolve crises
The 33 strategies of war
Latin America and the illusion of peace
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Seven for a secret
Crimea, global rivalry, and the vengeance of history
We Are All Georgians : The Neoconservative Narrative on the Russia-Georgia War
"India fighting with itself" : discourses on the Naxalite movement in Indian news media
Conflict of national identity in Sudan
Linguistic analysis of online conflicts: a case study of flaming in the Smokahontas comment thread on YouTube
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
The iron man
Conflict regulation in divided societies
Essays on leadership
America right or wrong : an anatomy of American nationalism
The blazing star
No mission is impossible : the death-defying missions of the Israeli Special Forces
The Cyprus question : a concise guide to the history, politics, and law of the Cyprus question
Social science and conflict analysis : proceedings of the international conference The Role of Social Science in Conflict Resolution held in Helsinki 9.-13.1.1993
Wolf winter
Peacemaking and the consultant's role
On war : political violence in the international system
Fuelling war or buying peace : the role of corruption in conflicts
Polyandry, multiple mating and sexual conflict in a water strider, Aquarius paludum
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
Cyprus in the thirties : British colonial rule and the roots of the Cyprus conflict
Reflections on the challenge of reconstructing post-conflict states in West Africa : insights from Claude Ake's political writings
Ethnic conflict : international perspectives
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
A human rights approach to conflict prevention, management and resolution in the Africa's Great Lakes region : a focus on the DRC conflict
Americas Afghanistan war : the success that failed
Peacemaking or faking interactive conflict resolution in contemporary conflicts
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
No good men among the living : America, the Taliban, and the war through Afghan eyes
Organizational Conflicts Perceived by Marketing Executives
The role of conflict in interpersonal knowledge transfer
Women and peace-building : did Security Council's resolution 1325 on women, security and peace empower women in post-conflict peace-building in Kosovo?
The Israeli solution : a one-state plan for peace in the Middle East
Complex interpersonal conflict behaviour : theoretical frontiers
Political undercurrents of the Ukraine conflict : the reshaping of power relationships in Europe
Conflict : resolution and provention
You can't hide the sun : a journey through Israel and Palestine
Gender and conflict analysis in mediation process design : analytical tools for mediation teams
Violence and conflict in the material record
The so called 'cartoon crisis' that arose in the wake of the publication of twelve satirical drawings of the Prophet Muhammad has been discussed in numerous ways. So far, however, the debate has not included a deeper analysis of why the desecration of Islam's prophet ignited such a response. Contrary to the claims of Islamic dogmaticism, the attributions regarding Muhammad's properties as a human being in Islamic culture in certain ways supersedes the cult for Allah. Muhammad is perceived as the perfect human being, and everything good about humanity consequently has Muhammad at its root. The disfavouring of Muhammad therefore is the disfavouring of any Muslim and of humanity as such. The article argues that the cartoons were interpreted more than anything else as a mockery of human dignity, and that the response was in defense of that rather than of Islamic dogmaticism.
Key actors in the EU's eastern neighbourhood : competing perspectives on geostrategic tensions
The Arctic from a military viewpoint : a summary of Jacob Børresen's presentation at the Suomenlinna seminar
International regimes in East-West politics
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Points of choice : by Roger Fisher
Man and international relations : contributions of the social sciences to the study of conflict and integration. 1, Conflict
The dark side of close relationships II
Conflict of Interest : The Common Thread Underlying Ethical Lapses
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Muslim-Christian conflicts : economic, political, and social origins
Essentials of organizational behavior
Cyprus : the island of sustained crisis. Volume 2, March 1964 - August 1964
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
Conflict, decision, and dissonance
Sudan : the failure and division of an African state
Resistance during the armed conflict in the Chocó, Colombia : a case study on the development of territorial and cultural resistance of the indigenous communities since the 1980s
Violence explained : the sources of conflict, violence and crime and their provention
Managing environmental disputes : network management as an alternative
Conflict in art
Weapons of mass defamation : aspects of the 2006 'Cartoon Crisis'
Self-determination and borders : the obligation to show consideration for the interests of others
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Message in a bottle
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
In the trenches
Perceptions of Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot of the Cyprus problem then and now : a study of contemporary Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot nationalism
According to the latest reports of United Nations, the biggest challenge facing the world at the  present and in the next decades is water scarcity. Trans-boundary water resources from history to  present either lead to cooperation or to confrontation and conflicts.  For the last six decades, it has not been possible to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the water  issue has been raised as one of the keys for solving the conflict or having a successful discussion.  The history of the water conflict in the Middle East began by the foundation of the Israeli state in  1948. Since that time Israelis have tried to secure the state water supplies using different water  resources in the area. The rapidly growth of the driving forces (Nexus) has become a source of  numerous conflicts with their neighbours.  The whole area has suffered from water shortage and unsuccessful managing of the water  resources. Palestinians, Israelis, Jordanians, Syrians and Lebanese are sharing the major part of  their water resources, the Jordan River and the aquifer of the West Bank and Garza Strip being  the main sources of water resources for Israelis and for the Palestinians. Dividing the land will  not be a solution to water gaps. It is likely to make the situation even worse.  Several methods and tools have been developed worldwide to assist the riparians to manage their  own shared water resources, part of which are technical and other social -political methods.  Scarcity index is one technical numerical method developed to assist the parties to allocate the  shared water resources and to assist on recovering the water gaps. Based on the mentioned  methods numerous agreements have been made and discussions have been held between the  riparians to achieve peace and co-operation. Some of them have been implemented, the other  remain open due to the political changes in the area.
Experiences from multicultural decision-making : challenges to protection in conflict situations
Turning the tide : U.S. intervention in Central America and the struggle for peace
Bibliography on world conflict and peace
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
Two equal and sovereign peoples : a documented background to the Cyprus problem and the concept of partnership
Thinking about the logic and ethics of coercion
The Albanian Question : Reshaping the Balkans
Political dialoge in Northern : the Brooke iniatitive, 1989-92
Climate wars : the fight for survival as the world overheats
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
Cyprus : conflict and negotiation 1960-1980
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
The spread of extra-European conflicts to Europe : concepts and analysis
Conclusions: alternatives to violence
This Discussion Paper explores the debates, theoretical perspectives and current trends in gender, conflict and post-conflict reconstruction, and security sector reform (SSR) in Africa. It provides a broad overview of and critical insights into the gender-conflict-security nexus, capturing the trends in the discourses, identifying the gaps in the literature and prioritising issues and areas for future research. This Discussion Paper is essential reading for all those with a deep interest in gender, peace, development and security in Africa, particularly gender scholars, students, activists and practitioners.
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
This Discussion Paper is based on a theoretical exploration of state reconstruction and the prospects for peacebuilding in post-conflict West African countries based on critical reflections on the political thought of Claude Ake, one of Nigeria's foremost political thinkers. Its point of departure is the refutation of the view that the state project in Africa is 'hopeless' or at a dead-end. It therefore revisits the debate on the viability of the state project in the continent, particularly as it relates to those West African states emerging from or affected by violent conflict. While acknowledging the shortcomings of the state-formation project in some post conflict West African countries, the author argues that the state remains a key institutional and social actor that needs to be understood more in terms of its historical moorings, political economy and marginal position in the international order. Drawing on Ake's postulations about the limited autonomy of the state in Africa and its links to political violence and conflict, the author critiques both the hegemonic discourses on the nature of the state in Africa and those relating to post-conflict peacebuilding in the continent. The analysis of the latter focuses on the epistemological groundings of mainstream peacebuilding discourses, and posits that there is no guarantee that such imported models ensure sustainable peace in West Africa. Thus, the paper makes a compelling case for reinventing the state in West Africa based on autochthonous democratic transformation in favour of ordinary people. In this regard, it argues for an endogenous transformation of the state in Africa in ways that can strongly root it in the people as a fundamental step towards sustainable and locally owned participatory peacebuilding. It thereby opens up a new perspective on state reconstruction as a step towards ending violent conflict in the sub-region.
Organizational conflict, conflict management, and communication : a social complexity perspective
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
Myths and facts 1989 : a concise record of the Arab-Israeli conflict
The Cyprus question : A concide guide to the history, politics, and law of the Cyprus Question
Resolving conflicts at work : a complete guide for everyone on the job
Fragile femininities, violent masculinities? : gender in the reintegration of Maoist ex-combatants in Nepal
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The nature of conflict : studies on the sociological aspects of international tensions
Feuding societies
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Changing games, changing strategies : critical investigations in security
Balancing conflicting tertiary stakeholder expectations : management perspective
Conflict, corruption, perception, remedies : (the role of the United Nations in war economies)
India-Pakistan : the history of unsolved conflicts. Vol. 1, The historical part
Managing a boreal forest landscape for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
Sudan : race, religion and violence
Not another Transnistria : how sustainable is separatism in Eastern Ukraine?
How do local governments change? : variations in time and place for conflicts in different forms
The art of conflict prevention
This burning land : lessons from the front lines of the transformed Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Sex differences in styles of conflict resolution : a developmental and cross-cultural study with data from Finland, Israel, Italy, and Poland
When good friends go bad
The world in conflict
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
"In No Mission Is Impossible, Michael Bar-Zohar and Nissim Mishal return with the intensely absorbing, fast-paced story of thirty of the boldest missions of the Israeli Special Forces. Bar-Zohar and Mishal depict in electrifying detail major battles, raids in enemy territory, and death-defying commando missions while also sharing the personal stories of both soldiers and top commanders, revealing their hopes and fears. The stories are often of victories, but sometimes also of immense failures, and run side-by-side with the accounts of the lives and accomplishments of some of Israel's most prominent figures, including Moshe Dayan, Ariel Sharon, the brothers Netanyahu, Ehud Barak, and Avigdor Kahalani. We follow Sharon, from his near death at the battle of Latrun in 1948, to his crossing Suez in 1973; we are with Ehud Barak, dressed in women's clothes, when he commands a daring raid in Beirut in 1973, and then when he is elected Prime Minister in 1999. Besides recounting the mesmerizing, high-stakes missions, No Mission Is Impossible includes an interview in each chapter with a major figure who took part in the mission discussed, including some of the most prominent players in Israeli politics, and stunning photographs, many published for the first time."--Amazon website.
Palestine and international law : the legal aspects of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
Private peacemaking : USIP-assisted peacemaking projects of nonprofit organizations
Before emergency: : conflict prevention and the media
Report of the Conferece on Contemporary Problems of the Law of Armed Conflicts, Geneva 15-20 September 1969.
New conflicts and their peaceful resolution : post-cold war conflicts, alternative means for their resolution, and the case of Nagorno-Karabakh
"Written for both the seasoned professional and the student who wants to deepen their understanding of the processes involved in conflicts and their knowledge of how to manage them constructively, this book provides an understanding for managing conflicts at all levels--interpersonal, intergroup, organizational, and international. Each chapter focuses around a central case or illustration of the practice with a discussion for both training and direct intervention. This new edition includes companion downloadable chapters and new information on conflict resolution and IT, social networks, schools, families, environment and much more"--
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
