http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7941 pictorial communication
pictorial communication
Learning to see. 2
Problems, solutions : visual thinking for graphic communicators
Shaping information : the rhetoric of visual conventions
Things I have learned in my life so far
Comics and visual culture : research studies from ten countries = La bande dessinée et la culture visuelle : traveaux de recherche réalisés dans dix pays = Comics und visuelle Kultur : Forschungsberichten aus zehn Ländern
Just a message, not a riddle
Interpretation of advertising pictures in cross-cultural setting
Art, perception, and reality
Good looking : essays on the virtue of images
The fundamentals of creative photography
The ecstasy of things : from the functional object to the fetish in 20th century photographs
Visual communication : images with messages
The spoken image : photography and language
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
Ray Johnson correspondences
Exploring online self-presentation in computer-mediated environments : motives and reasons for photo-tagging and untagging
How to catch the unpredictable? : making a wildlife dokumentary
Technological changes have radically altered the ways in which people use visual images. Since the invention of photography, imagery has increasingly been used for entertainment, journalism, information, medical diagnostics, instruction, and communication. These functions move the image beyond aesthetic issues associated with art and into the realm of communication studies. This introductory textbook introduces students to the terminology of visual literacy, methods for analyzing visual media, and theories on the relationship between visual communication and culture. Exploring the meanings associated with visual symbols and the relationship of visual communication to culture, this book will provide students with a better understanding of the visually oriented world in which they live. Student-friendly features such as boxed topics, key terms, web resources, and suggestions for exercises are provided throughout.
Silent poetry : deafness, sign and visual culture in modern France
The engine of visualization : thinking through photography
New scholarship from BFI research
The telling image : the changing balance between pictures and words in a technological age
Is the medium the message? : visible knowledge, writing, picturing, visual message
Cuteness & complexity : issue 1
The feminism and visual culture reader / edited by Amelia Jones
The glitterguru on photoshop from concept to cool
Interaction of media, cognition, and learning : an exploration of how symbolic forms cultivate mental skills and affect knowledge acquisition
From cave painting to comic strip : a kaleidoscope of human communication
Looking at pictures
Representing ageing : images and identities
Into video art : the characteristics of a medium = de karakteristieken van een medium
Visual "literacy" : image, mind and reality
Design for communication : conceptual graphic design basics
Empowerment of children and young with help of nature
New super identity : the new era of creative branding
The Lesotho herders video project : explorations in visual anthropology
Low budget/high quality design
The essential image : motif and motivation, expansion and expression, and the essential image in visual culture
The visual effects arsenal : VFX solutions for the independent filmmaker
A multimedia system for filing and printing video pictures
On printed matter and beyond : media, orality and literacy
Visuals for information : research and practice
Invariant shape recognition using global Gabor features
On air : the visual messages and global language of MTV (Music Television)
Illustration as an art
On enriching requirements engineering work using icons
Caught looking : feminism, pornography and censorship
An introduction to visual communication : from cave art to second life
Made to entertain : how to make a wildlife documentary - an ethical approach
Seeing is believing : an introduction to visual communication
Video violence and children
Teaching multiliteracies across the curriculum : changing contexts of text and image in classroom practice
Semiotics of visual language
The burden of visual truth : the role of photojournalism in mediating reality
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
Prosthetic culture : photography, memory and identity
Ambient art : creative information representation
Learning to see. 3
Visual communication : more than meets the eye
Towards a theory of the image
Envisioning information
Visualization analysis & design
This collection critically examines twenty-first century representations of ageing, focusing on images/imagery/discourses found in various media as well as individuals' own experiences and self-presentations of ageing and identity, drawing on new innovative, qualitative empirical data. The contributors represent a range of disciplinary areas but all are concerned with how ageing is currently understood, experienced, represented and talked about. The contexts in which these issues are debated include advertising, women's and over fifties' magazines, beauty and hair care routines, art therapy, documenting family relations, positive ageing campaign and biographical photography. Many topical issues are examined, such as the discursive construction of age identities, positive ageing, anti-ageing, ageism, age relations and the body. This book will be of interest to students and researchers in cultural and social gerontology, discourse and identity and lifespan communication, as well as those working in marketing and with older people either directly or indirectly. -- Publisher description.
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Information graphics in technical documentation
Art as communicative practice for teenagers
Art, design and visual culture : an introduction
See what I mean? : an introduction to visual communication
Visual paraphrases : studies in mass media imagery
Top graphic design : examples of visual communication by leading graphic designers = visuelles Kommunikations-Design an Beispielen führender Grafik-Designer = le "design" de communication visuelle illustré par des graphistes de premier plan
Pictorial concepts : inquiries into the semiotic heritage and its relevance to the interpretation of ..
Interpreting visual culture : explorations in the hermeneutics of the visual
Screen : essays on graphic design, new media and visual culture
The photography handbook
Creating destruction : constructing images of violence and genocide
Viewing, imaging and the derivation of meaning in the use of black and white, static visual media : an approach to photographic interpretation in the classroom
Introduction to visual literacy : a guide to the visual arts and communication
Ways of seeing
Prints and visual communication
Advances in visual semiotics : the semiotic web 1992-93
The use of photographs in educational research
Ideology and the image : social representation in the cinema and other media
Studying visual communication
Learning to see. 5
Selective audio-visual instruction for mentally retarded pupils
Learning to see. 1
The disciplinary frame : photographic truths and the capture of meaning
Wall chart technique : the use of wall charts for effective planning
Black and white media : black images in popular film and television
Dynamic identities in cultural and public contexts
Seeing is believing : The politics of the visual
RUA/TV? : Heidegger and the televisual
Heuretics : the logic of invention
"Visualization Analysis and Design provides a systematic, comprehensive framework for thinking about visualization in terms of principles and design choices. The book features a unified approach encompassing information visualization techniques for abstract data, scientific visualization techniques for spatial data, and visual analytics techniques for interweaving data transformation and analysis with interactive visual exploration. It emphasizes the careful validation of effectiveness and the consideration of function before form. The book breaks down visualization design according to three questions: what data users need to see, why users need to carry out their tasks, and how the visual representations proposed can be constructed and manipulated. It walks readers through the use of space and color to visually encode data in a view, the trade-offs between changing a single view and using multiple linked views, and the ways to reduce the amount of data shown in each view. The book concludes with six case studies analyzed in detail with the full framework. The book is suitable for a broad set of readers, from beginners to more experienced visualization designers. It does not assume any previous experience in programming, mathematics, human-computer interaction, or graphic design and can be used in an introductory visualization course at the graduate or undergraduate level"--Provided by publisher.
Visual representations of life without dignity : a semiotic analysis of the visual rhetoric in Amnesty International's 'Stop Violence Against Women* campaign advertisements
English summary.
Semantic visions in design : proceedings from the Symposium on Design Research and Semiotics, 17.-18.5.1989 at University of Industrial Arts Helsinki UIAH
Visualize this / the flowingdata guide to design, visualization and statistics
The visible text : textual production and reproduction from Beowulf to Maus
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Beyond appearances? : visual practices and ideologies in modern India
Effects of halftoning and noise on visualperception of spatial signals
Pictogram & icon graphics 2
