http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7944 disputes
disputes
Responding to community conflict : a review of neighbourhood mediation
American wife
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Bleak house
Milton and the grounds of contention
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Inventing the public sphere : the public debate during the investiture contest (c. 1030-1122)
The red queen
The promise of mediation : the transformative approach to conflict
Halfway home : a novel
Bleak house. 2
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
Honey Brown is married
Pirate Patch and the five-minute fortune
On transnational politically motivated consumer boycotts : their emergence, evolution, and ending
The complexity of cross-cultural behaviour in a multinational team : a study of the Oulu Polytechnic students
The Tapper twins go to war (with each other)
You don't have to take it anymore : turn your resentful, angry, or emotionally abusive relationship into a compassionate, loving one
Improving human resource management practices in Finland for immigrant workers
I am not a copycat! : featuring Hugo and Bella
Why fight?
Dissension and face-work strategies in German dialogues
Macedonia and Greece : the struggle to define a new Balkan nation
Competing claims on disputed lands : the complexity of resource tenure in the Nicaraguan interior
The award-winning first edition of "The Promise of Mediation," published ten years ago, is a landmark classic that changed the field's understanding of the theory and practice of conflict intervention. That volume first articulated the "transformative model" of mediation, which greatly humanized the vision of how the mediation process could help parties in conflict. In the past decade, the transformative model has proved itself and gained increasing acceptance. It is now being used in such diverse arenas as workplace, community, family, organizational, and public policy conflicts, among others. In this new edition, the authors draw on a decade of work in theory development, training, practice, research, and assessment to present a thoroughly revised and updated account of the transformative model of mediation and its practical application, including a compelling description of how the field has moved toward increasing acceptance of the transformative model a new and clearer presentation of the theory and practices of transformative mediation, with many concrete examples a new case study that provides a vivid picture of the model in practice, with a commentary full of new information about how to use it effectively clarifications of common misconceptions about the model a vision for the future that shows how the model can coexist with other approaches and where the "market" for transformative mediation is emerging This volume is a foundational resource on transformative practice, for both readers of the first edition and new readers - including mediators, facilitators, lawyers, administrators, human resource professionals, policymakers, and conflictresolution researchers and educators. More generally, this book will strike a chord with anyone interested in humanizing our social institutions and building on a relational vision of society.
This is the way
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Diplomatic and judicial means of dispute settlement
Forty days without shadow
The Hueys in it wasn't me
Schroder : a novel
Alphonse, that is not ok to do!
Phantom eyes
Warrior
Omalongo giili na giili : ongaka gaakuaevangeli na ngoka gaakuakatoliki : the differences between evangelical and catholic doctrines
"Marketing professionals have relied on Hartley's book for 30 years to uncover the best and worst marketing programs. Invitation to Research suggestions allow readers to take the case a step further, to investigate what has happened since the case was written, both to the company and even to some of the individuals involved. Learning Insights help marketing professionals see how certain practices--both errors and successes--cross company lines and are prone to be either traps for the unwary or success models. Each chapter has been updated to reflect the latest information available about each case"--
Lost innocence
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
Disputing strategies in medieval Scandinavia
The social network
The drought
The third side : why we fight and how we can stop
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Maps for lost lovers
Princess of thorns
We need to talk about Kevin
Chill
Living with bad surroundings : war and uncertainty in Northern Uganda
The Christmas pearl. Carolina girls
Helping children deal with conflict
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Two nests
The bonehunters' revenge : dinosaurs, greed, and the greatest scientific feud of the gilded age
Mediating interpersonal conflicts : a pathway to peace
Job control and union structure : a study on plant-level industrial conflict in the United States with a comparative perspective on West Germany
Anton and the battle
Conflict
Forced to be family : a guide for living with sinister sisters, drama mamas, and infuriating in-laws
Names my sisters call me
With a friend like you
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
The very grumpy day
The dark side of close relationships II
African Carmen : transnational cinema as an arena for cultural contradictions
The Worst Thing About My Sister
Communication and Conflict in International Business : Case of India and Finland
The second deadly sin
The gilded dinosaur : the fossil war between E. D. Cope and O. C. Marsh and the rise of American science
Face it : recognizing and conquering the hidden fear that drives all conflict at work
Iris and Isaac
The testament
"I will send badass viruses." Peer threats and the interplay of pretend frames in a classroom dispute
Guide to the Finnish arbitration rules
The rumour
When my parents forgot how to be friends
Babar's battle
Maritime boundary disputes, settlement processes, and the law of the sea
Interpersonal conflict
The role of conflict and conflict potential in international joint ventures
Three sides to a story : an investigation into the applicability of cultural adjustment models
Art in America
Learning non-aggression : the experience of non-literate societies
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Diggers and dumpers
Cultural crisis and prerequisites for cultural rebirth
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
I am my mother's daughter : making peace with mom before it's too late
Why be unfriendly?
Dispute settlement in the WTO - towards rule integrity
The squabble
Embers of revival: laestadian schisms in northeast Minnesota, 1900-1940
Role ambiguity among school principals in China and Finland
Acquisition Failure : the case of a multinational enterprise from an emerging market failing in Indonesia
The worst thing about my sister
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
The dark side of love
The day Leo said I hate you!
Inferno
August : Osage County
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Interparental conflict and child development : theory, research, and applications
On post-conflict affiliation in humans and other primates : methodological considerations
Towards more effective settlement of disputes in the space sector
Exploring the organizing of work for creative individuals:the paradox of art and business in creative industries
Conflict of Interest : The Common Thread Underlying Ethical Lapses
Hot-blooded husbands
Bush v. Gore : exposing the hidden crisis in American democracy
Sorry!
Unjust seizure : conflict, interest, and authority in an early medieval society
National religion and the prayer book controversy
Pa Jinglebob and the Grabble gang
All our worldly goods
Man versus woman : interpersonal disputes in the workmen's community of Deir el-Medina
Bleak house. 1 / introduction by Osbert Sitwell
The snowy day
Family wars : classic conflicts in family business and how to deal with them
Death of a monk
Peer mediation : a process for primary schools
Decisions by district courts in civil cases
That's (not) mine
Marketing mistakes and successes
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Ballet Kitty : Christmas show
Everyday troubles : the micro-politics of interpersonal conflict
What are friends for?
