http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7943 gods
gods
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Modern-day Toronto: Sisters Crystal and Becca Hatcher are reunited after reclaiming the Bronze Codex and narrowly escaping death. They have no one to trust but each other, and the only thing keeping them safe is the book that sent Becca's spirit to Ancient Mytica--the same book that their enemies would kill them for.   Ancient Mytica: Maddox grapples to keep his newly discovered powers under control, while the ruthless goddess Valoria hunts him down.  Modern-day Toronto: Farrell embraces his dark side as he unwittingly falls further under the spell of Markus, the mastermind leader of the nefarious Hawkspear Society, who will stop at nothing to find Crys and Becca--and the remarkable book in their possession.
Two ravens and one crow
Long before he was sent to hell, the Aeon known as Khoth-Kapira was the closest thing to a living god the world had ever known. Possessed of a vast intellect, he pioneered many of the wonders that persist in the world long after he was banished. Nearly every fragment of medical, economic and technological progress that the mortal races enjoyed could be traced back to him. But with his wonders came cruelty beyond measure: industrialised slavery, horrifying experimentations and a rage that would eventually force the world to bow to him. Now, as Khoth-Kapira stirs, the world begins to shudder with disasters yet to come.
The God delusion
The lost hero
Ancient Egyptian celestial healing : the source codes for high frequency
Gods and goddesses in art and legend : great myths as pictured by great masters
In this sharp and darkly mysterious novel Lenk and his fellow adventurers must find their way through the silk-trading city of C'Jer Daal as demons and gods stalk the streets in a battle for dominion even as the thieves guilds go to war for their own petty ends.  Mixing wild magics, exciting swordplay, mystery and an irrestible, if scurrilous, sense of humour this is a hugely exciting new direction for fantasy. Full of adventure and extreme imagination it nevertheless manages to weave in a surprising subtlety and sensitivity in it's characterisation.
God of war II
Percy Jackson and the Greek heroes
Grave Mercy
The younger gods
The scorched earth
Thor, god of thunder. 2 : Godbomb
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 2, Fandemonium
Life as a mortal is horrifying and hazardous for the former water god Habaek. His fragile human form has been cursed by a jealous goddess, and his vengeful mother--unaware of his sincere love for Soah--seeks to kill his human bride! While his mother wishes to pull Habaek back into the realm of the gods, another goddess simply wants to see Habaek and Soah suffer on earth. And other envious humans and gods bring further problems to the star-crossed lovers.
The Nikopol trilogy
The quest for the time bird
Cursed by fire
When the heavens fall
Encyclopedia of gods : over 2,500 deities of the world
Norse mythology
Bride of the Water God. 10
Bride of the Water God. 8
Chaos unleashed
The vanir : an obituary
The Egyptian god Tutu : a study of the sphinx-god and master of demons with a corpus of monuments
The autumn republic
Bride of the Water God. 9
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
"The Nart sagas are to the Caucasus what Greek mythology is to Western civilization. Tales of the Narts presents a wide selection of fascinating tales preserved as a living tradition among the peoples of Ossetia in southern Russia, a region where ethnic identities have been maintained for thousands of years in the face of major cultural upheavals. A mythical tribe of tall, nomad warriors, the Narts were courageous, bold, and good-hearted. But they were also capable of cruelty, envy, and forceful measures to settle disputes. In this wonderfully vivid and accessible compilation of stories, colorful and exciting heroes, heroines, villains, and monsters pursue their destinies though a series of peculiar exploits, often with the intervention of ancient gods. The world of the Narts can be as familiar as it is alien, and the tales contain local themes as well as echoes of influence from diverse lands. The ancestors of the Ossetians once roamed freely from eastern Europe to western China, and their myths exhibit striking parallels with ancient Indian, Norse, and Greek myth. The Nart sagas may also have formed a crucial component of the Arthurian cycle. Tales of the Narts further expands the canon of this precious body of lore and demonstrates the passion and values that shaped the lives of the ancient Ossetians."--
Descartes and Spinoza on the love of God
City of stairs : a novel
God is dead. Volume two
The trouble with goats and sheep
Deadhouse gates
The philosopher kings : a novel
Devil may cry
Bride of the Water God. 5
Bride of the Water God. 6
Dust of dreams : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
Percy Jackson and the Greek gods
Four unlikely champions, each touched with Chaos magic at birth, are all that can stop the return of Daemron the Slayer, a hero who became a god-and then a demon. Exiled by the Old Gods, Daemron has long plotted his vengeful return. Now that moment is at hand, as the barrier imprisoning him-the Legacy-crumbles.
Bride of the water god. Vol. 14
Hindu divinities in Japanese Buddhist pantheon : a comparative study
An Egyptian pantheon
Viking myths & sagas : retold from ancient Norse texts
God is dead. Volume three
Percy Jackson and the titan's curse: the graphic novel
The strange maid
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
City of Stairs
The staff of Serapis
The city stained red
Tales of the Narts : ancient myths and legends of the Ossetians
Unclean spirits
The city of Voortyashtan was once the home of the goddess of death, war and destruction, but now it's little more than a ruin. General Turyin Mulaghesh is called out of retirement and sent to this hellish place to find a Saypuri secret agent who's gone AWOL in the middle of a mission. But the ghosts of past wars have followed her there, and soon she begins to wonder what happened to the souls in the afterlife when the gods were defeated by her people, the Polis. Do the dead sleep soundly in the land of death? Or do they have plans of their own?
Bonehunters : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
"From acclaimed, award-winning author Jo Walton: Philosopher Kings, a tale of gods and humans, and the surprising things they have to learn from one another. Twenty years have elapsed since the events of The Just City. The City, founded by the time-traveling goddess Pallas Athene, organized on the principles espoused in Plato's Republic and populated by people from all eras of human history, has now split into five cities, and low-level armed conflict between them is not unheard-of.  The god Apollo, living (by his own choice) a human life as "Pythias" in the City, his true identity known only to a few, is now married and the father of several children. But a tragic loss causes him to become consumed with the desire for revenge. Being Apollo, he goes handling it in a seemingly rational and systematic way, but it's evident, particularly to his precocious daughter Arete, that he is unhinged with grief. Along with Arete and several of his sons, plus a boatload of other volunteers--including the now fantastically aged Marsilio Ficino, the great humanist of Renaissance Florence--Pythias/Apollo goes sailing into the mysterious Eastern Mediterranean of pre-antiquity to see what they can find--possibly the man who may have caused his great grief, possibly communities of the earliest people to call themselves "Greek." What Apollo, his daughter, and the rest of the expedition will discover...will change everything. "-- Provided by publisher
The eternity key
The prize in the game
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
Myth and symbol in ancient Egypt : with 18 plates in photogravure, 40 line drawings, a chart of religious symbols and a map
The unspeakable vault (of doom)
Tailchaser's song
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The darkest magic
The problem of evil
The blood of Olympus
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
The sentinel
"With jealous schemers in both the realm of the gods and on earth working against them, former water god Habaek and his human lover Soah will not only have to struggle to stay together--but to stay alive as well! Although they've fled to earth, our star-crossed couple can't avoid becoming entangled in a civil war raging in the realm of the gods, with the current power-hungry and malicious emperor manipulating those around him to get Habaek to fight on his side towards a path of darkness!"--Back cover.
Reaper's gale
The myth of the goddess : Evolution of an image
The astral divinities of Nepal
Awful Egyptians
The gods of HP Lovecraft
The son of Neptune
The lost sun
Pathfinder : campaign setting : Inner sea gods
Jackal at the shaman's gate : a study of Anubis Lord of Ro-Setawe : with the conjuration to chthonic deities (PGM XXIII; pOxy 412)
Percy Jackson : Salamavaras
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Kannagi : Crazy shrine maidens. 1
1000 faces of god
Gardens of the moon
Princess Mononoke : first story
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Beyond the wall of time
Thor : Tales of Asgard
Representing God
Modern-day Toronto: A heavy leather-bound book written in an unrecognisable language is delivered to the Speckled Muse, the antique bookshop owned by Crystal and Becca Hatcher's mother. When Becca opens it, she's sent into a coma, leaving Crys behind to uncover a series of terrifying secrets. Ancient Mytica: A merciless goddess hunts for the elusive treasure that will make her ruler not only of Mytica, but of all the unseen worlds that lay beyond it. Modern-day Toronto: Rich and aimless Farrell Grayson finally has the chance to prove himself when the mysterious leader of a powerful secret society invites him into his fold. Ancient Mytica: Maddox Corso has always been different, but never remarkable. Everything changes the day he meets a pretty, unfamiliar girl from a faraway land, only to realise that he's the only one who can see her. Fate has brought these young people together, but ancient magic threatens to rip them apart.
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
Memories of ice
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
Thor. [Vol.3]
The sky-god An-Anu
The burning shadow
Olympische goden : tekeningen, prenten en foto's in de verzameling van het Rijksprentenkabinet = Olympic gods : drawings, prints and photographs in the collection of the Rijksmuseum Print Room
The philosopher kings
A book of spirits and thieves
Goomi's unspeakable vault (of doom) or weird tales from the old ones..
Bride of the water god. 15
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Contributions to the study of Othin especially in his relation to agricultural practices in modern popular lore
Bride of the water god. 17
The treasured one
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Thor, god of thunder. The accursed
The lost gods
Suicide risk. Volume four, Jericho
Children of Icarus
Retribution
Mouse, bird, snake, wolf
The Gods of Olympus : a history
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Bride of the Water God. 4
Chaos in the old world
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
Gods and warriors
If you pick a fight with Shroud, Lord of the Dead, you had better ensure your victory, else death will mark only the beginning of your suffering. A book giving its wielder power over the dead has been stolen from a fellowship of mages that has kept the powerful relic dormant for centuries. The thief, a crafty, power-hungry necromancer, intends to use the Book of Lost Souls to resurrect an ancient race and challenge Shroud for dominion of the underworld. Shroud counters by sending his most formidable servants to seize the artifact at all cost. However, the god is not the only one interested in the Book, and a host of other forces converge, drawn by the powerful magic that has been unleashed. Among them is a reluctant Guardian who is commissioned by the Emperor to find the stolen Book, a troubled prince who battles enemies both personal and political, and a young girl of great power, whose past uniquely prepares her for an encounter with Shroud. The greatest threat to each of their quests lies not in the horror of an undead army but in the risk of betrayal from those closest to them. Each of their decisions comes at a personal cost and will not only affect them, but also determine the fate of their entire empire.  The first of an epic swords & sorcery fantasy series, Marc Turner's When the Heavens Fall features  gritty characters, deadly magic, and meddlesome gods.
Viking warrior rising
The house of Hades
How do you kill a Saint? Falcio, Kest, and Brasti are about to find out, because someone has figured out a way to do it and they've started with a friend. The Dukes were already looking for ways out of their agreement to put Aline on the throne, but with the Saints turning up dead, rumours are spreading that the Gods themselves oppose her ascension. Now churches are looking to protect themselves by bringing back the military orders of religious soldiers, assassins, and (especially) Inquisitors - a move that could turn the country into a theocracy. The only way Falcio can put a stop to it is by finding the murderer. He has only one clue: a terrifying iron mask which makes the Saints vulnerable by driving them mad. But even if he can find the killer, he'll still have to face him in battle. And that may be a duel that no swordsman, no matter how skilled, can hope to win
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
The mark of Athena
Dream warrior
Bride of the Water God. 7
Grimoire of the lamb
God : myths of the male divine
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft: a brand new anthology that collects the twelve principal deities of the Lovecraftian Mythos and sets them loose within its pages. Featuring the biggest names in horror and dark fantasy, including many New York Times bestsellers, full of original fiction and artwork, and individual commentary on each of the deities by Donald Tyson. Lovecraft's bestiary of gods has had a major influence on the horror scene from the time these sacred names were first evoked. Cthulhu, Azathoth, Nyarlathotep, Yog-Sothoth--this pantheon of the horrific calls to mind the very worst of cosmic nightmares and the very darkest signs of human nature. The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft brings together twelve all-new Mythos tales from:Cthulhu (Adam Nevill)Yog-Sothoth (Martha Wells)Azathoth (Laird Barron)Nyarlathotep (Bentley Little)Shub-Niggurath (David Liss)Tsathoggua (Brett Talley)The Mi-Go (Christopher Golden & James A. Moore)Night-gaunts (Jonathan Maberry)Elder Things (Joe Lansdale)Great Race (Rachel Caine)Yig (Douglas Wynne)The Deep Ones (Seanan McGuire)
It is Clara who is desperate to enter the labyrinth and it is Clara who is bright, strong, and fearless enough to take on any challenge. It is no surprise when she is chosen. But so is the girl who has always lived in her shadow. Together they enter. Within minutes, they are torn apart forever. Now the girl who has never left the city walls must fight to survive in a living nightmare, where one false turn with who to trust means a certain dead end.
Translating idioms : a case study on Donna Tartt's The Secret History and its Finnish translation
Mortal heart
Toll the hounds
The Godborn
The companions
Bride of the water god. 12
Bride of the water god. Volume 13
The silent army
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
The shadow prince
Yasuke, 15 years old, is about to build up the courage to confess his love to his childhood friend Akari, who’s fallen for him, too. There’s just one problem: Yasuke’s family lives in a Japanese shrine, and when he breaks the shrine’s sacred mirror, it triggers a curse, releasing the cute and well-endowed goddess of misfortune, Orihime, into the real world! Now Yasuke can’t ever be out of Orihime’s sight—if he gets too far away, he dies, and can only be brought back to life with a quick kiss from Orihime!
City of blades
The elder gods
One silent night
Steeds of the gods
Onomasticon of the Hittite pantheon. Part 3
The sky-god, An-Anu
Odin's table
Goomi's unspeakable vault (of doom) or weird tales from the old ones.... Volume 2 : G.O.O.s on the loose
Acheron
No graven image? : Israelite aniconism in its ancient Near Eastern context
The chaos of stars
Saint's blood
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
The mortal tally
Bride of the Water God. 11
Gods and goddesses : a treasury of deities and tales from world mythology
The art of loving
Dust of dreams
Before the troubled water god and his beautiful human bride can consummate their love, the barricades surrounding the lunar palace are breached.
Starcrossed
Bride of the water god. 16
Forming. Vol II
When seventeen-year-old Lilliana Young enters the Metropolitan Museum of Art one morning during spring break, the last thing she expects to find is a live Egyptian prince with godlike powers, who has been reawakened after a thousand years of mummification. And she really can't imagine being chosen to aid him in an epic quest that will lead them across the globe. But fate has taken hold of Lily, and she, along with her sun prince, Amon, must travel to the Valley of the Kings, raise his brothers, and stop an evil, shape-shifting god named Seth from taking over the world.
