http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7957 peace
peace
World peace through world law
SIPRI yearbook 1990 : world armaments and disarmament
Bosnia and Herzegovina : the challenge of legitimacy : FAST country risk profile Bosnia and Herzegovina
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Tourism as a catalyst for peace : analyzing the bright sides of tourism in Nepal
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
Fractured land, healing nations : a contextual analysis of the role of religious faith sodalities towards peace-building in Bosnia-Herzegovina
An exposition of fecial law and procedure, or of law between nations, and questions concerning the same : wherein are set forth matters regarding peace and war between different princes or peoples, derived from the most eminent historical jurists. 2
Beyond conflict in the Horn : prospects for peace, recovery and development in Ethiopia, Somalia and the Sudan
Peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
War, peace, and human nature : the convergence of evolutionary and cultural views
The Pax Romana provided a remarkable period of peace and stability, rarely seen before or since. Yet the Romans were first and foremost conquerors, imperialists who took by force a vast empire stretching from the Euphrates in the east to the Atlantic coast in the west. They were aggressive and ruthless, and during the creation of their empire millions died or were enslaved. But the Pax Romana was real, not merely the boast of emperors, and some of the regions in the Empire have never again lived for so many generations free from major wars. So what was the Pax Romana and what did it mean for the people who found themselves brought under Roman rule? Adrian Goldsworthy tells the story of the creation of the Empire, revealing how and why the Romans came to control so much of the world and asking whether the favourable image of the Roman peace is a true one.
Culture of peace : the social dimension of love  in dialogue with Luc Boltanski, Michael Burawoy, Anna Maria Campanini, Axel Honneth, Paulo Henrique Martins
The state of Israel is often spoken of as a haven for the Jewish people, a place rooted in the story of a nation dispersed, wandering the earth in search of its homeland. Born in adversity but purportedly nurtured by liberal ideals, Israel has never known peace, experiencing instead a state of constant war that has divided its population along the stark and seemingly unbreachable lines of dissent around the relationship between unrestricted citizenship and Jewish identity. By focusing on the perceptions and histories of Israel's most marginalized stakeholders - Palestinian Israelis, Arab Jews, and non-Israeli Jews - Atalia Omer cuts to the heart of the Israeli-Arab conflict, demonstrating how these voices provide urgently needed resources for conflict analysis and peace building. Navigating a complex set of arguments about ethnicity, boundaries, and peace and offering a different approach to the renegotiation and reimagination of national identity and citizenship, Omer pushes the conversation beyond the bounds of the single narrative and toward a new and dynamic concept of justice - one that offers the prospect of building a lasting peace.
Calm : calm the mind, change the world
Buddhism and world peace
Philosophical perspectives on peace : an anthology of classical and modern sources
World religions in war and peace
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
"How big is your world?" : the Europe, youth and globalisation : an anthology
When peace is not enough : how the Israeli peace camp thinks about religion, nationalism, and justice
A study of war
Iran awakening : from prison to peace prize, one woman's struggle at the crossroads of history
The Israeli solution : a one-state plan for peace in the Middle East
Somaliland's investment in peace : analysing the diaspora's economic engagement in peace building
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
Violations of children's rights in armed conflicts : international treaties, observations by peacekeepers and crisis management training in Finland
Dynamics of peace management : from interstate to inter-humanity dialogue
Diasporas and their role in the homeland conflicts and peacebuilding : the case of Somali diaspora
Peace in world history
War, peace and violence : international bibliography 1975-1981 = Guerre, paix et violence : bibliographie internationale 1975-1981
Peace in Ireland : the war of ideas
Peace and disarmament : academic studies. 1980
Law in the service of peace : two concepts
Maternal thinking : toward a politics of peace
Peptide based modulators of prostate specific kallikrein-related peptidases 2 and 3
The whale that fell in love with a submarine
"In 2005, the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) ended one of Africa's most devastating civil wars and set the stage for the partition of Sudan, Africa's largest country. One of the most important peace agreements in African history, it has had decisive consequences for the entire Horn of Africa. Yet to date there has been little rigorous analysis as to why the parties signed the CPA, what strategies they adopted having signed the agreement, and the political consequences of state partition actually are. In The Fate of Sudan, John Young argues forcefully that the birth of the independent state of Southern Sudan and the threat of further dismemberment of a rump northern Sudan are due to the failure of the approaches and ideologies of the main Sudanese parties, as well as a deeply flawed US-backed peace process that excludes civil society and other rebel groups. Written by someone directly involved in the Sudanese election and referendum processes, and featuring a wealth of first-hand evidence, this is a crucial examination of a topic of intense political and media interest."--
Supporting African peace operations
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Nonkilling linguistics : practical applications
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
The black book : Woodrow Wilson's secret plan for peace
Beyond disasters : creating opportunities for peace
In response to three requests for donations (to a peace society; to a woman's college rebuilding fund; to a society for obtaining employment for professional women) the author proposes that "the daughters of educated men" unite in opposition to man-made war.
Marcha mundial por la paz y la no-violenza = The world march for peace & nonviolence
The art of mindful living : how to bring love, compassion, and inner peace into your daily life
Essays in peace research. Vol. 4, Peace and world structure
National defense : a study of the origins, results and prevention of war
Arab revolutions and beyond : the Middle East and reverberations in the Americas
Turbulent times, prophetic dreams : art from Israeli and Palestinian children
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
The concept of peace : the Firth lectures, 1972
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Peacemaking in the Renaissance
Democracy, liberalism and war : rethinking the democratic peace debate
A natural history of peace
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Melatonin and thyroid hormones in the cold and in darkness:association with mood and cognition
Report of conference on women, human rights and mission, Venice, Italy, June 24-30, 1979
Ending Obama's war : responsible military withdrawal from Afghanistan
Nonviolence  : the history of a dangerous idea
Second World Conference on Religion and Peace : Leuven, Belgium
Christians as peace makers : peace movements in Europe and the USA
The long postwar peace : contending explanations and projections
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 2, [Articles N-Z]
Global networks of mediation : prospects and avenues for Finland as a peacemaker
At the Paris peace conference
Christian peace initiatives in the 20th century
Patterns of peacemaking
Engagement dynamics between diasporas and settlement country institutions : Somalis in Italy and Finland
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
Nonkilling speaks both to the goal of preserving the physical lives of individuals, communities, other species, the environment as well as the more metaphorical but also extremely important survival of languages, cultures, histories (oral and written), literary manifestations, etc. The list is vast and varied, and the good news is that a nonkilling mentality can be applied to all these realms and lives. This volume helps us start exploring the potential of the nonkilling paradigm when it comes to language use, education and legislation. As many are aware, language permeates most facets of human experience: we use different forms of language and literacy to establish contact with one another, to communicate our thoughts and feelings, to make sense of the world around us, and ultimately to realize our destiny as social beings.
Essays in peace research. Vol. 5, Peace problems : some case studies
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
To steal her love
The fate of Sudan : the origins and consequences of a flawed peace process
Towards a women's agenda for a culture of peace
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
Southern Africa : prospects for peace and security
Outer space and peace
Hitler's peace : a novel ot the Second World War
Paris Peace Conference 1919 : proceedings of the Council of Four (March 24 - April 18)
From war to peace
Peace and war : a theory of international relations
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
What do we know about war?
The sleep of Behemoth : disputing peace and violence in medieval Europe, 1000-1200
The Soviet peace programme in action
Germany 1945 : from war to peace
Formation for life : just peacemaking and twenty-first-century discipleship
War and peace : perspectives in the nuclear age
Paulie Pastrami archieves world peace
Peace, integration & human rights
Paths to peace : exploring the feasibility of sustainable peace
Studies of peace, war, and strategy
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
The monopoly of violence : why Europeans hate going to war
Dynamics of world politics : studies in the resolution of conflict
Setting a social reform agenda : the peacebuilding dimension of the Rights Movement of the Ethiopian muslims diaspora
The psychology of peace : an introduction
"The Nordic Africa Institute, the Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation and the Norwegian Institute for International Affairs hosted a seminar in Uppsala, Sweden, on 15 and 16 December 2011, that brought together AU, EU and UN officials closely involved in peace operations in Africa. The seminar's purpose was to allow participants to compare their experiences of the different support models that have been used to date in Sudan and Somalia. International support for African peace operations provides opportunities but also poses challenges. This report examines four of these challenges in some detail: the AU Commission's limited capacity to plan and manage peace operations; insufficient political engagement by African member states with AU peace operations; the short-termism and self-interest of some of the AU's partners; and the need for UN Security Council permanent members to value and ensure a shared AU-UN strategic vision. The report also includes policy recommendations for resolving these challenges." --Publisher's description.
From all corners of the world, both inside cities and in the remote countryside, the cry for "just peace" rings out loud and strong. But, as many will note in this book, the cry for just peace isn't enough, for just peace requires active faith, working hands, and willing hearts. Gathered in this volume are essays written from a wide variety of perspectives, religious traditions, nationalities, and ages (from a sixteen-year-old high school student to an eighty-four-year-old senior professor) that seek to offer insight toward answering one question: How are "just peacemaking," faith formation, and discipleship connected within a twenty-first-century context?
A farewell to arms? : from 'long war' to long peace in Northern Ireland
This Discussion Paper explores the debates, theoretical perspectives and current trends in gender, conflict and post-conflict reconstruction, and security sector reform (SSR) in Africa. It provides a broad overview of and critical insights into the gender-conflict-security nexus, capturing the trends in the discourses, identifying the gaps in the literature and prioritising issues and areas for future research. This Discussion Paper is essential reading for all those with a deep interest in gender, peace, development and security in Africa, particularly gender scholars, students, activists and practitioners.
Maternal thinking : towards a politics of peace
Free prostate-specific antigen forms and kallikrein-related peptidase 2 : tools for prostate cancer diagnostics
Strengthening the EU's peace mediation capacities : leveraging for peace through new ideas and thinking
Russia in war and peace
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
"Does growing economic interdependence among great powers increase or decrease the chance of conflict and war? Liberals argue that the benefits of trade give states an incentive to stay peaceful. Realists contend that trade compels states to struggle for vital raw materials and markets. Moving beyond the stale liberal-realist debate, Economic Interdependence and War lays out a dynamic theory of expectations that shows under what specific conditions interstate commerce will reduce or heighten the risk of conflict between nations.Taking a broad look at cases spanning two centuries, from the Napoleonic and Crimean wars to the more recent Cold War crises, Dale Copeland demonstrates that when leaders have positive expectations of the future trade environment, they want to remain at peace in order to secure the economic benefits that enhance long-term power. When, however, these expectations turn negative, leaders are likely to fear a loss of access to raw materials and markets, giving them more incentive to initiate crises to protect their commercial interests. The theory of trade expectations holds important implications for the understanding of Sino-American relations since 1985 and for the direction these relations will likely take over the next two decades. Economic Interdependence and War offers sweeping new insights into historical and contemporary global politics and the actual nature of democratic versus economic peace"--
Ethics in the nuclear age : strategy, religious studies, and the churches
Restless post-war period
"In Peace in World History, Peter N. Stearns examines the ideas of peace that have existed throughout history, and how societies have sought to put them into practice. Beginning with the status of peace in early hunter-gatherer and agricultural societies, and continuing through the present day, the narrative gives students a clear view of the ways people across the world have understood and striven to achieve peace throughout history. Topics covered include: Comparison of the 'pax Romana' and 'pax Sinica' of Rome and China, concepts of peace in Buddhism, Christianity, and Islam, and their historical impact, the place of peace in the periods of expanding empires, the emergence, starting in the 19th century, of formal schemes to promote peace amid increasingly destructive technologies for warfare. Moving away from the view of history as a series of military conflicts, Peace in World History offers a new way of looking at world history by focusing on peace. Showing how concepts of peace have evolved over time even as they have been challenged by war and conflict, this lively and engaging narrative enables students to consider peace as a human possibility"--
Contribution of the Ethiopian diaspora to peace-building : a case study of the Tigrai Development Association
The Aceh case : an example of decommissioning and reintegration
Dynamics of peace and security in Africa
In search of a responsible world society : the social teachings of the World Council of Churches
Peace on earth : the role of religion in peace and conflict studies
Chemical biology screen for prostate cancer therapeutics
The concept of pre-emption : the changing structure of international order concerning the maintenance of international peace and security
War of the worlds : what about peace?
Vision of peace and tales of war
Transgene verification and technical improvement in the establisment of transgenic miR-32 mouse line
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Offers techniques to stop and recharge, change thinking patterns, use meditation to focus and de-stress, and use the peace that comes from the resulting calmness to make key changes in your life and the world.
Peace is the way : bringing war and violence to an end
Ballots before bullets : the war referendum approach to peace in America 1914-1941
Universal religious peace conference
The supreme jihad
Justice without violence
Peacemaking or faking interactive conflict resolution in contemporary conflicts
SUMOylation in the Regulation of Androgen Receptor and Pioneer Factor FOXA1 in Prostate Cancer Cells
Globalisation, democracy and terrorism
Oral lichen planus – etiopathogenesis and management
Philosophy of war and peace : IPO 2016, Ghent, Belgium
Krig vs. fred : en kode i symbolisk generaliseret kommunikation = War and peace : a code in symbollically generalised communication
Seeking and pursuing peace : the process, the pain and the product
Peace by repatriation : concepts, cases, and conditions
Mongering North Korean Democracy for Inter-Korean Peace : democratization in North Korea and Inter-Korean Peace
Challenges for the democratisation process in Tanzania : moving towards consolidation 50 years after independence?
21 speeches that shaped our world : the people and ideas that changed the way we think
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
Rendezvous in turbulent times:about the becoming of institution-changing networks in Myanmar/Burma
Unified in hope : Arabs and Jews talk about peace : interviews
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Regulation of androgen receptor signaling by SUMO modifications in prostate cancer cells
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Peace in Europe - the churches ́role : report of consultation held at Engelberg, Switzerland, 28th May - 1st June 1973
Distractions of peace during war : the Lloyd George government's reactions to Woodrow Wilson, December, 1916-November, 1918
"Focusing on the period from 1968 to the present, Peace in Ireland: The War of Ideas argues that the conflict in Northern Ireland was not the result of an upsurge in primitive hatreds, nor a reversion to tribal loyalties. Rather, the 'Troubles' centred around rival aspirations to democracy, giving rise to a crisis with a peculiarly modern character. What the conflict in Northern Ireland therefore demonstrates is that democracy is a fundamental problem for modern politics, not an automatic recipe for harmony and accommodation."--BOOK JACKET.
The League of Nations : from 1929 to 1946
Evaluating peace operations
Economic interdependence and war
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
Education for peace
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
Kofi Annan : a man of peace in a world of war
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
When The Guns Fall Silent
Stoicism, politics, and literature in the age of Milton : war and peace reconciled
Conditions of peace of the Allied and Associated Powers : complete and revised reproduction of the official text and map showing the territories to be ceded
Assessing goblet cell metaplasia and expression of peptidase inhibitor 15 in mouse prostate tissue
Growth and progression in colorectal cancer
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
Versailles, 1919 : the forces, events and personalities that shaped the treaty
The law of nations : an introduction to the international law of peace
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Peace, baby!
Olives from Jericho : peace in winter gardens
Displacing the state : religion and conflict in neoliberal Africa
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
Democratic peace : a political biography
The making of peace : rulers, states, and the aftermath of war
Nonkilling Korea : six culture exploration
Genetic epidemiology of hereditary prostate cancer in Finland
Waging peace in Sudan : the inside story of the negotiations that ended Africa's longest civil war
War ceremony and peace ceremony of the Osage Indians
Meditation for dummies
"For the peace from above" : an Orthodox resource book on war, peace and nationalism
Islam on love and non-violence
The report of the Committee on Society, Development and Peace : Plenary Meeting, July 2-6, 1969, The Ecumenical Institute, Chateau de Bossey
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
Cultures of peace: from words to deeds : the Espoo seminar proceedings 13-14 June 2003
Which religion, what ideology? : the (religious) potentials for peace and violence
Determination of threat to the peace under article 39 of the United Nations : an analysis
The politics of global governance : international organizations in an interdependent world
Voices of sanity : reaching out for peace
Contributed articles on diversity of voices against the voilent attacks on September 11, 2001 and its aftermath.
Gender and security in Africa : an Overview
Revolution against war
Kant's cosmopolitan theory of law and peace
Ways of war and peace : realism, liberalism, and socialism
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 3
The iron man
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Terror, peace, and universalism : essays on the philosophy of Immanuel Kant
A voice from the hills : essays on the culture and world view of the western Bukidnon Manobo people
Three guineas
Six months in 1945 : FDR, Stalin, Churchill, and Truman - from World War to Cold War
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
Interventions : a life in war and peace
Ending wars, consolidating peace : economic perspectives
Pax Romana : war, peace and conquest in the Roman world
Break not the peace : the story of the GRP-MNLF peace negotiations, 1992-1996
Expression of miR-32, Ki-67, Btg2, and Pten in Transgenic Mouse Prostate Tissue
Every war must end
Wood biochemicals for the protection of health : focus on hemicellulose. stilbenoids and lignans
Financial imbalance in the United Nations peacekeeping contributions : Case UNIFIL
A reader in peace studies
Educating for peace : a feminist perspective
Report from Iron Mountain : on the possibility and desirability of peace
Gender, peace and conflict
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
Human nature and the peace problem
The Development of the Peace and Peace education concepts through three UN Women Decade Conferences
Diasporic engagement in the educational sector in post-conflict Somaliland : a contribution to peacebuilding
Encyclopedia of public international law. 3, Use of force ; War and neutrality ; Peace treaties (A - M)
Jerusalem : what makes for peace! : a Palestinian Christian contribution to peacemaking
The Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People and The Division for Palestinian Rights : information note
Pax democratica : a strategy for the 21st century
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Women and peace-building : did Security Council's resolution 1325 on women, security and peace empower women in post-conflict peace-building in Kosovo?
Global peace and common security
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
War and peace in the world's religions
This edited volume brings together global perspectives on twenty-first century Arab revolutions to theoretically and methodologically link these contemporary uprisings to resistance and protest movements worldwide, above all in the Americas. In their analyses of these transformations, the international contributors engage in an exploration of a variety of themes such as social movements and cultures of resistance, geopolitical economics, civic virtue, identity building, human rights, and foreign economic and political influence. What is the historical significance of these revolutions? What are the implications beyond the Middle East? And how are struggles in other regions of the world being influenced by these events? These heretofore largely unanswered questions are addressed in this collection, developed from presentations at a 2013 international conference on the “Arab Revolutions and Beyond” at York University, Toronto, Canada.
