http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p795 effects (results)
effects (results)
Classics Ireland
Tourism impacts, planning and management
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
Regional economic effects of universities : the impact of knowledge production on private investments : paper presented at the Binational Congress on Conditions and Effects of Location Considerations of Industrial Organizations, Regional Science Association, Herzliah (Israel), 31 October - 4 November, 1988
Adventure Tourism in Vaasa Region : Demand for a new business
Tourism: good or bad? : impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Influences of genetic factors and regular exercise on bone in middle-aged men
Moonstruck : how lunar cycles affect life
Analysing the challenges and effects of a process change
Island tourism : trends and prospects
The intellectual appropriation of technology : discourses on modernity, 1900-1939
False messengers : how addictive drugs change the brain
How music works
Trauma : a social theory
Recommendations on environmental and socioeconomic issues and concerns in Northern timberline forests
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
The Impact of Religious Tourism on Nepalese Economy
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Africa united : how football explains Africa
Information services today : an introduction
Foresight and innovation in regional development
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
Finnish summary.
Inflation in Vietnam and its effects on small and medium sized enterprises : case: An Thinh Investment Private Company
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The effect of aquatic exercise on symptoms, function, body composition and cartilage in knee osteoarthritis
The Soviet impact on the western world
Tourism, poverty alleviation and nature conservation : the state of contemporary research
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Natural hazards : explanation and integration
Multi-element antennas for mobile communication systems : design, evaluation and user interactions
Effects of training background to acute psychological stress biomarkers
Impacts of labor taxation with perfectly and imperfectly competitive domestic labor markets under flexible outsourcing
Comparison of two mid-urethral sling operations and their effect on urethral mobility assessed by dynamic magnetic resonance imaging
Privatisation in Sub-Saharan Africa : where do we stand?
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Make vs buy decisions in software acquisition
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
Soccernomics : why England loses, why Spain, Germany and Brazil win, and why the US, Japan, Australia, Turkey and even Iraq - are destined to become the kings of the world's most popular sport
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Tourism : Volume 4, understanding the impacts of tourism
The impact of novel dosing regimens on the safety and efficacy of aminoglycosides : an international symposium, Sorrento Palace-Centro Congressi, Sorrento, Italy, 29-30 October 1987 : abstracts
The myth of inevitable progress
Crowdsourcing translation
Electrocardiographic findings in connection with a clinical trial of cholorpromazine : with particular reference to T wave changes and the duration of ventricular activity
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
Threshold models in social networks
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
Association football is now the global sport, consumed in various ways by millions of people across the world. Throughout its history, football has been a catalyst as much for social cohesion, unity, excitement and integration as it can be for division, exclusion and discrimination. A Sociology of Football in a Global Context examines the historical, political, economic, social and cultural complexities of the game across Europe, Africa, Asia and North and South America. It analyses the key developments and sociological debates within football through a topic-based approach that concentrates on the history of football and its global diffusion; the role of violence; the global governance of the game by FIFA; race, racism and whiteness; gender and homophobia; the changing nature of fans; the media and football's financial revolution; the transformation of players into global celebrities; and the growth of football leagues across the world. Using a range of examples from all over the world, each chapter highlights the different social and cultural changes football has seen, most notably since the 1990s, when its relationship with the mass media and other transnational networks became more important and financially lucrative.
Extreme weather impact on transport systems
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Impacts of climate change on range expansion by the mountain pine beetle
Commercial fishing : the wider ecological impacts
Impacts of Song Bung 4 hydropower project to biodiversity and hydrology of Vu Gia – Thu Bon basin in Quang Nam province, Vietnam
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Influence of recreation on plants cover in West Lithuania
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Global networks : computers and international communication
Economic Impact of Ecotourism in Mount Cameroon Region
Information technology in the service society : a twenty-first century lever
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
The use of digital analytics for measuring and optimizing digital marketing performance
Global changes : their regional and local aspects. proceedings of the 6th Polish-Czech-Slovak geographical seminar
Seeing and believing : the influence of television
Stagflation : the penalty of speculative production in a multistage economy
About globalisation : views on the trajectory of mondialisation : based on the IES lectures series spring 2003
An Empirical Analysis on Vote and Popularity Functions on Finnish and Swedish Data
At a time when most observers saw war in Europe as belonging to an ever more distant past, the wars of Yugoslav succession shattered this illusion. The direct and indirect consequences of these wars for people in the region are still not fully understood, but it is clear that the war has had far reaching social and political consequences for each national society as a whole.This groundbreaking volume provides a series of analyses of experiences and social attitudes in the Western Balkans in the aftermath of those wars. Based on survey data from 22,000 respondents, the editors have created a volume which contributes to our understanding of both specific war-related effects as well as a detailed description of contemporary attitudes and values across these societies.This book will be of interest to academic specialists and students interested in the effects of war on psychological health and on ethnic relations in the Western Balkans as well as how this applies to other post-conflict societies. It will also be of interest to sociologists, political scientists, and historians studying differences in attitudes between the countries, ethnic groups, and generations in this region related to diverse topics from ethnic tolerance to states' responsibility for equality and gender roles.
"I want to see what others have found interesting" : online social filtering of news and magazine articles
"Ja mikäs pakana toi innovaatio o" : the role of English in the Finnish countryside, as seen by three generations
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
Race for Retirement
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Television : technology and cultural form
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
Business ethics in global economy
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
The impact of Finnish health sector reforms
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
Social and family factors in shift design
Globalization : the key concepts
New perspectives on globalization
Methods for assessing degrading effects of UV radiation on materials
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
The effects of mass communication : with special reference to television : a survey
A sociology of football in a global context
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
The aftermath of war : experiences and social attitudes in the western Balkans
Evaluating EU expenditure programmes : a guide : ex post and intermediate evaluation
Physiological effects of ingesting eucalyptus essential oil with milk casein peptide
The economics of overtime working
The effects of drought stress and enhanced UV-B radiation on the growth and secondary chemistry of boreal conifer and willow seedlings
How can the film-induced tourism phenomenon be sustainably managed?
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
Effect of velocity power principle done strength endurance training for 54 wk training period to adolecent soccer players
The Vietnamese people and the impact of war
New Frontiers in Technological Literacy examines new aspects of how students, citizens, and teachers become technologically literate and the aspects of their lives that are mediated by technological literacy. Scholars from four continents consider how technological literacy is shaped by everything from gender to age to country of origin and shapes our relationships to democracy, sustainability, medicine, education, philosophy, and our workplaces. With incisive and forward-looking chapters on topics ranging from scientific and genetic literacy to digital democracy, New Frontiers in Technological Literacy joins Defining Technological Literacy in uncovering how technological literacy affects education, work, and life in the modern world.
Tuning cell motility : roles of nestin and vimentin in cancer cell invasion
Regulation of dopamine release in the forebrain by alpha2 adrenoceptors and NMDA glutamate receptors : a microdialysis study
Money and the natural rate of unemployment
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
How we got to now : six innovations that made the modern world
The book examines the key turning points in the history of the Orpheus myth as factors that shaped, and continues to shape, our conceptions of music's powers. From its beginnings in archaic Antiquity to the latest major opera based on it, the story of Orpheus and Eurydice has been used by poets, philosophers, and musicians to express an increasingly complex set of ideas about what music can do. The study follows three threads in the myth's history: changes in form, cultural status, and the resulting visions of the powers of song.
Urban ecosystems : response to disturbances, resilience and ecological memory
Ill effects : the media/violence debate
Dynamics of EU corporate governance regulation : nordic perspectives
Online marketing of a recording artist
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Assessment of potential effects and adaptations for climate change in Europe : the Europe Acacia Project
The Orpheus myth and the powers of music
Nutrition review for hockey players : enhancing performance through nutrition
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
The changes in the Baltic Sea ice cover by 2050.
The bio-revolution : cornucopia or pandora's box?
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
The effects of television
The impact of the Eyjafjallajökull-eruption on the inbound tourism in Iceland
The impacts of International Financial Reporting Standards Adoption on Financial Statements : The case of Nigeria
Tourism and Sustainable Community Development in Nepal
E-portfolios perform many functions in higher education at both an institutional and student level. This book offers online instructors guidance in creating and implementing e-portfolios with their students. It helps them assess the needs of their students then design and implement a strategic, comprehensive e-portfolio program tailored to these needs. Further, it lets instructors see how such programs can be used as an example of their own personal and professional academic development. This is an essential resource for any online instructor or student wishing to use e-portfolios as a tool.
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Social impact assessment in mining projects in Northern Finland : comparing practice to theory
Challenges in measuring glycaemic index
A European cultural revolution : the Council of Europe's "Charter on Invertebrates"
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
The fatal impact : an account of the invasion of the South Pacific 1767-1840
A slant of light : a novel
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Microchips with everything : the consequences of information technology
Patient no more : the politics of breast cancer
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
Tourism: Good or Bad? : Impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Media audiences in Ireland : power and cultural identity
Crises and Tourism Development
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
When marriage ends : economic and social consequences of partnership dissolution
Information technology : the public issues
Pre-school children and television : two studies carried out in three countries
Literacy for sustainable development in the age of information
The music within you
A Threat to life : the impact of climate change on Japan's biodiversity
New technologies challenging old structures of governance : STAGE Finnish anchoring case
The Internet is not the answer
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
The quest begins
The great psychotherapy debate : the evidence for what makes psychotherapy work
The tourism-development nexus in Namibia : a study on national tourism policy and local tourism enterprises' policy knowledge
Infant day care : the current debate
Positive and Negative Effects of Friendship at the Workplace
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Shaping technology/building society : studies in sociotechnicat change
L. A. Candy
The regional economic role of universities : the dark side of university
Tourism development in Cat Ba Island in Northern Vietnam
New frontiers in technological literacy : breaking with the past
Educational differences in cause-specific mortality in the United States
Freakonomics : a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything
Domestic and international joint venture and licensing decisions: effects of location, insider ownership, and firm size
Recent global sea level acceleration started over 200 years ago
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Health and social impact of culture
Immigrants : your country needs them
Sugar and spice
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
This work discusses healthy versus unhealthy alcohol consumption, describes the health benefits of consuming alcohol in moderation, and explains how alcohol influences the brain and body. Scientific research has clearly established that drinking in moderation has many health benefits, including maintaining a healthy heart. Yet, many people do not know that drinking red wine protects the heart more than white wine, while beer, margaritas, and hard liquor are less effective in providing such protection. And while alcoholism is a serious problem requiring medical and psychological treatment, for those who are not addicted, drinking alcohol is not necessarily a bad habit. The problem is to distinguish between drinking sensibly and drinking insensibly. The author clearly outlines what constitutes healthy drinking and its attendant health benefits, offers advice on how to drink responsibly, and provides insight into just how alcohol works on the brain and the body. Questions this book addresses include:  What constitutes a safe drinking and what is excessive drinking; Understand how much drinking is safe before driving home; Why red wine is superior to other alcoholic beverages for protecting heart; Why underage drinking can cause severe brain damage; Why drinking during pregnancy is dangerous; Why heavy drinking can cause severe liver disease.  After reading this book, readers will enjoy their next drink with a fuller and safer understanding of why they're enjoying it.
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Raymond Williams on television : selected writings
The analysis of economic costs and expenses in road and rail transport
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
Abortion : loss and renewal in the search for identity
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Genetic factors in bone disorders : osteogenesis imperfecta, juvenile osteoporosis and stress fractures
Release 2.1 : a design for living in the digital age
The aftermath of divorce - coping with family change : an investigation in eight countries
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Hooliganism and police tactics : should tear gas make crime preventers cry?
The effect of unemployment benefits on re-employment rates : evidence from the Finnish UI-benefit reform
Physical functioning among community-dwelling older people
Tourists : how our fastest growing industry is changing the world
Outsourcing and offshoring in the 21st century : a socio-economic perspective
Night work : its effects on the health and welfare of the worker
Impacts of the non-native crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) on littoral benthic invertebrate communities in Lake Päijänne
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Last child in the woods : saving our children from nature-deficit disorder
Can you feel the force?
Can profit sharing lower flexible outsourcing? : a note
Too much happiness
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Case studies on climate change and World Heritage
Perceptions of corporate social responsibility : a case study of the perceived contents and outcomes
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
The drop
Summary.
Fire in the northern environment : a symposium : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Alaska Forest Fire Council and Alaska Section, Society of American Foresters at The University of Alaska College (Fairbanks,) Alaska April 13-14, 1971
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Information and behavior : systems of influence
The lowland : a novel
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
The effect of musical tempo on video game performance
Globalization and time
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
The plague
Parental divorce and the risk of common mental disorders in young adulthood
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
Climate Change and the Northern Dimension : an analysis of vulnerability and adaptation policy in Finland, Sweden and Norway
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Documenting learning with ePortfolios
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Les influences du "modèle" napoléonien d'administration sur l'organisation administrative des autres pays = The influences of the Napoleonic "model" of administration on the administrative organization of other countries
Sunshine makes the seasons
Postnatal hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis activation (i.e., minipuberty) in full-term and preterm infants : longitudinal assessment of hormone levels and target tissue effects
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
Physical activity and health : the evidence explained
Sleep and alertness : effects of shift work, early rising, and the sleep environment
Tourism and global environment changce : ecological, social, economic and political interrelationships
University libraries and space in the digital world
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Shaping technology, guiding policy : concepts, spaces and tools
What reading does to people : a summary of evidence on the social effects of reading and a statement of problems for research
The impacts of climate change in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Piracy and welfare : tax evasion, norms and fiscal externality
The science of drinking : how alcohol affects your body and mind
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
Plant diseases : their biology and social impact
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
The effects of language courses on L2 composition : a study of the use of verb phrases in written work by language course students
The eco-social approach in social work
The impact of tourist development on disadvantaged regions
Economic impact of museums
Assessing social impact of social enterprises : does one size really fit all?
Socio-economic assessment about the establishment of new national parks in Karelia
Human migration and its effects on regional development : from global to local
