http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7951 directors general
directors general
When leaders learn and when they don't : Mikhail Gorbachev and Kim Il Sung at the end of the Cold War
Stalin : triumph and tragedy
Great soul : Mahatma Gandhi and his struggle with India
Hitler. Ascent, 1889-1939
The Courage to act : a memoir of a crisis and its aftermath
Family portrait with Fidel : a memoir
A stock option based incentive scheme with an endogenous strike price
A left-handed history of the world
Financial management for decision makers
The Mongol empire : Genghis Khan : his triumph and his legacy
Alexander Pantsov and Steven Levine's new biography of Deng Xiaoping does what no other biography has done: based on newly discovered documents, it covers his entire life, from his childhood and student years to the post-Tiananmen era. Thanks to unprecedented access to Russian archives containing massive files on the Chinese Communist Party, the authors present a wealth of new material on Deng dating back to the 1920s.
"In times of economics turbulence, an organization's ability to learn from its environment and adopt innovations enhances its competitive advantage as well as its ability to improve its performance. This book focuses specifically on the contribution learning and innovation in management accounting can contribute to the success of the organization. However, all management accounting can contribute to the success of the organization.The success of an innovation is contingent upon whether the learning and implementation process have been properly integrated. When they are not, an innovation that has been successful in one organization may fail in another. An integrative framework is developed for studying management accounting process innovations. The framework draws on theories from organizational sociology. It focuses on the impact of the innovation on the organization along two important dimensions. First, to what degree does the innovation alter the organization's management accounting system (labeled as extent)? Second, what portion of the organization's is affected by the change (labeled as scope)? We classified these dimensions on a continuum ranging from high to low. This yields a 2x2 contingency framework. The book examines each of the resulting four situations using both Argyris's typology of single and double loop learning as well as the variety of theories used to explain the adoption, or failure to adopt a particular innovation, e.g. Rogers, Sandburg, in a organization. Recent management accounting innovations such as activity-based costing (ABC) and balanced scorecard (BSC) are used to illustrate the concepts and examples drawn from organizational practices. ABC and BSC are used as examples of management accounting innovations to illustrate why they are more successful in some organizations but not in others."--Publisher's website.
Churchill in his own words
Khomeini : life of the Ayatollah
Conversations with myself
A pictorial history of Joseph Stalin
Women as national leaders
The autobiography of Fidel Castro
An autobiography : with musings on recent events in India
Was Mao really a monster? : the academic response to Chang and Halliday's Mao, the unknown story
Understand Stalin's Russia
Ben-Gurion : father of modern Israel
Aung San and the struggle for Burmese independence
Heads of states and governments : a worldwide encyclopedia of over 2,300 leaders, 1945 through 1992
Who's who in world politics : from 1860 to the present day
Leaders of Russia and the Soviet Union : from the Romanov dynasty to Vladimir Putin
An organizational learning approach to process innovations : the extent and scope of diffusion and adoption in management accounting systems
Sebestyen's biography is the first major work in English for nearly two decades on one of the most significant figures of the twentieth century. In Russia to this day Lenin inspires adulation. Everywhere, he continues to fascinate as a man who made history, and who created a new kind of state that would later be imitated by nearly half the countries in the world. Lenin believed that the 'the political is the personal', and while in no way ignoring his political life, Sebestyen's focus will be on Lenin the man - a man who loved nature almost as much as he loved making revolution, and whose closest ties and friendships were with women. The long-suppressed story of his menage a trois with his wife, Nadezhda Krupskaya, and his mistress and comrade, Inessa Armand, reveals a different character to the coldly one-dimensional figure of legend. Told through the prism of Lenin's key relationships, Sebestyen casts a new light the Russian Revolution, one of the great turning points of modern history.
I Steve : SteveJobs, in his own words
Leaders who changed the world
The private life of Chairman Mao : the memoirs of Mao's personal physician
Essays on corporate governance, stakeholders, and restructuring
Angela Merkel : the chancellor and her world
Hitler : Ascent 1889-1939
Greenspan's fraud : how two decades of his policies have undermined the global economy
How leades build value : using people, organization, and other intangibles to get bottom-line results
Stalin. Volume I, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
Bolivar, a continent and its destiny
Guanxi and social capital: Networking among women managers in China and Finland
Women entrepreneurship and social capital : a dialogue and construction
Stalin : a biography
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
Angela Merkel : a chancellorship forged in crisis
THE RISE AND FALL OF STALIN
The age of turbulence : adventures in a new world
Mao : the unknown story
Given his status as arguably the most despised political figure in history, it is surprising that there have only been four serious biographies of the Fuhrer since the 1930s. Perhaps even more surprisingly, his biographers have been more interested in how he came to power and how he exercised his leadership than in Hitler the person. Yet to render Hitler as a political animal with no personality to speak of, as a man of limited intelligence and poor social skills, does little to explain the spell that he cast not only on those close to him but on the German people as a whole. In the first volume of this magisterial biography, Volker Ullrich sets out to correct our perception of the Fuhrer. While charting in detail Hitler's life from his childhood to the eve of the Second World War, Ullrich unveils the man behind the public persona: his charming and repulsive traits, his talents and weaknesses, his deep-seated insecurities and murderous passions.
A pictorial history of Adolf Hitler
Mao : a very short introduction
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Stalin. Vol. 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
Exposure : from president to whistleblower at Olympus
Gandhi : the man, his people and the Empire
Leadership in an interdependent world : the statesmanship of Adenauer, De Gaulle, Thatcher, Reagan and Gorbachev
This volume focuses on the careers of seven women who are, or have been, leaders of nations: Golda Meir, Isabel Per[ac]on, Corazon Aquino, Violeta Chamorro, Indira Gandhi, Benazir Bhutto and Margaret Thatcher. Contributors to this comparative study use case studies to examine critical issues including: context; biographical factors; the path to power; leadership style; and to what extent gender mattered in a leader's rise and performance.
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
In our time : the speeches that shaped the modern world
The development of global mindset : an analysis in a global company
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
Becoming Steve Jobs : how a reckless upstart became a visionary leader
Lenin through the eyes of Lunacharsky : [selected articles, speeches, talks, reminiscences... about Vladimir Ilyich Lenin]
Stalin. Volume 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
Leadership and succession in the Soviet Union, Eastern Europe and China
The Executive guide to enterprise risk management : linking strategy, risk and value creation
The presidentialization of politics : a comparative study of modern democracies
North Korea : beyond charismatic politics
The unknown Stalin
Shigeru Mizuki's Hitler : [a master cartoonist and veteran tells the life story of the man who started the second world war]
Political culture and leadership in Russia : from Lenin to Gorbachev
Problematic departures : CEO exits in large Swedish publicly traded corporations
Battling for peace : memoirs
Qaddafi and the Libyan revolution
The real North Korea : life and politics in the failed Stalinist utopia
Lenin the dictator : an intimate portrait
Deng Xiaoping : a revolutionary life
A seamless robe : broadcasting, philosophy, and practice
The young Stalin : the early years of an elusive revolutionary
Libya : the history of Gaddafi's pariah state
Stalin : a beginner's guide
Hitler : a short biography
Encyclopedia of heads of states and governments, 1900 through 1945
