http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7953 environmental aesthetics
environmental aesthetics
The aesthetics of everyday life
Aesthetics in the human environment
The feng shui garden
18th century gardening revolution and the nature
A philosophy of gardens
Aesthetics of the four elements: earth, water, fire, air
Where we belong : beyond abstraction in perceiving nature
Art, power and city
Natural beauty : a theory of aesthetics beyond the arts
Educating for environmental awareness
The aesthetics of environment
EAIsymp'92, Special Focus Symposium, Environmental Design, Aesthetic Quality and Information Technology, August 19-20, 1992, Baden-Baden, Germany : symposium proceedings
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village : an argument for diversity of habitable places
Humans in the land : the ethics and aesthetics of the cultural landscape
Ecology and the environment : perspectives from the humanities
Topophilia : a study of environmental perception, attitudes, and values
Concrete canvas : how street art is changing the way our cities look
Living in the landscape : toward an aesthetics of environment
Metsähuoneet = Rooms of forest / Yrjö Sepänmaa
Aesthetic culture : essays in honour of Yrjö Sepänmaa on his sixtieth birthday 12 December 2005
Looking and seeing. 4, The shape of towns
The feng shui garden : design your garden for health, wealth and happiness
"This book is a translation of the 1902 German text Forstästhetik by von Salisch. It represents the earliest thinking about forest aesthetics. It provides a window to the origins of the landscape architecture and forestry professions and a historical context for those seeking both beauty and income from the forest"--
Dwelling, seeing and designing : toward a phenomenological ecology
Poetics of the substantial : transcendence in the context of environmental aesthetics
The psychology of aesthetics : explaining visual preferences for agrarian landscapes in Western Norway
Aesthetics and environment : variations on a theme
The human habitat : aesthetic and axiological perspectives
Aesthetic landscape experiences of tourists in Disko Island, Greenland
Fleeting, floating, flowing : water writing and modernity
Aesthetics, well-being and health : essays within architecture and environmental aesthetics
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village:an argument for diversity of habitable places
Aesthetics and nature
The Aesthetics of human environments
The cultivated wilderness : or, what is landscape
Art, community and environment : educational perspectives
Environmentalism in the realm of science fiction and fantasy literature
Field studies : on the aesthetics of man-altered landscapes
Landscape and power in Vienna
In praise of shadows
"Examines ethical, religious, and aesthetic dimensions of the environment from several different disciplines related to the humanities including anthropology, literature, philosophy, religious studies, and history, with examples drawn from Confucianism, aboriginal Australia, Moby-Dick, liberal democracies, Ken Wilber, Joanna Macy, and Gary Snyder"--Provided by publisher.
Aesthetics and the environment : the appreciation of nature, art and architecture
Forest aesthetics
The aesthetics of backyards : spaces and places in Aki Kaurismäki's films
What is an exhibition? : dealing with how people experience art, artistic works, making art and the appreciation of things, via a contextualisation of Allen Carlson and Emmanuel Kant [sic] aesthetic ideas and 21st century art theory
Aesthetics of the natural environment
Environmental aesthetics : ideas, politics and planning / J. Douglas Porteous
1. Health and beauty: enclosure and structure / Canter, David 2. Beauty / Cold, Birgit 3. The aesthetics of place / Dovey, Kim 4. Creating aesthetic built enviroment through the user participation process / Eriksen, Aese 5. What happens if Zeleste becomes an architect? / Kolstad, Arnulf 6. The architectural psychology of infinite knowledge / Küller, Rikard 7. Housing, health and aesthetics: reconnecting the senses / Lawrence, Roderick 8. "Chuck out the Chintz"? Some observations on aesthetics, well-being and health / Lee, Sue-Ann 9. Reflections on consepts of aesthetics, health and well-being / Mikellides, Byron 10. Aesthetics in the built enviroment and its influence on the user / Noschis, Kaj 11. The mind of the enviroment / Pallasmaa, Juhani 12. Aesthetics, order and discipline / Hansen, Jens Schjerup 13. I live in a beautiful house, on a beautiful street in beautiful Montreal: notes on well-being and the experience of place aesthetics / Serfaty-Garcon 14. Enviromental aesthetics an well-being: Implications for a digital world / Stokols, Daniel 15. Reasonable persons and their aesthetic preferences / Strumse, Einar 16. Conversations on aesthetics / Uzzell, David 17. Buildings imagined as bodies / Westerman, Ann.
Land matters : landscape photography, culture and identity / Liz Wells
The culture of nature : North American landscape from Disney to the Exxon Valdez
The roots of environmental aesthetics reach back to the ideas of eighteenth-century thinkers who found nature an ideal source of aesthetic experience. Today, having blossomed into a significant subfield of aesthetics, environmental aesthetics studies and encourages the appreciation of not just natural environments but also human-made and human-modified landscapes. Nature and Landscape is an important introduction to this rapidly growing area of aesthetic understanding and appreciation. Allen Carlson begins by tracing the development of the field's historical background, and then surveys contemporary positions on the aesthetics of nature, such as scientific cognitivism, which holds that certain kinds of scientific knowledge are necessary for a full appreciation of natural environments. Carlson next turns to environments that have been created or changed by humans and the dilemmas that are posed by the appreciation of such landscapes. He examines how to aesthetically appreciate a variety of urban and rural landscapes and concludes with a discussion of whether there is, in general, a correct way to aesthetically experience the environment.
The aesthetics of landscape
Landscapes of the heart : narratives of nature and self
Environmental aesthetics : essays in interpretation
Eco house book
The art of the landscape
Urban design : ornament and decoration
Design: emergence, content : selected and edited papers from DEcon'95 symposium
Ecopolis : architecture and cities for a changing climate
Excursions into everyday spaces : mapping aesthetic potentiality of urban environments through preaesthetic sensitivities
Nature, aesthetics, and environmentalism : from beauty to duty
Architecture for people : explorations in a new humane environment
Proceedings. 1, Place and embodiment
Probing a proactive home : challenges in researching and designing everyday smart environments
Nature and landscape : an introduction to environmental aesthetics
On the beaten track : tourism, art, and place / Lucy R. Lippard
The power of intuition : fundamentals of landscape aesthetics and their significance for nature and forest ethics
The aesthetic appreciation of nature : essays on the aesthetics of nature
From concept to form : in landscape design
Aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1-5 August 1995), on the theme of Comparative aesthetics: cultural identity
Aesthetics in practice : proceedings, XIIIth International congress of aesthetics, Lahti, Finland August 1-5 1995. 2, Real world design : the foundation and practice of environmental aesthetics
Raw : architectural engagements with nature / edited by Solveig Bøe ... [et al.]
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
Art and nature : the interplay of works of art and natural phenomena
Designing for play
Aestetics in the human environment
Landscape perception in early Celtic literature
Natural : simple land art through the seasons
The aesthetic field : a phenomenology of aesthetic experience
How to feng shui your garden : practical handbook
The study of changes in cultural landscapes
Aesthetics and the good life
The visual elements of landscape
Aesthetics beyond the arts : new and recent essays
The artful universe
Learning from Venice : what a unique city can teach us about the aesthetic
Looking and seeing. 2, The development of shape
Aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1-5 August 1995). Vol 7, Comparative aesthetics : cultural identity
Slow space / edited by Michael Bell and Sze Tsung Leong
Landscape, natural beauty and the arts
The placemakers' guide to building community
Looking and seeing. 1, Pattern and shape
The lure of the local : senses of place in a multicentered society / Lucy R. Lippard
Vanishing point
Environment and the arts : perspectives on environmental aesthetics
The garden as an art
On praise of shadows
The artful species : aesthetics, art, and evolution
Design : evolution, cognition : selected and edited papers from DEcon'94 Symposium
Museums and the natural environment : the role of natural history museums in biological conservation
Re-naming the landscape
The aesthetics of natural environments
New organic architecture : the breaking wave
Design : ecology, aesthetics, ethics : selected and edited papers from DEcon'93 symposium
On the beauty of waters and aquatic nature
The beauty of environment : a general model for environmental aesthetics
DEcon'93 Special Focus Symposium and Design Convention,  Design: ecology, aesthetics, ethics, August 4-5, 1993, Baden-Baden, Germany : symposium proceedings
The ecology of architecture : a complete guide to creating the environmentally conscious building
The garden as an art / Mara Miller
Balance : art and nature
Man in the landscape : a historic view of the esthetics of nature
