http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7956 treaties
treaties
Statutory torts
Terrorism and hostages in international law : a commentary on the Hostages Convention 1979
European Convention on Human Rights : texts and documents = Convention européenne des droits de l'homme : textes et documents = Europäische Menschenrechtskonvention : Texte und Dokumente
The International Law Commission 1949-1998. Vol. 3, Final draft articles not yet having resulted in the conclusion of a treaty and reports other than final draft articles
Non-production by industry of chemical-warfare agents : technical verification under a chemical weapons convention
Distribution agreements and the competition rules of the EEC and the EEA
Reservations to human rights treaties and the Vienna Convention regime : conflict, harmony or reconciliation
Substantives of contract manufacturing agreements
Convention on Early Notification of a Nuclear Accident and Convention on Assistance in the Case of a Nuclear Accident or Radiological Emergency
Materials on European criminal law
The HNS protocol : the resurrection of a convention
Co-operation agreements between the Nordic countries : a compilation of some of the basic co-operation agreements between Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden
Corruption and misuse of public office
International law documents relating to terrorism
The Inter-American human rights system
Treaty conflict and political contradiction : the dialectic of duplicity
Environmental rights : critical perspectives
Breach of treaty
Between peril and promise : the politics of international law
Explanatory report on the Hague Convention on the law applicable to certain rights in respect of securities held with an intermediary : Hague Securities Convention
End impunity : justice for the victims of torture
Alternative approaches in multilateral decision making : disarmament as humanitarian action
New aspects of international investment law
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 5, Afghanistan - Burma
The European patent system : the law and practice of the European Patent Convention
Rechtsfragen der Rüstungskontrolle im Vertragsvölkerrecht der Gegenwart = (Legal questions of arms control in contemporary international treaty law)
Legal aspects of the transfer of technology to developing countries
Managing the frozen south : the creation and evolution of the Antarctic treaty system
Selected multilateral treaties in the field of the environment. Vol. 2
International documents on children
Multidisciplinary drug policies and the UN drug treaties
The international labour code 1951 : a systematic arrangement of the conventions and recommendations adopted by the International Labour Conference, 1919-1951
Statutes and conventions on private international law
Compendium of international conventions concerning the status of women
Essays on the law of treaties
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 8, Germany - Iran
Verification problems of the Washington Treaty on the Elimination of Intermediate-range Missiles
Adoption : the modern law
International law : being the collected papers of Hersch Lauterpacht. 4, The law of peace, parts 7-8
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
The financial obligation in international law
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Parts 2 to 4
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 4, Multilateral 1946-1949
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
Procedures to enforce foreign judgments
Human rights treaties and the Vienna convention on the law of treaties: conflict or harmony?
MARPOL Annex VI and NTC 2008 : with guidelines for implementation
The European Court of Justice and International courts
International law and United States law
Human rights in states of emergency in international law
Belgium and the Antarctic
Explanatory report on the European Convention on the Adoption of Children
Debt recovery in Europe
Climate change, ozone depletion and air pollution : legal commentaries within the context of science and policy
China's boundary treaties and frontier disputes
Blackstone's statutes international law documents
Toward a comprehensive test ban
International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage, 2001 = Convention internationale de 2001 sur la responsabilité civile pour les dommages dus à la pollution par les hydrocarbures de soute = Convenio internacional sobre responsabilidad civil nacida de daños debidos a contaminacón por los hidrocarburos para compustible de los buques, 2001.
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Basic documents. Vol. 1, Convention on the International Maritime Organization
Revised MARPOL annex VI : regulations for the prevention of air pollution from ships and NOx Technical Code 2008.
Joint IMO/IHO/WMO manual on maritime safety information (MSI)
Manual for national implementation of the Chemical Weapons Convention
Anti-fouling systems : International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001 (AFS 2001) and guidelines for survey and certification of anti-fouling systems on ships (resolution MEPC.102(48))
Legal and regulatory issues in international aviation
Antarctic Challenge II : conflicting interests, cooperation environmental protection, economic development : proceedings of an interdisciplinary symposium September 17th-21st, 1985
The Vienna Convention on the Law of treaties
A concise guide to European patents : law and practice
A calendar of Soviet treaties 1974-1980
The diplomacy of biological disarmament : vicissitudes of a treaty in force, 1975-85
Guidance on the practical application of the Espoo Convention
OPRC-HNS protocol : protocl on preparedness, response and co-operation to pollution incidents by hazardous and noxious substances, 2000 : including the final act of the OPRC-HNS Conference, 2000 and resolutions of the conference
Air pollution across boundaries : report prep. within the framework of the Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution
The refugee convention, 1951 : the travaux preparatoires analysed, with a commentary
The jurisprudence of the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal
European money trails
Conflict of treaties in EC law with special emphasis on old Nordic co-operation agreements
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
The NPT : the main political barrier to nuclear weapon proliferation
Lomé conventions, agriculture and trade relations between the EU and the ACP countries in 1975-2000
The exclusive treaty-making power of the European Community up to the period of the Single European Act
The twenty years' crisis 1919-1939 : an introduction to the study of international relations
The international regime of fisheries from UNCLOS 1982 to the presential sea
Executive summary (s. 1-2).
Arbitrage international commercial : manuel mondial = International commercial arbitration : a world handbook. 3
The Vienna convention on the law of treaties
The law of naval warfare : a collection of agreements and documents with commentaries
Ratifying the Chemical Weapons Convention
Basic instruments and selected documents : Supplement No. 39 : protocols, decisions, reports 1991-1992 and forty-eighth session
Reinforcing biological disarmament : issues in the 1991 review
Protection of human rights in Europe : limits and effects
Treatises on the Baltcon-Chaterparty
International conflict of laws for the third millennium : essays in honor of Friedrich K. Juenger
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. 1, Multilateral 1776-1917
The international bill of Human Rights : normative and institutional developments 1948-1985
The unamity rule in the revision of treaties : a re-examination
Armed conflict and the new law : aspects of the 1977 Geneva protocols and the 1981 weapons convention
Protection schemes for victims of trafficking in selected EU member countries, candidate and third countries
Liability and compensation for nuclear damage : an international overview
Marine issues : from a scientific, political and legal perspective
Protocol of amendment to the European Convention for the Protection of Animals kept for Farming Purposes : explanatory report : protocol opened for signature on 6 February 1992.
Full powers and ratification : a study in the development of treaty-making procedure
Gross and massive violations of human rights in Argentina 1976-1983 : an analysis of the procedure under ECOSOC resolution 1503
Enforcing international law : a way to world peace : a documentary history and analysis. Vol. 2
The United Nations and crime prevention
Consistent denials of review of EU rules in light of the Aarhus Convention by the CJEU : is the EU a laggard in ensuring compatibility with its international obligations?
Penal aspects of the UN drug conventions
State contracts
The TTIP, ISDS and the shift towards transparency in investor-state arbitration
Sustainability, law and public choice
The interpretation of international agreements and world public order : principles of content and procedure
Final Act of the Conference, with attachments, including the Convention on the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972
Imposed treaties and international law
This is the first volume to comprehensively and systematically study, describe, and theorize the financial obligation created and governed by public international law.    Legal globalization has given rise to a number of financial issues in international law in areas as diverse as development financing, investment protection, compensation of human rights victims, and sovereign debt crises. The claims resulting from the proliferation of financial activity are not limited to those primarily involving financial obligation (e.g. loans and grants) but include secondary obligation resulting from the law on international responsibility. Among the many instances of financial obligation covered in this study, the reader will find inter-State financial transactions, inter-State sale of goods, transnational services such as telecommunications and post, the financial operations of multilateral institutions, loans, grants and guarantees provided by the various international financial institutions, certain financial relations between non-State actors (including natural persons) and States, intergovernmental organizations or other international legal actors, and government loans to international organizations.
Explanatory reports on the European Convention on Social Security and on the supplementary agreement for the application of the European Convention on Social Security
Criminal law : doctrine and theory
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 10, Nepal - Peru
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 3, Multilateral 1931-1945
Collected edition of the "Travaux Préparatoires" = Recueil des "Travaux Préparatoires". Vol. 1
Transnational commercial law : text, cases and materials
Cologne commentary on space law in three volumes. vol. 1, Outer space treaty
International law
The legislative future of carriage of goods by sea : could it not be the UNCITRAL draft?
Commentary on the additional protocols of 8 June 1977 to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949
Decisions of the World Court relevant to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : a reference guide
Enforcement of international contracts in the European Union : convergence and divergence between Brussels I and Rome I
Bilateral investment treaties
Human rights international instruments : signatures, ratifications, accessions, etc., 1 Jan. 1980.
The effect of independence on treaties : a handbook
1995 : a new beginning for the NPT ?
Guidelines for the development of shipboard marine pollution emergency plans
Agency in private international law : the Hague Convention on the law applicable to agency
International contracts : choice of law and language, 30. anniversary symposium
Papers of the International Academy of Estate and Trust Law
Index of multilateral treaties on the law of the sea
European patent materials and index
Some fundamental problems of the law of treaties
International law : as applied by international courts and tribunals. Vol. 2, The law of armed conflict
International copyright and neighboring rights
A legal approach to verification in disarmament or arms limitation
Oxford handbook of international investment law
Human traficking for the purpose of organ removal : recent developments in the Netherlands and developments in the field of international regulations
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 7, Denmark - France
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 2, Multilateral 1918-1930
Fourth ministerial conference : environment for Europe, Århus, Denmark 23-25 June 1998 : report on the conference
Positive measures designed to eradicate all incitement to, or acts of, racial discrimination : article 4 : implementation of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
Globalizing intellectual property rights : the TRIPs agreement
International conventions and third states : a monograph
Norges traktater 1661-1987 = The treaties of Norway 1661-1987. Registerbd
The treaty maker's handbook
Interpretation of tax treaties under international law : a study of Articles 31, 32, and 33 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and their application to tax treaties
Take a step to stamp out torture
Budapest Treaty on the International Recognition of the Deposit of Microorganisms for the Purposes of Patent Procedure, done at Budapest on April 28, 1977 : 1. Treaty, 2. Regulations
Succession of new states to international treaties
MARPOL consolidated edition 2006 : articles, protocols, annexes, unified interpretations of the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Modern trends in treaty law : constitutional law, reservations and the three models of legislation
International terrorism : multilateral conventions (1937-2001)
Unilateral denunciation of treaty because of prior violations of obligations by other party
Participation in world treaties on the protection of the environment : a collection of data
Basic instruments and selected documents : Twenty-seventh supplement : protocols, decisions, reports 1979-1980 and thirty-sixth session
Jus cogens and the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties : a critical appraisal
Assessment of long-range transboundary air pollution : report prepared within the framework of the Convention on long-range transboundary air pollution
The Midlle [i.e. Middle] East conflicts and agreements : aspects of international law
Methods of resolving conflicts between treaties
War and conscience in the nuclear age
Law of the sea
Crossing borders : essays in European and private international law, nationality law and islamic law in honour of Frans van der Velden
The UN inspections in Iraq : lessons for on-site verification
Legal controls of international conflict : a treatise on the dynamics of disputes- and war-law
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 9, Iraq - Muscat
Conflicts in international environmental law
The climate change convention and developing countries : from conflict to consensus?
Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property of March 20, 1883, as revised at Brussels on December 14, 1900, at Washington on June 2, 1911, at The Hague on November 6, 1925, at London on June 2, 1934, at Lisbon on October 31, 1958, and at Stockholm on July 14, 1967.
Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) : done at Washington, June 19, 1970.
With english summaries of the reports.
Customs valuation : commentary on the GATT customs valuation code
The house that the court built : the retained powers case law of the European Court of Justice and the constitutional structure of the Union
Review of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) 2000-2001
Reservations and interpretative declarations to multilateral treaties
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
The European patent system : the law and practice of the European patent convention
Justice for children
Jurisdiction and the ambit of the criminal law
The internationalisation of the state: the example of biodiversity-politics
The economics of EC competition law : concepts, application and measurement
Juricultural pluralism vis-à-vis treaty law : state practice and attitudes
Selected multilateral treaties in the field of the environment
Reservations to treaties: contractual mechanisms of regulation and human rights instruments
Strange bedfellows : the 'interim obligation' and the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention
Handbook on the law of war for armed forces
Norges traktater 1661-1987 = The treaties of Norway 1661-1987. Bd. 5, 1977-1987
Treaties and other international agreements of the United States of America 1776-1949. Vol. 6, Canada - Czechoslovakia
Economic, social and cultural rights
The Baltic path to independence : an international reader of selected articles
Reservations to the United Nations Women's Convention : with special focus on reservations submitted by Muslim countries
Third party liability
The legal position of intergovernmental organizations : a functional analysis of their legal status and immunities
Consultation clauses as means of providing for treaty obedience : a study in the law of treaties
