http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7969 literary art
literary art
Poems in persons : an introduction to the psychoanalysis of literature
Culture and language : multidisciplinary case studies
Bookblock
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
This is called moving : a critical poetics of film
Emotional questions : Vergil, the emotions, and the transformation of epic poetry : an analysis of select scenes
The ode less travelled : unlocking the poet within
Writing, performance, and authority in Augustan Rome
THE DICTIONARY OF ANTIQUES AND THE DECORATIVE.
Poetry in East Germany : adjustments, visions, and provocations, 1945-1970
Signs and voices : deaf culture, identity, language and arts
The ancient quarrel between philosophy and poetry
The tooth that nibbles at the soul : essays on music and poetry
Just as our society delights in citations, quotations, and allusions in myriad contexts, not least in popular song, late medieval poets and composers knew well that such references could greatly enrich their own works. In The Art of grafted song: citation and allusion in the age of Machaut, author Yolanda Plumley explores the penchant for borrowing in chansons and lyrics from fourteenth-century France, uncovering a practice integral to the experiments in form, genre, and style that ushered in a new school of lyric.
$30 writing school
Selected poems
Sound figures of modernity : German music and philosophy
You're the guy I want to share my money with
Bluff your way in poetry
From madrigal to opera : Monteverdi's staging of the self
The poem as utterance
Illusion and reality : a study of the sorces of poetry
How can musical semiotics help us to understand literature?
Blake set to music : a bibliography of musical settings of the poems and prose of William Blake
Romantic women poets 1770-1838 : An anthology
Systems of musical sense : essays on the analysis, semiotics, and hermeneutics of music
A dictionary of art and artists
Studies in medieval Taoism and the poetry of Li Po
Writing creative nonfiction : instruction and insights from the teachers of the Associated Writing Programs
Mystical love in the German Baroque : theology, poetry, music
Movement and poetic rhythm : uncovering the musical signification of poetic discourse via the temporal dimension of the sign
Rhyme's reason : a guide to English verse
Exploring the common ground : sensus communis, humor and the interpretation of comic poetry
Indiana University Conference on Oriental-Western Literary Relations
Óðsmál : mankind's favourite topic fascinating Being in an earnest discussion between Óður, the Norse god, Freyja's beloved husband nowhere to be found and the little Völva, a human being, a wise, veracious, old, Icelandic woman
Face to face with reality
Deaf american poetry : an anthology
Wagner's Ring cycle and the Greeks
Countdown to poetry writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
The Old Testament in world music
Arion's lyre : archaic lyric into Hellenistic poetry
On the anarchy of poetry and philosophy : a guide for the unruly
Reader-response criticism from formalism to post-structuralism
Giving voice to love : song and self-expression from the troubadours to Guillaume de Machaut
Indiana University conference on Oriental-Western literary relations
Musical ekphrasis : composers responding to poetry and painting
Corporation near class : spam poetry
The poetry of Sri Lanka
The Elek book of oriental verse
Oral poetry : an introduction
"This book explores the pervasiveness of poetry's impact on philosophy and, conversely, how philosophy has sometimes resisted or denied poetry's influence".
Evaluating creativity : making and learning by young people
Poetry--from reading to writing : a classroom guide for ages 7-11
The reader's encyclopedia
Geometric concepts in Islamic art
Theory into poetry : new approaches to the lyric
Heidegger reexamined: Vol. 3, Art, poetry, and technology
Blue is the sea : music, dance & visual arts
British music and literary context : artistic connections in the long nineteenth century
Through his reading of primary and secondary classical sources, as well as his theoretical writings, Richard Wagner developed a Hegelian-inspired theory linking the evolution of classical Greek politics and poetry. This book demonstrates how, by turning theory into practice, Wagner used this evolutionary paradigm to shape the music and the libretto of the Ring cycle. Foster describes how each of the Ring's operas represents a particular phase of Greek poetic and political development: Das Rheingold and Die Walküre create epic national identity in its earlier and later stages respectively; Siegfried expresses lyric personal identity; and Götterdämmerung destructively culminates with a tragi-comedy about civic identity. This study sees the Greeks through the lens of those scholars whose work influenced Wagner most, focusing on epic, lyric, and comedy, as well as Greek tragedy. Most significantly, the book interrogates the ways in which Wagner uses Greek aesthetics to further his own ideological goals.
Eminem and rap, poetry, race : essays
Ezra Pound in context
Children of the world : how we live, learn, and play in poems, drawings, and photographs
Most of the stuff I write does not pretend to make itself intelligible to anyone who has not done a certain quite large amount of reading.1 Ezra Pound, who published his first poem in 1902 and his last in 1969, understood the necessity of context. The range, volume, and arcane nature of his material, as impressive as it was immense, required background which he expected of his readers. Initially, this meant knowledge of the Provencıal poets, Dante, Confucius, and a healthy dose of Greek and Latin, as well as Chinese and American history. As editor, translator, anthologist, essayist, and poet, he anticipated that his readers would understand as well the sources, allusions, and origins of his work. The complex of materials was part of being modern.
In Writing, Performance, and Authority in Augustan Rome Michele Lowrie examines how the Romans conceived of their poetic media. Song has links to the divine through prophecy, while writing offers a more quotidian, but also more realistic way of presenting what a poet does. In a culture of highly polished book production where recitation was the fashion, to claim to sing or to write was one means of self-definition. Lowrie assesses the stakes of poetic claims to one medium or another. Generic definition is an important factor. Epic and lyric have traditional associations with song, while the literary epistle is obviously written. But issues of poetic interpretability and power matter even more. The choice of medium contributes to the debate about the relative potency of rival discourses, specifically poetry, politics, and the law. Writing could offer an escape from the social and political demands of the moment by shifting the focus toward the readership of posterity.
Diffusion of distances : dialogues between Chinese and Western poetics
Gadamer on Celan : "Who am I and who are you?" and other essays
Plato as author : the rhetoric of philosophy
"From its beginnings, philosophy's language, concepts, and imaginative growth have been heavily influenced by poetry and poets. Drawing on the work of a wide range of thinkers throughout the history of western philosophy, Raymond Barfiled explores the pervasiveness of poetry's impact on philosophy and, conversely, how philosophy has sometimes resisted or denied poetry's influence. Although some thinkers, like Giambatista Vico and Nietzsche, praised the wisdom of poets, and saw poetry and philosophy as mutually beneficial pursuits, others resented, diminished or eliminated the importance of poetry in philosophy. Beginning with the famous the passage in Plato's Republic in which Socrates exiles the poets from the city, this book traces the history of the ancient quarrel between philosophy and poetry through the works of thinkers in the Western tradition ranging from Plato to the work of the contemporary thinker Mikhail Bakhtin. This new persepctive provides an illuminating way of reading philosophy that can be extended and applied to other philosophers".
Beckett and musicality
Conceptual art : Fluxus, digital art, agrippa, Tellus audio cassette magazine, Willoughby Sharp, I am acurator, democracy and desire, systems art, Robert Watts, Water Yam, Ronald Jones, sensation, immersion, twentysix gasoline stations, digital painting
Ekphrastic medieval visions : a new discussion in interarts theory
Laughter lines : comic verse for life's little moments
"T. S. Eliot's work demands much from his readers. The more the reader knows about his allusions and range of cultural reference, the more rewarding his poems, essays and plays are. This book is carefully designed to provide an authoritative and coherent examination of those contexts essential to the fullest understanding of his challenging and controversial body of work. It explores a broad range of subjects relating to Eliot's life and career; key literary, intellectual, social and historical contexts; as well as the critical reception of his oeuvre. Taken together, these chapters sharpen critical appreciation of Eliot's writings and present a comprehensive, composite portrait of one of the twentieth century's pre-eminent men of letters. Drawing on original research, T. S. Eliot in Context is a timely contribution to an exciting reassessment of Eliot's life and works, and will provide a valuable resource for scholars, teachers, students and general readers"
Metronome No. 3 : Tempolabor : a libertine laboratory?
Re-reading poetry : Schubert's multiple settings of Goethe
Musical tastes in fourteenth-century Italy : notational styles, scholarly traditions and historical circumstances
Unsuspected eloquence : a history of the relations between poetry and music
Art, word and image : two thousand years of visual/textual interaction
The third issue in the Poetic Series takes its title Fear of Language from the work of emerging Slovenian poet Katja Perat, featured alongside poetry by Judith Goldman and excerpts from Eileen Myles's forthcoming memoir, Afterglow. Artwork is provided by Willem de Rooij, whose series comprises collected images from the Internet displaying the aftermaths of destroyed and looted cultural heritage sites in conflict zones such as Iraq, Mali, Egypt, Syria, and Bosnia-Herzegovina. The Poetic Series brings together works of poetry and literature in combination with visual art, introducing young as well as established writers concerned with challenging the boundaries of traditional forms of narrative. Initiated by Keren Cytter and coedited with Fiona Bryson, the quarterly publications focus on three experimental writers or poets per issue, and image content is supplied by one artist.
Heidegger and homecoming : the Leitmotif in the later writings
Literary modernism and musical aesthetics : Pater, Pound, Joyce, and Stein
Monteverdi and the end of the Renaissance
Dictionary of Chinese and Japanese art
A dictionary of Japanese artists : painting, sculpture, ceramics, prints, lacquer
The ode less travelled : Unlocking the poet within
Medieval music in practice : studies in honor of Richard Crocker
"Ekphrastic Medieval Visions explores the transformative power of ekphrasis in high and late medieval dream visions and mystical visions, ending with considerations of contemporary poetry to illustrate how medieval ekphrasis can illuminate current studies in poetics. Barbetti demonstrates that medieval ekphrases reveal ekphrasis as a process rather than a genre and shows how it works with cultural memory to transform, shift, and revise composition"--Provided by publisher.
On the laws of the poetic art
Issues on the authorship of digital poetry
The gazer's spirit : poems speaking to silent works of art
The songs of Homer
Critique of pure music
Standing by words : essays
Music and literary modernism : critical essays and comparative studies
The culture of fragments : word and images in futurism and surrealism
Metronome No. 4-5-6 : backwards translation
Why do we value music? Many people report that listening to music is one of life's most rewarding activities. In Critique of pure music, James O. Young seeks to explain why this is so. Formalists tell us that music is appreciated as pure, contentless form. On this view, listeners receive pleasure, or a pleasurable 'musical' emotion, when they explore the abstract patterns found in music. Music, formalists believe, does not arouse ordinary emotions such as joy, melancholy or fear, nor can it represent emotion or provide psychological insight. Young holds that formalists are wrong on all counts. Drawing upon the latest psychological research, he argues that music is expressive of emotion by resembling human expressive behaviour. By resembling human expressive behaviour, music is able to arouse ordinary emotions in listeners. This, in turn, makes possible the representation of emotion by music. The representation of emotion in music gives music the capacity to provide psychological insight-into the emotional lives of composers, and the emotional lives of individuals from a variety of times and places. And it is this capacity of music to provide psychological insight which explains a good deal of the value of music, both vocal and purely instrumental. Without it, music could not be experienced as profound. Philosophers, psychologists, musicians, musicologists, and music lovers will all find something of interest in this book.
Reading between the lines : Claude Simon and the visual arts
The lyric in India
A study in political science : poem (From Äeti - 'mom', Kirjayhtymä, 1994)
Narrative consciousness : structure and perception in the fiction of Kafka, Beckett, and Robbe-Grillet
The art of grafted song : citation and allusion in the age of Machaut
Richard Wagner & the synthesis of the arts
Prometheus in music : representations of the myth in the romantic era
Music and text
Painter and poet in ancient Greece : iconography and the literary arts
The written poem : semiotic conventions from Old to Modern English
The eye of the poet : studies in the reciprocity of the visual and literary arts from the Renaissance to the present
Discourse and literature
The cat, the coat, the truth, etc
The ugly one with the jewels and other stories
These are the wrong sort of bees. - Inferential communication in Winnie-the-Pooh by A. A. Milne
Long at the centre of the modernist project, from editing Eliot's The Waste Land to publishing Joyce, Pound has also been a provocateur and instigator of new movements, while initiating a new poetics. This is the first volume to summarize and analyze the multiple contexts of Pound's work, underlining the magnitude of his contribution and drawing on new archival, textual and theoretical studies. Pound's political and economic ideas also receive attention. With its concentration on the contexts of history, sociology, aesthetics and politics, the volume will provide a portrait of Pound's unusually international reach: an American-born, modern poet absorbing the cultures of England, France, Italy and China. These essays situate Pound in the social and material realities of his time and will be invaluable for students and scholars of Pound and modernism.
The road is wider than long : an image diary from the Balkans July - August  1938
The Oxford book of comic verse
God and the goddesses : vision, poetry, and belief in the Middle Ages
Fear of language : [Katja Perat, Eileen Myles, Judith Goldman]
Theology and the drama of history
The poetics, aesthetics, and philosophy of narrative
Literary art in digital performance : case studies in new media art and criticism
Opera and the uses of language : Mozart, Verdi, and Britten
T. S. Eliot in context
Syntax and style in Chaucer's poetry
"So many heads, so many wits" : an anthology of English proverb poetry
Invisible presence : a walk through Indiana in photographs and poems
The Bulfinch pocket dictionary of art terms
