http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7967 public-health nurses
public-health nurses
Health-related quality of life in school children : validation of instrument, child self assessment, parent-proxy assessment and school nursing documentation of health check-ups
Public health nursing in primary health care based on the population responsibility principle
National core curricula for health care education at lower level in Finland : translation of the main parts
Healthy English
Abstract: Identification and psychosocial support of families at psychosocial risk at maternity and child health centers.
The nurses experiences when they have taken care of patients from different countries and cultures
WISECARE : Workflow Information Systems for European Nursing Care
Nursing today
Outcomes of education in information technology : towards a model of nursing informatics education
Health promotion for nurses : theory and practice
Case studies in community health nursing practice : a broblem-based learning approach
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Public health skills : a practical guide for nurses & public health practitioners
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
National core curricula for health care education at college level in Finland
Help : A: Nurses, public health nurses and midwives ; B: Physiotherapists, occupational therapists and social services ; C: Medical laboratory technologists, radiographers and dental hygienists
Leadership : the key to the professionalization of nursing
Abstract: Public health nurses as physical activity promoters in Finnish child health clinics.
Abstract: "It's richness..." : public health nurses' experiences of meeting and caring for immigrants in the Mikkeli region.
Curriculum foundations in international nursing education
Nursing in today's world : trends, issues and management
District nursing : providing care in a supportive context
Early maternal sensitivity : continuity and related risk factors
Development of supervised practice in nurse education : Oulu and Rovaniemi polytechnics
Case management by nurses
Foundations of community health nursing : community-oriented practice
Abstract: Research knowledge utilisation of polytechnic nursing students on graduation.
Community health nursing : promoting the health of aggregates
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Abstract: Teaching methods in parenthood education.
Teaching for health
Public health nurses' perceptions : nurse-client interaction
Public health nursing
You are important! : designing for health agents in Vila Rosário
Design for hope : designing health information in Vila Rosário
Clinical leadership in nursing
Medicine and nursing : professions in a changing health service
Public health and Rockefeller wealth : alliance strategies in the early formation of Finnish public health nursing
Working as a nurse : how to make your career in a fulfilling profession
Motivation and retention of doctors and nurses in Africa
Medical women and Victorian fiction
Nursing and midwifery in the 21st century : survey on nursing practice, management, education and research in Europe
Help. A, Nurses, public health nurses and midwives
Community health nursing : frameworks for practice
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Community health nursing : caring in action
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
Vaccination competence : the concept and evaluation
National core curriculum for nurse, midwife and public health nurse education in Finland
Successful mentoring in nursing
Journal of nursing management
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
Usability in healthcare : overcoming the mismatch between information systems and clinical work
Community health nursing : theory and practice
Family training practices in Finland: A public health nurses' perspective.
Advanced practice nursing : essentials for role development
The teacher practitioner in nursing, midwifery and health visiting
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
Health-related quality of life in school children : validation of instrument, child assessment, parent-proxy assessment and school nursing documentation of health check-ups
Introduction to community nursing practice
Abstract: Family at risk in the context of maternity and child welfare clinic : mental health promotion as a point of view.
The experiences, knowledge and education of nurses and midwives about the rainbow-families in nursing prarctice
Health promoting practice : the contribution of nurses and allied health professionals
Information literacy as a social phenomenon in the nursing environment
Nursing in child health care : maintaining awareness of the child's development and care
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Case studies in primary care : a day in the office
Collaboration between ward, home help, district nursing and day hospital in the health care center of Masku as a part of a quality assurance project
Health visiting : Towards community health nursing
Nursing ethics : an international journal for heath care professionals
Essentials of the Roy adaptation model
Promotion of the good life : development of a curriculum for public health nurses
Community/public health nursing practice : health for families and populations
The experiences, knowledge and education of nurses and midwives about the rainbow-families in nursing practice
Vocational qualification in social and health care : practical nurse
Community health nursing : primary health care in practice
Experimental plan foundations in international nursing education : curriculum experiment
Mathematical skills of nurses and nursing students
Community & public health nursing
Yhteisöhoito osaksi suomalaista terveydenhuollon koulutusta : kansallinen levityshanke pilotti projektille Community care - developing an international degree programme for nurse education
Prevention of violence against nurses in the emergency department
Abstract: Public health nurses as physical activity promoters in Finnish child health clinics. - Summary (s. 81-86)
Expert : English for practical nurses
Nurse empowerment : a model of individual and environmental factors
Expert : English for practical nurses : äänite
Internationalisation in swedish undergraduate nursing education : it's interpretation and implementation in the context of nursing with tender loving care
Report on International Conference on Developing Nurses' and Midwives' Education of the Baltic States in Espoo Nursing College, 29 November - 2 December 1993
Guidelines for training community health workers in nutrition
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
Stress, disease and primary medical care
Hoitotiede 1991 : Pro Nursing ry:n vuosikirja : International nursing conference
Health promotion throughout the life span
