http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7963 mobiles
mobiles
Implementation of a digital cross-connect switch to a GSM network testing environment
Automotive Ethernet
Mobile-TV in Finland : The lack of a killer application
The topic of this thesis is important for Finnish schools as the funding of schools has been reduced and it is harder for schools to meet the requirements of law considering students right for education. In this manner comprehensive schools need more convenient and cost-effective ways for recruiting substitute teachers to make sure that the students will get the best possible teaching even when their regular teacher is absent. Substitute hiring and management requires a lot of work even on daily basis in the comprehensive schools. Theoretical part of this thesis consists of human resource management, legal aspects and current possibilities for using IT-tools when managing substitutes. These theoretical parts will be compared with the results of the research about how the substitute teachers are managed and recruited in comprehensive schools in Finland. Baltic countries are also reviewed briefly. The research for this thesis was made with qualitative method by sending a questionnaire to comprehensive school personnel in Finnish schools in order to get information about the actual practices and to get suggestions of how these practices could be developed. The outcome of the research was that the teachers and administrative personnel are spending a lot of time to find substitutes for the absences. The workload is partly due to the fact that the current systems in use are not always updated and the teachers struggle to reach suitable and adequate substitute. Findings of thesis conclude that there is need and willingness to start using IT-tools to support substitute management and that existing substitute databases are not fully utilised. Developed mobile application should connect to several databases such as recruitment service and administrative soft-wares to reach and allow diverse communication between teachers and substitutes.
Electronic and mobile commerce law : an analysis of trade, finance, media and cybercrime in the digital age
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
"This book provides a comprehensive presentation of issues and challenges faced by researchers and practicing engineers in motion planning and hybrid control of dynamical legged locomotion"--
Cross-platform mobile application development
Sleepiness at the wheel
Good 3D Mobile Gaming Practice : A product development project
Utilizing context in location-aware short-range wireless communication
Branded entertainment : discovering the possibilities in mobile media
This bachelor thesis describes multi platform mobile application testing process. Marmalade Software Development Kit was used as a primer environment for development and testing process. The thesis is divided into three major parts. The first describes development environment and target platforms. The second part introduces testing basics. The third part describes actual process of testing of the application. Arcade type game Glow Hockey 3D was a part of research part. This application was tested from the beginning of the development process and is still monitored. The application was successfully released on Google Play market and received mostly positive reviews from the critics. Post release problems appeared, however, their number was not great. As a result, multiplatform testing and development saved a lot of time and money since there was no need to double the application on another platform with different environment.
Handbook of driving simulation for engineering, medicine, and psychology
Speed management : a road safety manual for decision-makers and practitioners
The Map-Building and Exploration Strategies of a Simple Sonar-Equipped Mobile Robot : An Experimental, Quantitative Evaluation
Beginning Windows Phone 7 Development
Automotive mechatronics : operational and practical issues. Volume I
Driving ability among people with stroke : developing assessments and exploring the lived-experience
This book provides a comprehensive overview of the entire landscape of both outdoor and indoor wireless positioning, and guides the reader step by step in the implementation of wireless positioning applications on the iPhone. Explanations of fundamental positioning techniques are given throughout the text, along with many programming examples, providing the reader with an independent, practical, and enjoyable learning of the material while gaining a real feel for the subject. . Provides an accessible introduction to positioning technologies such as Global Positioning System and Wi-Fi positioning. Presents hands-on skills to iOS 5.0 programming for location-aware applications. Gives a thorough grounding in signal propagation, line-of-sight and interference effects for accurate positioning. Covers the location-aware video streaming and conferencing with practical iPhone application examples. Accompanied by a website containing programming code described in the text and lecture presentation slides for instructors This book is primarily intended for anyone who wants to study wireless localization. It is an ideal textbook for graduate students who are first learning localization techniques, as well as advanced undergraduates in computer science interested in translating localization concepts into real code. Professionals, engineers and researchers working in location-aware services and related techniques using mobile positioning and AI technologies will find this book to be a helpful reference.Companion website for the book:www.wiley.com/go/chan/wireless.
Creative kinetics : making mechanical marvels in wood
Launching and Marketing a Mobile Game : Strategy and Consumer Perceptions
Transportation in an aging society : a decade of experience : technical papers and reports from a conference, November 7-9, 1999, Bethesda, Maryland
Web design for iMind
Google app inventor for Android
Mobile marketing for mobile games
A magic stronger than death : [Jean Tinguely]
How to make shapes in space
Pro Windows Phone 7 development
Data systems : a road safety manual for decision-makers and practitioners
"This book presents an exhaustive compilation of state-of-the-art research and theory into the causes and consequences of behavioral adaptation in road transport/road safety and systems. It brings together earlier and more recent theories on behavioral adaptation, combined with practical advice and methods to minimize the potential impact of behavioral adaptation on the road transport system and road user safety. This text is an essential component of any road safety library, benefiting researchers, practitioners, designers and policy-makers interested in maximizing safety while encouraging innovation and excellence in road transport-related design"--
Mobile Phone Programming-Based on Mobile Sensor API for User Interface
Drawing on the air : the kinetic sculpture of Tim Prentice
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
THE INTIMATE WORLD OF ALEXANDER CALDER
Writing for educators who want to use 21st-century technologies to help deliver relevant classroom instruction, Brooks-Young examines hardware already used by many students, explores free Web 2.0 tools, and sheds light on common objections and changing points of view about using mobile technologies for instructional support.
Analysis of Success Factors of Mergers and Acquisitions in the Automotive Industry
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Introduction to wireless localization : with iPhone SDK examples
Wind toys that spin, sing, twirl & whirl / That spin, sing, twirl & whirl
"In this book, the authors show how an optimized system of mobility management can improve the quality of service in existing forms of mobile communication"--
This thesis goes through the process of creating a graphic design of a web page which includes determining all the components and how they can affect the visual outcome. The main task is to create a design plan for a website by creating images with an image editing software with the support of theoretical knowledge, end users’ preferences, and creativity. The aim is to create a modern design considering the responsive functions and the users’ needs. The users’ perspectives, needs, and habits are explored by interviewing companies supplied by the commissioner. The theoretical research contributes technical guidance on making choices in the design of a web page. The designs were made with Adobe Photoshop, which was accessible at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences, as was the recorder used in the interviews. The images in the designs were chosen from the commissioner’s existing website. The colours used in the designs were designated with the help of a colour wheel application. This thesis may be used by the commissioner for their webpage as well as anyone who is working with visual designs and looking for some theoretical explanations. The information covers many aspects of design as a webpage is a whole consisting of many components, such as text, layouts, and various types of graphics.
Mobile Internet Start-ups as a Potential Market for Angel Investors
CROSS PLATFORM APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT WITH HTML5 FOR IOS AND ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEMS
Stakeholders' competence expectations for RDSS organization
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Beginning mobile application development in the cloud
You can make mobiles by Tibor
Behavioural adaptation and road safety : theory, evidence, and action
Viability of artificial neural networks in mobile healthcare
Conceptualising personal and mobile learning environments in higher education : focus on students' perspective
Mobile magic : Innovative ideas for airborne accessories
Characteristics of drunk drivers in Sweden : alcohol problems, detection, crime records, psychosocial characteristics, personality traits and mental health
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Mobile Guide : An offline web application for mobile devices
UMTS Network Planning, Optimization, and Inter-Operation with GSM is an accessible, one-stop reference to help engineers effectively reduce the time and costs involved in UMTS deployment and optimization. Rahnema includes detailed coverage from both a theoretical and practical perspective on the planning and optimization aspects of UMTS, and a number of other new techniques to help operators get the most out of their networks. . Provides an end-to-end perspective, from network design to optimization. Incorporates the hands-on experiences of numerous researchers. Single authorship allows for strong coherency and accessibility. Details the complete iteration cycle of radio link budgeting for coverage planning and dimensioning Rahnema demonstrates detailed formulation of radio capacity and coverage in UMTS, and discusses the tradeoffs involved. He presents complete link budgeting and iterative simulations for capacity and coverage planning, along with practical guidelines. UMTS Network Planning contains seventeen cohesive and well-organized chapters which cover numerous topics, including: . Radio channel structures, radio channel models, parameters, model tuning. Techniques for capacity and coverage enhancements. Complete treatment of power control, handoffs and radio resource practical management processes and parameters. Detailed coverage of TCP protocol enhancement for operation over wireless links, particularly UMTS. Application of GSM measurements to plan and re-engineer for UMTS radio sites. Guidelines for site co-location with GSM, the QOS classes, parameters and inter-workings in UMTS. AMR voice codecs and tradeoffs, core and access network design, architectural evolution, and protocols. Comprehensive discussion and presentation of practical techniques for radio performance analysis, trending, and troubleshooting Perfect for professionals in the field and researchers specializing in network enhancement. Engineers working on other air interfaces and next generation technologies will find many of the techniques introduced helpful in designing and deploying future wireless networks as well. Students and professionals new to the wireless field will also find this book to be a good foundation in network planning, performance analysis, and optimization.
Current Chinese Consumer Purchase Behaviour : Case: Shanzhai Mobile Phones
The main aim of this thesis was to describe how a single UI code could be used in different operating systems. The objective in this thesis was to bring out the main key points how a hybrid HTML5 application can be implemented by using iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components as a container for a hybrid application. This thesis also describes how a data transfer is done between HTML, JavaScript and native code. As a starting point, a hybrid application was implemented in both Android and iOS platforms. I wanted to implement an application, which would give value for the end users. I studied some time for open web APIs and found out that Finnkino Movie Company was providing a free XML API for their services and the application idea was found. I interviewed some of my friends about the functional needs for the application and also about how the UI should look like. The application itself was designed to use only one platform specific native WebView component. The User Interface was built with the HTML elements and JavaScript because the UI should look the same in both platforms. In my application the native code handles the XML data parsing from the Finnkino’s web API and sends the parsed data to the calling JavaScript function, which will then place the data into the HTML elements dynamically. When the application was completed, all the differences between the platforms were studied and documented into this thesis. As a result iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components provide a good support for a hybrid application development with some minor differences. The main difference is the performance and how responsive the UI is in these platforms. From the development point of view, I see a great opportunity to implement mobile applications with a web technology, as it is a fast evolving environment introducing new possibilities for the developers in a very fast phase. And from the business point of view, I can see a great opportunity for smaller companies, or individual developers because with a single effort the application UI can be created for multiple platforms and this saves money and resources.
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT-solutions in comprehensive schools : Finland
Teaching with the tools kids really use : learning with Web and mobile technologies
Hybrid control and motion planning of dynamical legged locomotion
Magnificent mobiles : create your own mobile masterpieces in easy-to-make stages
Mobile communication and society : a global perspective : a project of the Annenberg Research Network on international communication
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
Mobile magic : innovative ideas for airborne accessories : over 80 creations and inspirations
UMTS network planning, optimization, and inter-operation with GSM
Designing and constructing mobiles
The purpose of this thesis is to develop a cross-platform mobile game and to highlight main aspects of the development process. Game project does not have any commissioner company and no specific requirements. In theoretical part of this thesis main cross-platform development frameworks will be compared and main challenges of mobile development will be defined. In practical part the process of development will be described. The practical outcome of the development will be evaluated, the Glow Hockey 3D game submission to mobile app stores; user’s feedback and download rates will be reviewed, and technical aspects of using cross-platform software development tools will be evaluated.
Design of a user interface for a social billiards application for mobile operating systems
Gender Impact and Mobile Phone Solutions in Rural Development:  : A Case Study in Rural Iringa, Tanzania
This is a study of the cultural politics of four aspects of everyday life - health, comfort, risk and mobility - as manifest in public culture. The book explores the commodification of these aspects, arguing that our experience and perception of these are mediated by discourses circulating in the mass media.
Next generation mobile communications ecosystem : technology management for mobile communications
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Telegeoinformatics : location-based computing and services
Programming reactive extensions and LINQ
Computer networking : a top-down approach
"My SocioWorld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
Android ECG Application Development
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
Cross-platform mobile application testing
Software development for mobile devices: iPhone OS vs. Maemo
The Supersti+Tech project : a reinterpretation of superstition through new media
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
Sams teach yourself Android application development in 24 hours
Wireless mobility : the why of wireless
Mobile Phone Programming : Piano Player Game
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
Professional mobile web development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
Calder and abstraction : from avant-garde to iconic
Mobile phone testing in 2G and 3G networks
Driver behaviour and training. Volume IV
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Time-domain beamforming and blind source separation : speech input in the car environment
Paths to a middle ground : the diplomacy of Natchez, Boukfouka, Nogales, and San Fernando de las Barrancas, 1791-1795
The Photo Viewer Application
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Mobiles & other paper windcatchers
A safe road transport system : factors influencing injury outcome for car occupants
Do you need to get up to date with the world's most popular networking technology? With this resource you will discover everything you need to know about Ethernet and its implementation in the automotive industry. Enhance your technical understanding and better inform your decision-making process so that you can experience the benefits of Ethernet implementation. From new market opportunities, to lower costs, and less complex processes; this is the first book to provide a comprehensive overview of automotive Ethernet. Covering electromagnetic requirements and physical layer technologies, Quality of Service, the use of VLANs, IP, and Service Discovery, as well as network architecture and testing, this unique and comprehensive resource is a must have, whether you are a professional in the automotive industry, or an academic who needs a detailed overview of this revolutionary technology and its historical background.
Creative China painting
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
Alexander Calder : 1898-1976 : [National Gallery of Art, Washington, 29 March - 12 July 1998 : San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, 4 September - 1 December 1998] / catalogue Marla Prather ; chronology Alexander S. C. Rower ; essay Arnauld Pierre
e-shock 2020 : how the digital technology revolution is changing business and all our lives
Edutainment Content for Mobile Devices in Kenya
Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions
Mobility protocols and handover optimization : design, evaluation and application
A Marketing Analysis of Jiangling Motors Co., Ltd., China
Mobile Marketing  : What customers are thinking about?
Web Design for iMind
Illumination guidelines for nighttime highway work
Testing of S60 search applicaton
There are two radically different approaches to robot navigation: the first is to use a map of the robot's environment; the second uses a set of action reflexes to enable a robot to react rapidly to local sensory information. Hybrid approaches combining features of both also exist. This book is the first to propose a method for evaluating the different approaches that shows how to decide which is the most appropriate for a given situation. It begins by describing a complete implementation of a mobile robot including sensor modelling, map–building (a feature–based map and a grid–based free–space map), localisation, and path–planning. Exploration strategies are then tested experimentally in a range of environments and starting positions. The author shows the most promising results are observed from hybrid exploration strategies which combine the robustness of reactive navigation and the directive power of map–based strategies.
Students' perceptions of using mobile technology in higher education
Abstract: Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions. As indicated by the title, the focus of this thesis is on both launching and marketing a mobile game. It aims to understand the consumer and its perceptions, the optimal marketing mix, and the most efficient way of launching a mobile game. All of this is applied in a real world setting, using the up-and-coming mobile gaming company Boomlagoon as an example. The marketing mix, consumer decision making process, lean startup method, and chasm are all concepts which are taken into consideration throughout the thesis. They act as the basis for methodology. Both in-depth interviews and a questionnaire are used to collect data. The research conducted is limited by sample size, due to the lack of resources available to the thesis author. In an optimal setting, the methodology applied in this thesis would contain more participants and research methods, in order to cross reference data and gain more depth to the information inferred. Overall, the results indicate that Boomlagoon is on the right track. However, applying the theories and concepts reviewed throughout the thesis, while not guaranteeing success, should at least aid the company in understanding their consumer, developing marketing efforts, and effectively launching their product.
Cross platform application development with HTML5 for iOS and Android operating systems
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT solutions in comprehensive schools
Dreams of Africa in Alabama : the slave ship Clotilda and the story of the last Africans brought to America
Mobile Web 2.0 : developing and delivering services to mobile devices
Ecommerce mobile application with IBM WebSphere
Java programming for Android developers for dummies : Wiley brand
Mobile Phone Programming- Multi-Player Mobile Phone Game Based on Bluetooth
Packaging life : cultures of the everyday
Mobile banking in developing countries (a case study on Kenya).
The most comprehensive reference on wireless localization technology, featuring theory, current practice, and application examplesThis authoritative handbook reviews both classic and emerging position location techniques, presenting unique, in-depth coverage from fundamentals of coordinates to advanced application examples. Featuring contributions from dozens of researchers from around the world, it provides the breadth of knowledge needed for readers who need to get up to speed in the fundamentals of wireless localization or who are involved in its emerging applications in such key areas as homeland security, law enforcement, emergency response, defense command and control, and multi-robot coordination.This invaluable handbook is comprised of seven parts:. Part I reviews the basic techniques and research topics in position localization. Part II details TOA and DOA localization methods, introducing important measures that compare different estimation techniques. Part III studies the fundamentals of received signal strength-based positioning methods and their potential for indoor localization. Part IV examines non-line-of-sight identification, mitigation, and localization methods, highlighting many novel techniques. Part V reviews mobility and tracking using Kalman Filtering techniques, including their application in indoor localization and GNSS systems. Part VI covers several topics in the area of network-based or cooperative localization, introducing techniques such as infrastructure-free local and wireless local positioning systems. Part VII includes several novel applications of position location systems, offering many techniques and methods including GNSS and RFID-based localization systems and wireless local positioning systemsMany chapters feature useful MATLAB examples and their solutions; the examples have been designed to help readers learn fundamental algorithms for positioning and to begin their research more quickly. All MATLAB code is available online for download at: ftp://ftp.wiley.com/public/sci_tech_med/matlab_codesHandbook of Position Location allows any working engineer or graduate student to quickly come up to speed in these systems. It also helps university professors teach the fundamentals of wireless localization.
"This book provides a comprehensive presentation of issues and challenges faced by researchers and practicing engineers in motion planning and hybrid control of dynamical legged locomotion. The major features range from offline and online motion planning algorithms to generate desired feasible periodic walking and running motions and tow-level control schemes, including within-stride feedback laws, continuous time update laws and event-based update laws, to asymptotically stabilize the generated desired periodic orbits. This book describes the current state of the art and future directions across all domains of dynamical legged locomotion so that readers can extend proposed motion planning algorithms and control methodologies to other types of planar and 3D legged robots"--
Selection criteria for car rental customers at Helsinki Airport : Customer survey
Influence of cultural difference on mobile user experience : a case study of the Nokia phone in Japanese mobile culture
Calder : a study of the works of Alexander Calder
Automotive mechatronics : operational and practical issues. Volume II
