http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7962 comparative linguistics
comparative linguistics
The syntax of circumstantial adverbials
Comparative morphology of the Omotic languages
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
A comparative grammar of South African languages
Syntactic theory and first language acquisition : cross-linguistic perspectives. Vol. 2, Binding, dependencies, and learnability
Linguistic categories : auxiliaries and related puzzles. Vol. 1, Categories
Studies in the classification of Eastern Bantu languages
Studies in relational grammar. 3
A student guide to the genitive of agent in the indo-European languages
Discourse strategies
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
Sentence processing : a crosslinguistic perspective
INTRODUCTION TO THE PRINCIPLES OF LANGUAGE
Lexical-semantic relations : a comparative survey
Contrastive and applied linguistics : contrastive studies : research papers = Sastatāmā un lietiš,kā valodniecība : kontrastīvie pētījumi : zinātniskie raksti. 10
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 1
Long-distance anaphora
Cushitic and Omotic languages : proceedings of the Third International Symposium Berlin, March 17-19, 1994
Contrastive linguistics : prospects and problems
Reciprocal constructions
On deixis in English and Polish : the role of demonstrative pronouns
The classification of the Bantu languages
Linguistics
Principles and parameters in comparative grammar
Syntactic iconity and linguistics freezes : the human dimension
A contribution to the general theory of comparative linguistics
Approaching second : second position clitics and related phenomena
Theoretical issues in contrastive phonology
Lexical priming : a new theory of words and language
Issues in Bantu tonology
Experimental phonology
The morphology of nominal plural in the Cushitic languages
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
The evolution of Indo-European nomenclature for salmonid fish : the case of 'huchen' (hucho spp.)
Dravidian and Negro-African : ethno-linguistic study on their origin, diffusion, prehistoric contacts and common cultural and linguistic heritage
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 2
The comparative method in historical linguistics
Voice : form and function
The Akkadian personal pronouns and verbal system in the light of Semitic and Hamitic
Typological studies in negation
Bole-Tangale languages of the Bauchi area (Northern Nigeria)
Structures of Focus and Grammatical Relations
Nominalization/verbalization : constraining a typology of transcategorical operations
Place names, linguistic contact and prehistory : with special reference to Åsele lappmark
Dravidian comparative vocabulary
Symmetric and asymmetric standard negation
Syntactic theory and first language acquisition : cross-linguistic perspectives. Vol. 1, Heads, projections, and lernability
Strategies of reflexivisation and the meaning of predicates : a contrastive analysis of English, German, and French
International journal of sino-western studies
Classic Arabic as the ancestor of Indo-Europian languages and origin of speech
Understanding English-German contrasts
A short introduction to the study of comparative grammar (Indo-European)
Advanced principles of historical linguistics
The Hebrew language : viewed in the light of Assyrian research
The nature and function of syntactic categories
The grammatical structure of Dravidian languages
Hebrew in its West Semitic setting : a comparative survey of non-masoretic Hebrew dialects and traditions. Part 1, A comparative lexicon, section Ba : Root system : Hebrew material
Hebrew in its West Semitic setting : a comparative survey of non-Masoretic Hebrew dialects and traditions. Part 1, A comparative lexicon, Section Bb : Root system, comparative material and discussion ; Sections C, D and E : Numerals under 100, pronouns, particles
The lexicon in focus : competition and convergence in current lexicology
Preference laws for syllable structure and the explanation of sound change : with special reference to German, Germanic, Italian, and Latin
Essays on restrictiveness and learnability
Contrastive and applied linguistics : contrastive studies : research papers = Sastatāmā un lietiš,ka valodniecība : kontrastīvie pētījumi : zinātniskie raksti. 8
Balts and Aryans : in their Indo-European background
Typology of periphrastic 'do'-constructions
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Existential sentences : their structure and meaning
Surmic languages and cultures
Further insights into contrastive analysis
Contrastive semantics and pragmatics. Vol. 1, Meanings and representations
More on the Uralo-Dravidian relationship : a comparison of Uralic and Dravidian etymological vocabularies
Apprehension : language, object, and order. Part 3, The universal dimension of apprehension
Pragmatic Markers in Contrast
Complex predicates and event structure : an integrated analysis of serial verb constructions in the Mabia languages of West Africa
Contrastive semantics and pragmatics
Notes on comparative bantuistics : some notes based on the colloqium "The Main Problems of Bantuistics", April 23-25, Dept. of African and Asian Studies, University of Helsinki, led by Prof. Ernst Dammann
Theoretical aspects of passivization in the framework of applicative grammar
The Nilo-Saharan languages : a comparative essay
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 3
Thematic relations and transitivity in English, Japanese, and Korean
Hebrew in its West Semitic setting : a comparative survey of non-masoretic Hebrew dialects and traditions. Part 1, A comparative lexicon, section A : Proper names
New departures in contrastive linguistics = Neue Anst̃ze in der Kontrastiven Linguistik : proceedings of the Conference Held at the Leopold-Franzens-University of Innsbruck, Austria, 10-12 May 1991. Vol 2
New departures in contrastive linguistics = Neue Anst̃ze in der Kontrastiven Linguistik : proceedings of the Conference Held at the Leopold-Franzens-University of Innsbruck, Austria, 10-12 May 1991. Vol 1
Contrastive linguistics : papers from the CL-symposion, 28-30 August 1989, The Aarhus School of Business
The principles of comparative philology
The grammar of negation : a constraint-based approach
Yupik Eskimo prosodic systems : descriptive and comparative studies
Approaches to language typology
Semito-Hamitic languages : an essay in classification
Early Finno-Ugric linguistics
On pseudo-corrections in some Semitic languages
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 4
English-German contrastive linguistics : a bibliography
Comparative grammar of the Semitic languages
Metatext in professional writing : a contrastive study of English, German and Swedish
Cross-linguistic semantics
Early Semitic : a diachronical inquiry into the relationship of Ethiopic to the other so-called South-East Semitic languages
The structure of the noun phrase in English and Hindi
