http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7966 horror films
horror films
The Little shop of horrors : Pieni kauhukauppa
Shocking representation : historical trauma, national cinema, and the modern horror film
Prometheus
Eugenie De Sade '70 : the complete original motion picture soundtrack
Abject terrors : surveying the modern and postmodern horror film
Horror : a thematic history in fiction and film
Freddy's Dead : The Final Nightmare
Encyclopedia Gothica
The philosophy of horror
Grande illusions : the art and technique of special make-up effects : from the films of Tom Savini. Original Books I & II
The shining - Hohto
Vampires through the ages : lore & legends of the world's most notorious blood drinkers
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 2, G-O
Stay out of the shower : the shocker film phenomenon
Surmansuu = Def by temptation
THE BEST, WORST, AND MOST UNUSUAL : HORROR FILMS
Fear, cultural anxiety, and transformation : horror, science fiction, and fantasy films remade
The vampire film : from Nosferatu to True Blood
The cinema of adventure, romance and terror : from the archives of American Cinematographer
The BFI companion to horror
The cinema of George A. Romero : knight of the living dead
The gift - enne
Immoral tales : European sex and horror movies 1956-1984
"This volume investigates the horror genre across national boundaries (including locations such as Africa, Turkey, and post-Soviet Russia) and different media forms, illustrating the ways that horror can be theorized through the circulation, reception, and production of transnational media texts. Perhaps more than any other genre, horror is characterized by its ability to be simultaneously aware of the local while able to permeate national boundaries, to function on both regional and international registers. The essays here explore political models and allegories, questions of cult or subcultural media and their distribution practices, the relationship between regional or cultural networks, and the legibility of international horror iconography across distinct media. The book underscores how a discussion of contemporary international horror is not only about genre but about how genre can inform theories of visual cultures and the increasing permeability of their borders." -- Publisher website.
Burying the ex
Roman Polanski : 3 DVD collection
Writing the thriller film : the terror within
100 European horror films
La chiesa : original motion picture soundtrack
Undead memory : vampires and human memory in popular culture
Necronomicon. Book 1 / edited by Andy Black
Rosemaryn painajainen = Rosemary's baby
Where angels fear to hover : between the gothic disease and the meataphysics of horror
Creatures of the night : the Rocky Horror experience
Ruumiinsieppaajat = The body snatcher
Japanese horror cinema
The fearmakers : the screen's directorial masters of suspense and terror
British horror cinema
Nightmare movies : horror on screen since the 1960s
Famous monster movie art of Basil Gogos
Horror poster art
New Hollywood : der amerikanische Film nach 1968 : the American film after 1968
George A. Romero's Day of the dead : expanded original motion picture soundtrack
The horror genre : from Beelzebub to Blair Witch
Horror film and psychoanalysis : Freud's worst nightmare
Black death
Special issue : aesthetics and popular culture
Asian horror
Genre screenwriting : how to write popular screenplays that sell
Dark stars rising : conversations from the outer realms
Horror & Science Fiction : Film Music
Horror of the 20th century : an illustrated history
The lost continent : Original motion picture soundtrack
Horror movies
How to survive a horror movie : all the skills to dodge the kills
Porno holocaust : original motion picture soundtrack
Horror : the definite guide to the cinema of fear
Night of the living dead
Alien : the special effects
Horror film aesthetics : creating the visual language of fear
A pictorial history of horror movies
Hollywood gothic : the tangled web of Dracula from novel to stage to screen
Dreams of darkness : fantasy and the films of Val Lewton
Monsters in the movies : 100 years of cinematic nightmares
The Hills have eyes
Godzilla on my mind : fifty years of the king of monsters
Immoral tales : sex and horror cinema in Europe 1956-1984
The American horror film : an introduction
House of psychotic women : an autobiographical topography of female neurosis in horror and exploitation films
Horror, the film reader
"In Undead in the West: Vampires, Zombies, Mummies, and Ghosts on the Cinematic Frontier, Cynthia J. Miller and A. Bowdoin Van Riper have assembled a collection of essays that explore the many tropes and themes through which undead Westerns make the genre's inner plagues and demons visible, and lay siege to a frontier tied to myths of strength, ingenuity, freedom, and independence. The volume is divided into three sections: "Reanimating Classic Western Tropes" examines traditional Western characters, symbolism, and plot devices and how they are given new life in undead Westerns; "The Moral Order Under Siege" explores the ways in which the undead confront classic values and morality tales embodied in Western films; and "And Hell Followed with Him" looks at justice, retribution, and retaliation at the hands of undead angels and avenger. The subjects explored here run the gamut from such B films as Curse of the Undead and Billy the Kid vs. Dracula to A-list features like From Dusk 'til Dawn and Jonah Hex, as well as animated films (Rango) and television programs (The Walking Dead and Supernatural). Other films discussed include Sam Raimi's Bubba Ho-Tep, John Carpenter's Vampires, George Romero's Land of the Dead, and Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time in the West. Featuring several illustrations and a filmography, Undead in the West will appeal to film scholars, especially those interested in hybrid genres, as well as fans of the Western and the supernatural in cinema."--Publisher description.
Poor pretty Eddie
Lethal repetition : serial killing in European cinema
THE AURUM FILM ENCYCLOPEDIA HORROR
Invasion of The Body Snatchers
Rosemary's baby : original soundtrack
Scary sound effects : nightmarish noise for Halloween!
A PICTORIAL HISTORY OF HORROR MOVIES
Undead in the West : vampires, zombies, mummies, and ghosts on the cinematic frontier
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 3, P-Z
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 1, A-F
The essential Dracula
Clive Barker's A-Z of horror
The Ashgate encyclopedia of literary and cinematic monsters
The making of Exorcist II: The heretic
Horror
The Last House on the Left
Horror zone : the cultural experience of contemporary horror cinema
Projected fears : horror films and American culture
The A-Z of horror films
Dark dreams 2.0 : a psychological history of the modern horror film from the 1950s to the 21st century
European nightmares : horror cinema in Europe since 1945
Post-9/11 horror in American cinema
The shining
Psychos ! Sickos ! Sequels ! : horror films of the 1980s
The modern horror film : 50 contemporary classics from "The curse of Frankenstein" to "The lair of the White Whorm"
Dreadful pleasures : an anatomy of modern horror
"The Horror Genre: From Beelzebub to Blair Witch provides a comprehensive introduction to the history and key themes of the horror film, the main issues and debates surrounding the genre, and the approaches and theories that have been applied to horror texts. In addressing the evolution of the horror film in social and historical context, Paul Wells explores how it has reflected and commented upon particular historical periods, and questions how the horror movie may respond to the new millennium by focusing on the uncharted horizons opened out by recent innovations in the genre's development."--BOOK JACKET.
American horror film : the genre at the turn of the millennium
Men, women, and chain saws : gender in the modern horror film
The Hamiltons
Creepshows : the illustrated Stephen King movie guide
George A. Romero
Speaking of monsters : a teratological anthology
Euro gothic : classics of continental horror cinema
Going to pieces : the rise and fall of the slasher film, 1978-1986
Universal Studios monsters : a legacy of horror
Sick humor
Cannibal flesh riot! : the original motion picture score
Horror film : creating and marketing fear
Caligari's children : the film as tale of terror
Video screams : the official sourcebook to horror, science fiction, fantasy and related films on videocasette and disc
Twilight : epäilys
Dead of night
Horror films : current research on audience preferences and reactions
Eyeball compendium : writings on sex and horror in the cinema from the pages of Eyeball Magazine, 1989-2003
The Covenant
American zombie gothic : the rise and fall (and rise] of the walking dead in the popular culture
Black sheep : musta lammas
The Biology of horror : gothic literature and film
Phallic panic
Animal horror cinema : genre, history and criticism
Dario Argento : the man, the myths & the magic
The essential monster movie guide : a century of creature features on film, tv and video
Beyond terror : the films of Lucio Fulci
Diary of the dead
Pumpkin cinema : the best movies for Halloween
A new heritage of horror : the English gothic cinema
Night of the living dead : behind the scenes of the most terrifying zombie movie ever
Zombies : a cultural history
After Dracula : the 1930s horror film
Planks of reason : essays on the horror film
The Hammer story : the authorised history of Hammer films
Weird & scary : The ultimate scream! in film scores
Dracula celebrating 100 years
Scream : the unofficial companion to the Scream trilogy
Pornodelic pleasures : Jess Franco cinema
In one volume, the BFI Companion to Horror offers a complete concordance to one of the most lasting genres of popular entertainment, focusing of course on the cinema but also taking in literature, television, radio, popular music, history and folklore. Covering great artists like Boris Karloff and Edgar Allan Poe and humble toilers like Edward D. Wood and John Carradine, this book provides a history of the horror genre from its pre-cinema beginnings in the eighteenth-century gothic novel and the Victorian ghost story through a hundred years of fevered activity, spotlighting not only mainstream horror producers such as Hammer Films and Alfred Hitchcock but also less expected names (Franz Kafka and Ingmar Bergman). In addition to entries on actors, directors, writers and technicians associated with horror, and all horror-themed film and television series, there are insightful essays on classic horror characters like Frankenstein and Dracula, on recurrent situations like decapitation and body-snatching, even on often-horrific portions of the body like eyes and brains. Among the experts who have contributed are Mark Ashworth, Anne Billson, Jeremy Clarke, Christopher Frayling, Neil Gaiman, Phil Hardy, Peter Hutchings, Tom Hutchinson, Alan Jones, Stephen Jones, Mark Kermode, Tim Lucas, Maitland McDonagh, David Prothero, Mark Salisbury, Philip Strick, Steve Thrower and Linda Ruth Williams.
Zombies : the complete guide to the world of the living dead
Science fiction/horror : a Sight and Sound reader
Transnational horror across visual media : fragmented bodies
Stereo ; Crimes of the future
Kissaihmisten kirous = Curse of the cat people
Horror! : 333 films to scare you to death
THE GREAT BOOK OF MOVIE MONSTERS
Heartland Ghost
"The first academic study of the genre of animal horror cinema is essential for cinema and animal studies scholars as well as for fans of horror film. It defines this popular sub-genre, outlines its history and studies recent films as well as cult classics from a variety of perspectives. A central idea in the book is that animal horror cinema mirrors socially entrenched fears of and attitudes toward animals. Thus, animal horror cinema reveals attitudes toward the fabric of social life, the fragility of the eco-system and a deep uncertainty about what makes humans different from animals. The book contains chapters by scholars with different national and disciplinary backgrounds, and therefore offers a wide range of interpretations on the significance of the animal in modern horror film"--
