http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p796 supernatural creatures
supernatural creatures
Pocket apocalypse
The dead nasties
Hungry like the wolf
Play of passion : a psy-changeling novel
Mine to possess : a psy-changeling novel
Cast in flight
Strange tales from a Chinese studio : the classic collection of eerie and fantastic Chinese stories of supernatural
Every other day
The mist
The Goon in For want of whiskey and blood
Bleach. Vol. 33 : The bad joke
Midnight crossroad
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
Bay of sighs
Legends of trolls and the Bible
The Awakening
The vanir : an obituary
The spriggan mirror
The Tarot café. Volume 1
Blood of the earth
The return
Abominable science! : origins of the Yeti, Nessie, and other famous cryptids
Demons in my driveway
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 12 : Devil's drum
Fairy cube. vol. 2
Tempest rising
Heart of venom
Magic breaks
Clockwork universe : Steampunk vs Aliens
Caressed by ice : [a psy-changeling novel]
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
Dictionary of the occult & supernatural : an A to Z of hauntings, possession, witchcraft, demonology and other occult phenomena
The unspeakable vault (of doom)
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
In defence of the vanir
Bleach. Vol. 65 : Marching out the zombies
The Chatto book of ghosts
The hour of dust and ashes
Conference report : the Old  Norse Folklorists Network's conference "Sagas, legends and trolls : the supernatural from early modern back to Old Norse tradition" : 12th-14th June 2014, Tartu, Estonia
Monster in my closet
Cast in flame
The iron daughter
The iron king
The hunter and the hunted
A knight of the seven kingdoms
Eternity kill. [Volume one]
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 6 : The house where Jyami wanders
By a thread
Grave memory
A game of thrones
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 9 : Tono Monogatari
Pulse : a siren book
A birthright of blood
Bonds of justice : a psy-changeling novel
The mammoth book of ghost romance
Split second
Perspectives on the category 'supernatural'
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Burn with me
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
Undercurrent : a siren novel
Dragon age. [Volume 2] : Those who speak
Lokrur, Lóðurr and late evidence
Bleach. Vol. 36 : Turn back the pendulum
Siren's fury
Cast in moonlight
Visions of heat : [a psy-changeling novel]
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
The iron knight
The Tarot café. Volume 2
Dragon age. [Volume 3] : Until we sleep
Fairy cube. vol. 1
Phoenix in my fortune
Spider's trap
Blood blockade battlefront. 2 : A game between worlds
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 4 : The 88 demons of Shikoku
A dark and powerful goddess hunts for three jewels: fallen stars that will give her endless power. To save the world, six friends have joined forces to stop her.
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 18 : the golden age of Edo
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 13 : Conflict
Doctor Sleep
Tangle of need : a psy-changeling novel
Richelle Mead Dark Swan bundle
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 21 : Ghost story : Aoandon
The werewolf megapack : 22 classic and modern tales of shape-shifters!
The world guide to gnomes, fairies, elves and other little people
The Avalon chronicles. Volume one : Once in a blue moon
On her seventeenth birthday, Tempest must decide whether to remain a human and live on land or submit to her mermaid half, like her mother before her, and enter into a long-running war under the sea.
Shaman rises
Tangled threads
Sybil. The backpack fairy. 3 : Aithor
Shards of hope : a psy-changeling novel
Hostage to pleasure : a psy-changeling novel
Kiss of snow : a psy-changeling novel
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 2 : Rikuo vs. Gyuki
Blood blockade battlefront. 1 : Secret society in the sealed city of magic
Odd is on our side
Fairy cube. vol. 3
The queen of zombie hearts
New cthulhu : the recent weird
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 10 : Kyoto in darkness
Verses versus the 'Vanir' : response to Simek's "Vanir obituary"
Fairies in my fireplace
Death's daughter
Night shift
Blaze of memory : a psy-changeling novel
The reckoning
Goomi's unspeakable vault (of doom) or weird tales from the old ones..
Blood blockade battlefront. 3 : The tremorous blood hammer
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
The witcher III : wild hunt : PS4
Spike. Volume 1 : Alone together now
Through the zombie glass
Slave to sensation : [a psy-changeling novel]
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 5 : The Yokai with wings darker than night
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography II : Hrimþurs and cosmogony (a contrbution to the Vanir debate)
Branded by fire : a psy-changeling novel
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 14 : To Nijo castle
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 8 : Echoes of the past
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 7 : The three Keikain siblings
Kehua! : a ghost story
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 15 : Fragments of the past
Entice
Bleach. Vol. 35 : Higher than the moon
Allegiance of honour : a psy-changeling novel
Copperhead
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 11 : Torii labyrinth
True blood and philosophy : we wanna think bad things with you
A legacy of light
Twilight and history
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
Jade sky : a Matt Rowley novel
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 17 : Kirisaki Toryanse, the ripper
I thought vampires were our enemies--they controlled our lives, isolated our cities, and demanded our blood--until I met Victor. With Victor taking over as the new Lord Valentine, things were supposed to get better. Instead, they're worse than ever. Day Walkers, a new breed of vampires who can walk in the sun, are terrorizing the city. Blood supplies are low, and if Victor's vampires don't get enough, they will become infected with the Thirst--a disease that will turn them into mindless killers. To stop it, I must journey across the desolate wasteland to the very place where the sickness began. I can only hope that the answers that await me are enough to save us all . . . before it's too late.
Dragon age. [Volume 1] : The silent grove
Goomi's unspeakable vault (of doom) or weird tales from the old ones.... Volume 2 : G.O.O.s on the loose
Leviathan
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 16 : Rikuo's declaration
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 19 : ghost story : Kudan
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 1
After daybreak : a Darkness before dawn novel
Tempest revealed
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 3 : The Nura clan assembly
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
Shield of winter : a psy-changeling novel
Nura : Rise of the Yokai clan. Volume 20 : Kusozu
Bleach. Vol. 37 : Beauty is so solitary
Cast in sorrow
A memory of fire
Wild invitation : a psy-changeling collection
Before their world is destroyed completely, seventeen-year-old Dawn must convince the vampires to unite with humans against the evil Day Walkers.
