http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7979 misunderstandings
misunderstandings
Mystery child
Actually, factually : mind-blowing myths, muddles and misconceptions
That's not what I meant! : how conversational style makes or breaks your relations with others
Love Hina. Vol. 6 / [translator: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Misconceptions in chemistry : addressing perceptions in chemical education
Tommy Storm
Jeeves and the wedding bells : a homage to P. G. Wodehouse
100 myths about the Middle East
All quiet on the Orient Express
Father Don and the Holy Ghost : englannin hauskimmat v채채rinkuullut sanat
No one understands you and what to do about it
The ants are my friends : misheard lyrics, malapropisms, eggcorns, and other linguistic gaffes
"Have you ever had the feeling that you're just not getting through to the person you're talking with, or coming across the way you intend to? You're not alone. Our usual approach is to just talk louder, to try harder to get our message through. This is almost always the wrong approach. Why? Because other people almost never see us the way we see ourselves. Fortunately, these distortions in perception are systematic, understandable, and surmountable. Heidi Grant Halvorson, bestselling author of Nine Things Successful People Do Differently and Focus, now shows you how to communicate effectively-despite these unintentional (yet widespread) distortions of perception. By better understanding how communication and perception really work, you'll learn to send the right signals at the right time, no matter who you're communicating with"--
The fourth Goddess
But I thought you meant... : misunderstandings in human communication
Where there's a will
How to make love to a woman
Written in my own heart's blood
Lies, damned lies and history : a catalogue of historical errors and misunderstandings
Island of flowers
Reading riddles : rhetorics of obscurity from romanticism to Freud
My teacher is a monster! : (no, I am not)
Herra & Rouva Smith
The totally terrifying three
Miscommunications in the ELFA and MICASE corpora
Ranma 1/2. 8 / [English adaptation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida]
Mr Peek and the misunderstanding at the zoo
Monty Python : life of Brian
What Alice forgot
Chemical misconceptions : - prevention, diagnosis and cure. Vol. 1, Theoretical background
Twelfth night
Beat the reaper : a novel
The queen of vengeance
Jeeves and the wedding bells :  a homage to P. G. Wodehouse
God's message to the world : you've got me all wrong
Human conflict : disagreement, misunderstanding, and problematic talk
Miscommunication and its remedy: a corpus-based study of repairs in native/non-native speakers' dyadic conversations
Chemical misconceptions : - prevention, diagnosis and cure. Vol. 2, Classroom resources
Brianin el채m채 : the immaculate edition = Monthy Python's Life of Brian
I need a wee!
Economics in one lesson
How we discommunicate
Talking at cross-purposes : the dynamics of miscommunication
The big bad mole's coming!
Philip Ardagh's book of howlers, blunders and random mistakery
Wrong number
Autism's false prophets : bad science, risky medicine, and the search for a cure
The art of thinking clearly
Design in silence : an exploratory case study of deaf designer in China
The Art of thinking clearly
The entertainer
"Miscommunication" and problematic talk
The phantom racer
Childhood's end
What small rabbit heard
Shopaholic & baby
Sora unchained
A message to your heart
Twelfth night : based on the play by William Shakespeare
Actually, factually / mind-blowing myths, muddles and misconceptions ; illustrated by Paul Moran ; edited by Sally Pilkington
Hand in hand
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Sympathy for the devil
Don't say that, Willy Nilly!
Miss Chicken and the hungry neighbour
This practical and accessible text uses interesting case studies to raise students; awareness of misunderstandings in human communication and provides strategies for avoiding and resolving such misunderstandings. It can be used as a supplement in any course that addresses communication in interpersonal relationships.
