http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7973 metal coatings
metal coatings
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kenttätestausmenetelmät I = Field test methods I.
Adverse reactions to metal debris in metal-on-metal hip resurfacings and total hip arthroplasties : screening, diagnostics and treatment
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2.
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
Zinc handbook : properties, processing, and use in design
Corrugated iron and other ferrous cladding
The art of metal clay : techniques for creating jewelry and decorative objects
First principles modeling of metallic alloys and alloy surfaces
Surface : textures, finishes and materials for stylish interiors
Metal-modified activated charcoals in concentration and separation of arsenic, selenium and chromium species before EDXRF and GFAAS analyses
Metal plating and patination : cultural, technical and historical developments
Metal 2010 : proceedings of the Interim meeting of the ICOM-CC Metal Working Group, October 11-15, 2010, Charleston, South Carolina, USA
Gold & silver : metallic graphics palette no. 3
This book covers a broad range of materials science that has been brought to bear on providing solutions to the challenges of developing self-healing and protective coatings for a range of metals. The book has a strong emphasis on characterisation techniques, particularly new techniques that are beginning to be used in the coatings area. It features many contributions written by experts from various industrial sectors which examine the needs of the sectors and the state of the art. The development of self-healing and protective coatings has been an expanding field in recent years and applies a lot of new knowledge gained from other fields as well as other areas of materials science to the development of coatings. It has borrowed from fields such as the food and pharmaceutical industries who have used, polymer techniques, sol-gel science and colloidosome technology for a range encapsulation techniques. It has also borrowed from fields like hydrogen storage such as from the development of hierarchical and other materials based on organic templating as "nanocontainers" for the delivery of inhibitors. In materials science, recent developments in high throughput and other characterisation techniques, such as those available from synchrotrons, are being increasing used for novel characterisation—one only needs to look at the application of these techniques in self healing polymers to gauge wealth of new information that has been gained from these techniques. This work is largely driven by the need to replace environmental pollutants and hazardous chemicals that represent risk to humans such as chromate inhibitors which are still used in some applications.
Tribology of electrical contacts : deterioration of silver coated copper
Deposition of aluminia coatings by atmospheric plasma spraying : process optimization, coating characterization and mathematical simulation
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 3 = Part 3, Kenttätestausmenetelmät II = Field test methods II
Industrial coating of metal surfaces
Recycling study on metal coated PC/ABS plastic material
PMA design guidelines for metal stampings and fabrications
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
New coating options for protection of circulation coins
Corrosion and conservation of cultural heritage metallic artefacts
Oxygen dissociation and unsaturated hydrocarbon dehydrogenation reactions on copper surfaces
A Study of Mobile Phone Metal Covers
The colouring, bronzing and patination of metals : a manual for fine metalworkers, sculptors and designers : cast bronze, cast brass, copper and copper-plate, gilding metal, sheet yellow brass, silver and silver plate
Synthesis and characterization of nanoperforated metal oxide thin films
Corrosion engineering handbook. Corrosion of linings and coatings : cathodic and inhibitor protection and corrosion monitoring
Application of core level spectroscopy to adsorbates and metal overlayers
Active protective coatings : new-generation coatings for metals
Electrochemical metallizing : principles and practice
Primary and revision hip replacement : a university hospital database and registry study
