http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p798 folk beliefs
folk beliefs
Tattoos and body modifications in antiquity : proceedings of the sessions at the EAA annual meetings in The Hague and Oslo, 2011/11
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
English folk tales
Ifa divination : communication between gods and men in West Africa
"Animism refers to ontologies or worldviews which assign agency and personhood to human and non-human beings alike. Recent years have seen a revival of this concept in anthropology, where it is now discussed as an alternative to modern-Western naturalistic notions of human-environment relations. Based on original fieldwork, this book presents a number of case studies of animism from insular and peninsular Southeast Asia and offers a comprehensive overview of the phenomenon - its diversity and underlying commonalities and its resilience in the face of powerful forces of change. Critically engaging with the current standard notion of animism, based on hunter-gatherer and horticulturalist societies in other regions, it examines the roles of life forces, souls and spirits in local cosmologies and indigenous religion. It proposes an expansion of the concept to societies featuring mixed farming, sacrifice and hierarchy and explores the question of how non-human agents are created through acts of attention and communication, touching upon the relationship between animist ontologies, world religion, and the state"--
Ethnological notes about the Yenisey-Ostyak (in the Turukhansk region)
Chinese peasant cults : being a study of Chinese paper gods
The history and structure of Korean shamanism
The round house
The book of vodou : charms and rituals to empower your life
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
Shugendō : essays on the structure of Japanese folk religion
Tracing the bear myth in Northeast Asia
The Frank C. Brown collection of North Carolina folklore : the folklore of North Carolina collected by Dr. Frank C. Brown during the years 1912 to 1943 in collaboration with the North Carolina Folklore Society
Encyclopedia of Norse and Germanic folklore, mythology, and magic
The falling sky : words of a Yanomami shaman
African religions : a symposium
Encyclopedia of Jewish folklore and traditions
Do the gods know what you did today? : full access strategic agents and god concepts in Chinese popular religion
Faeries : doorways to the enchanted realm
The North Alaskan Eskimo : a study in ecology and society
Monster anthropology in Australasia and beyond
Witchcraft and magic in Europe. Ancient Greece and Rome
A Parody of the Church Service in Seventeenth-Century Finland. Reconstructing Popular Religion on the Basis of Court Records
“For a witch cannot cross such a threshold!” : building concealment traditions in Finland c. 1200–1950
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Dictionary of faiths and folklore : beliefs, superstitions and popular customs
The Yukaghir and the Yukaghirized Tungus
The religion of ancient Scandinavia
Scandinavian folk-lore : illustrations of the traditional beliefs of the northern peoples
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
Myths to live by
The notions of model, discourse, and semantic center as tools for the (re)construction of Old Norse religion
The magical year : seasonal celebrations to honour nature's ever-turning wheel
Folk-rituals of eastern India
Japanese religion : a survey
Folk religion and folk belief in Central-Eastern Europe
The oldest source of Finnish mythology : Birchpark letter no. 292
The phantom limb phenomen : a medical, folkloric and historical study : texts and translations of 10th to 20th century accounts of the miraculous restoration of lost body parts
The folk-element in Hindu culture : a contribution to socio-religious studies in Hindu folk-institutions
The vanir : an obituary
The power of death : different views in different contexts
The Frank C. Brown collection of North Carolina folklore. Vol. 7, Popular beliefs and superstitions from North Carolina : 4874-8569
The crystal city
Representing beasts in early medieval England and Scandinavia
Communal Christianity : the life and loss of a peasant vision in early modern Germany
Inua : spirit world of the Bering Sea Eskimo
The good people : new fairylore essays
Occult science in India and among the ancients : with an account of their mystic initiations and the history of spiritism
Folk spirituality and liberation in Southern Africa
Pueblo animals and myths
The silver bough
The Edinburgh companion to Scottish traditional literatures
Researches into Chinese superstitions. 1. part, Superstitious practices : profusely illustrated vol. 4
The Frank C. Brown collection of North Carolina folklore. Vol. 6, Popular beliefs and superstitions from North Carolina : 1-4873
Encyclopedia of signs, omens, and superstitions
Researches into Chinese superstitions. 1. part, Superstitious practices : profusely illustrated vol. 1
The folklore of the Scottish Highlands
Sorcerers and their social context in 19th-20th century rural Finland
The encyclopedia of witchcraft & magic
Mobility, markets, and indigenous socialities : contemporary migration in the Peruvian Andes
Peasant religion in post-emancipation Russia : Voronezh province, 1880-1917
Kuningamäng ['King Game'] : an echo of a prehistoric ritual of power in Estonia
Memorates and the study of folk beliefs
Violence and piety in Spanish folklore
Mind, body and wealth : a study of belief and practice in an Indian village
Popular religious movements and heterodox sects in Chinese history
Burmese supernaturalism : a study in the explanation and reduction of suffering
The spectrum of tribal religion in Bihar : a study of continuity & change among the Oraon of Chotanagpur
The mythology of the Ifugaos
Korean popular beliefs
Ancestor worship in contemporary Japan
Spider divination in the Cameroons
The illustrated Egyptian book of the dead
Himalayan tribal tales : oral tradition and culture in the Apatani Valley
Questioning misfortune : the pragmatics of uncertainty in eastern Uganda
The stones are hatching
Voices of the magi : enchanted journeys in southeast Brazil
Prayer has spoiled everything : possession, power, and identity in an Islamic town of Niger
The mythology of all races : in thirteen volumes. Volume 8, Chinese / by John C. Ferguson ; Japanese / by Masaharu Anesaki
Flowers and flower lore. Vol. 2
A religious study of The Mount Haguro Sect of Shugendō : an example of Japanese mountain religion
Christianity and the wilderness: syncretisms in Orthodox Karelian magic as culture-specific strategies
Traditional folk belief today : conference dedicated to the 90th anniversary of Oskar Loorits
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
The goddess and the moon man : The sacred art of the tiwi aborigines
The popular religion and folk-lore of northern India. Vol. 1-2
Vampires : encounters with the dead
Shamanism, history, and the state
The Celtic seasonal wheel is based on eight festivals - Winter Solstice, Imbolc, Spring Equinox, Beltane, Summer Solstice, Lughnasadh, Autumn Equinox and Samhain. Together, these lead us through the cycle of the year, aligning our awareness with the seasonal pattern of the earth beneath our feet. In this book on the solstices, equinoxes and other festivals within the sacred cycle, Danu Forest reveals the secrets of each festival in turn and skilfully revives ancient traditions, encouraging us to reconnect with nature, and ourselves, with a host of practical ideas and rituals. Decorate your home with beautiful seasonal crafts and altars to manifest sacred space. Make gifts to give to friends, cast spells for creativity, fertility and blessing, and use the abundance of nature in recipes that can be enjoyed as part of your seasonal celebrations or for self-healing and empowerment. Meditate on the changing heavens throughout the year with Celtic star lore. Deepen your experience of the turning seasons, from the rest and renewal of winter through the revels of spring and summer to the soul or spirit nights of autumn with magical guided visualizations. This cycle of conscious celebration helps us, year on year, to align with nature's rhythms with greater wonder and insight. Based on sound extensive research, as well as many years of practical experience through both personal practice and teaching, the book will act as a guide for weaving a new, more soulful way of living into readers' everyday existence.
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Author's travel accounts in India.
"Váisi," the sacred wild : transformation and dreaming in the Saami cultural context
Mazu temples and modern Taiwanese : Fujianese society
The masks of God. 4, Creative mythology
Flowers and flower lore. [Vol. 1]
The land of the green man : a journey through the supernatural landscapes of the British Isles
Minjian xinyang yu Zhongguo wenhua guoji yantaohui lunwenji = Proceedings of International Conference on popular beliefs and Chinese culture. 1.
Finding folk religion : an archaeology of 'strange' behaviour
Religion, rituals and festivals
The pre-literate stage of religious tradition
The supernatural revamped : from timeworn legends to twenty-first-century chic
Between paganism and Christianity in the North
Food for the dead : on the trail of New England's vampires ; with a new preface by the author
The werewolf in lore and legend
Why a network for retrospective methods?
A dictionary of superstitions
The Celtic book of living and dying : the illustrated guide to Celtic wisdom
Magical beliefs and superstitions
Sacred spaces and powerful places in Tibetan culture : a collection of essays
The dreams of the three trees = San ke shu de yuanwang
Chinese gods : an introduction to Chinese folk religion
The Danish ghost horse
Witchcraft, magic and culture, 1736-1951
Reinventing Chinese tradition : the cultural politics of late socialism
Chinese gods
Encyclopedia of Korean folklore and traditional culture. vol. 2, Encyclopedia of Korean folk beliefs
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
The modern-day druidess
Ancient tales & folklore of China
Ancestor worship and Korean society
Bulgarian folklore : folk beliefs, customs, folksongs, personal names
Dragons : a natural history
Our kind of people : identity, community and religion on Chestnut Ridge
Sin and filth in medieval culture : the devil in the latrine
Korean shamanistic rituals
Guardians of Tamilnadu : folk deities, folk religion, Hindu themes
Popular religion in Russia : 'double belief' and the making of an academic myth
The ancient gods : the history and diffusion of religion in the ancient Near East and the eastern Mediterranean
Miraculous response : doing popular religion in contemporary China
Animism in Southeast Asia
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
The cattle of the forest and the harvest of water: the cosmology of Finnish magic
Celtic Christianity and nature : early Irish and Hebridean traditions
Darb al-Nabī Hārūn : the veneration of the prophet Hārūn in the Petra region : tradition and change 1812-2003
Conceiving spirits : birth rituals and contested identities among Laujé of Indonesia
An analysis of Malay magic
Þjálfi journey : an example of how to incorporate younger sources in the comparative study of indigenous religions of Northern Europe
Plants of life, plants of death
The genre of trolls : the case of a Finnish-Swedish folk belief tradition
New glimpses at Finnish indigenous religion and folk beliefs
Holy foolishness in Russia : new perspectives
Folkloristic material and pre-Christian Scandinavian religion
The imperial metaphor : popular religion in China
The "long road" of the shamans
Beyond the Bible : cosmogonies in Slavonic tradition
Christian Folk Religion : symposium Tartu, October 1-4, 1997 : [abstracts] : organized by Department of Estonian and Comparative Folklore, University of Tartu, in partnership with International Society of Ethnology and Folklore (SIEF)
The new Golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work by Sir Jamrs George Frazer
The shaman : voyages of the soul : trancem ecstasy and healing from Siberia to the Amazon
Above the forest : a study of Andamanese ethnoanemology, cosmology, and the power of ritual
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk festivals
Religion in the Himalayas
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
Tales of old Hawai'i. Vol.1
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Cas gan Gythraul : demonology, witchcraft and popular magic in eighteenth-century Wales
Tree of life dance : cultural universals in motion
A disciplinary history of Latvian mythology
Minjian xinjang yu Zhongguo wenhua guoji yantaohua lunwenji = Proceedings of International Conference on popular beliefs and Chinese culture. 2.
The world of myth
Okinawan religion : belief, ritual and social structure
How to catch fairies
Light-mother and Earth-mother
Sacred beat : from the heart of the drum circle
The nordic dead-child tradition : Nordic dead-child beings : a study in comparative religion
Witchcraft continued : popular magic in modern Europe
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Folkways : reclaiming the magic and wisdom
King Arthur and the myth of history
The charmer's body and behaviour as a window onto early modern selfhood
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
Yōkai attack! : The Japanese monster survival guide
Nordic folk legends, folk traditions and grave mounds : the value of folkloristics for the study of Old Nordic religions
Popular religion in China : the imperial metaphor
Materialy Meždunarodnogo interdisciplinarnogo naučno-praktičeskogo kongressa "Sakral'noe glazami "profanov" i "posvâŝennyh", Moskva, 21-30 iûnâ 2004 g. = Proceedings of the International interdisciplinary scientific and practical congress "Sacral through the eyes of the "lay" and the "initiated", Moscow, June 21-30, 2004
Welsh folklore and folk-custom
The folklore of Devon
The people of the Great Bear
The works of the people of old = Na hana a ka po'e kahiko
Guernsey folk lore : a collection of popular superstitions, legendary tales, peculiar customs, proverbs, weather sayings, etc. of the people of that island
Muslim Turkistan : Kazak religion and collective memory
Sorcerer's apprentice
Santería : African magic in Latin America
