http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7985 auditing (evaluation)
auditing (evaluation)
Abstract: Proposal for Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 compliant control service.
Public sector accounting. Vol. 2, Accounting and reporting
Principles of auditing : an introduction to international standards on auditing
Maintenance management - its auditing and benchmarking : in search of maintenance management excellence
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : yleiset periaatteet = Guidelines for environmental auditing : general principles
Abstract: Internal environmental audits in offshore fabrication yard's environmental management system.
This step-by-step guide provides encouragement, support and direction for librarians who may be new to research and evaluation, or lacking in confidence or expertise. With a focus on practice based research, evaluation, and small projects it guides the reader through the research process from starting to think about the research question, through to the completion of the research and dissemination of the results. It is designed to encourage quality research from library professionals and encourage them to add to the evidence base in this sector. The book is structured into three parts: getting started; doing the research; and the impact of your research. Written by experts in the field, this timely edited collection considers methods and approaches that are suitable in a health library context, making it a useful tool for health library professionals and students alike.
Quality audits for ISO 9001:2000 : making compliance value-added
Information technology auditing and assurance
CISA review manual 2011 : certified information systems auditor / [julkaisija] ISACA
Productisation : Case Kasve Ltd.
The ASQ auditing handbook : principles, implementation, and use
Effects of material weakness on stock exchange market : the inpack of Sarbanes Oxley Act in companies' share price
Abstract.
Design of a post-completion auditing system for organizational learning
Government and nongovernmental human service organizations are under increasing pressure to demonstrate that their programs work. As stakeholders demand more accountability, human service organizations are increasingly utilizing performance accountability and performance measurement as a way of demonstrating the efficiency, quality, and effectiveness of their programs. Measuring the Performance of Human Service Programs, Second Edition examines the reasons why performance measurement has become the major method of performance accountability today. In this second edition of their classic work, Martin & Kettner explain in detail how to develop and utilize output, quality, and outcome performance measures in human service programs. Special attention is given to the four types of outcome performance measures: numeric counts, standardized measures, level of functioning (LOF) scales and client satisfaction.
Enhancing quality : audits in Finnish higher education institutions 2005-2012
The audit expectation gap in Finland in an international perspective
Audit in small local government units : the case of Estonia
Philosophy and principles of auditing : an introduction
Information technology audits : 2008
The feed analysis laboratory : establishment and quality control : setting up a feed analysis laboratory, and implementing a quality assurance system compliant with with ISO/IEC 17025:2005
Johtamisjärjestelmän auditointiohjeet : standardi = Guidelines for auditing management systems
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Managing the internal audit : a practical handbook
A theoretical examination of the role of auditing and the relevance of audit reports
Artificial neural networks for analytical review in auditing
Audit of the University of Graz 2013
Manual of environmental analysis
CIMA practice & revision kit. Stage 4/Paper 16, Management accounting control systems
Environmental management for business
An audit of inland capture fishery statistics : Africa
International professional practices framework (IPPF)
Auditing : an integrated approach
Assessments in social work with adults
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Successful internal auditing to ISO 9000.
Audit manual for the quality systems of higher education institutions 2011-2017
The impact of ERP system on the audit process
Guidelines for auditing management systems (ISO 19011:2011)
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : auditointimenetelmät : ympäristöjärjestelmien auditointi = Guidelines for environmental auditing : audit procedures : auditing of environmental management systems
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : ympäristöauditoijille asetettavat pätevyysvaatimukset = Guidelines for environmental auditing : qualification criteria for environmental auditors
Executive summary (s. 7-13).
Theoretical and practical problems related to the audit, control and supervision system of local governments : (based on the case of the Estonia)
Promoting cleaner and safer industrial production in Central and Eastern Europe
Principles of auditing
Auditing & assurance services
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Development of auditing service : Plantool Oy
Social media audits : how to quickly measure your firm's impact
Quality audit in the European higher education area : a comparison of approaches
Audit in small local government units : the case of estonia
The objective of this research was to complete an auditing research on employee satisfaction of the Sisäpiha intranet as a channel of internal communication among the personnel of the Ministry of Education. The results of this research were to provide background information for intranet reform at the Ministry of Education that will take place in 2008. The goal of this reform is to make Sisäpiha intranet more user-friendly. Research on the entire internal communication situation of the Ministry of Education was conducted by Viestintä Oy Intercom in 2003. Satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha was one part of this research. The results of previous research on it were compared with the results of this research in order to see how the overall level of satisfaction regarding the intranet has evolved. The research problem was threefold, and consisted of the following questions: 1. How satisfied are employees with Sisäpiha as a channel of internal communication? 2. How could Sisäpiha be improved in order to serve its users better? 3. How has satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha changed since earlier research was carried out?    Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in the empirical part of this research. An electronic questionnaire was created, which contained both closed and open questions. The entire personnel of the Ministry of Education, 365 persons in February 2007, performed the research group. A total of 95 people answered the questionnaire, yielding a response rate of 26%. The answers to the closed questions were analyzed statistically and the answers to the open questions were analyzed by using the content analysis method.     According to the results Sisäpiha was widely used among personnel and it was considered as an important channel of internal communication. It was ranked as the fourth most important internal communication channel and the most important written internal communication channel. The respondents considered Sisäpiha primarily to be a tool and a means of information storage. However, 70% of the respondents thought that Sisäpiha could also be utilized for internal discussion. The downsides of the current Sisäpiha were its somewhat illogical information architecture and long link paths, which made information retrieval more difficult. Furthermore, the search engine did not provide accurate enough results and the pages often contained information that was out of date. When compared to the results of earlier research the usage of and satisfaction with Sisäpiha have both increased. However, the same shortcomings that emerged from previous research were still shown to exist to some degree in this research. These shortcomings still need to be overcome in order to make Sisäpiha more efficient.
Environmental baseline audit : case: Conference Hotel Vuoranta
Brink's modern internal auditing
Analysis on FINHEEC audit outcomes 2005-2008
Audit of the University of Helsinki 2015
Auditing : concepts for a changing environment
Early Childhood Environment Rating Scale
Perspectives on the quality of social responsibility monitoring schemes
Clinical effectiveness in practice
Research, evaluation and audit : key steps in demonstrating your value
The quality audit handbook : principles, implementation and use
Internal quality systems auditing
Sustainable development in higher education and its verification by using the AISHE auditing tool : a case study at TAMK
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The effect of limiting statutory auditors' civil liability on financial reporting quality : empirical evidence on liability caps and earnings management in Europe
Developing and using a GMP audit preparation tool in pharmaceutical contract manufacturer audits
Sawyer's internal auditing : the practice of modern internal auditing
Proposal for Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 compliant control service
Social and environmental accounting
Environmental auditing for the non-specialist
Trustworthy repositories audit & certification (TRAC) : criteria and checklist
The Routledge companion to auditing
Auditing : a risk analysis approach
Public sector auditing : is it value for money?
Internal environmental audits in offshore fabrication yard's environmental management system
Auditor's guide to information systems auditing
Information technology control and audit
Development and effect analysis of the Asteri consultative auditing process : safety and security management in educational institutions
Handbook of energy audits
Manual for municipal environmental auditing in the Baltic cities
The Optimization of GMP/GLP Laboratories:  : The laboratory utilization and work safety improvement project
The program evaluation standards : a guide for evaluators and evaluation users
Financial statement analysis : a valuation approach
Ympäristöauditointiohjeet : yleiset periaatteet : standardi = Guidelines for environmental auditing : general principles
Trends in Finnish internal auditing : Finnish Internal Audit Benchmarking Survey II
Auditing web applications according to OWASP guidelines
A democratic audit of the European Union
Measuring the performance of human service programs
Becoming ISO 9001:2008 certified
IT auditing : using controls to protect information assets
Public sector accounting. Vol. 3, Auditing
Environmental management systems : requirements with guidance for use
Auditing the risk management process
The economics and politics of accounting : international perspectives on research, trends, policy, and practice
Auditing and assurance services
Audit in the public sector
IMPROVING THE CURRENT STANDARD AUDITING PROCEDURE OF BAKER TILLY A&C AUDITING AND CONSULTING CO., LTD : CASE – ZIM INTEGRATED SHIPPING COMPANY
Factors influencing auditors' self-perceived ability to assess fraud risk
Current issues in auditing
Communication plan for Oy Filmkompaniet Alpha Ab
Cross-border tertiary education : a way towards capacity development
Principles of external auditing
Sustainability and internal auditing
The application of the SMETA audit protocol on the management of the CSR of Peruvian companies : a case study of standardization via SMETA in manufacturing companies
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Implementing an environmental audit : how to gain a competitive advantage using quality and environmental responsibility
Corporate audit theory
Social audit toolkit
Audit quality : the effect of prior experience
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
Satisfaction regarding the intranet as a channel of internal communication at the ministry of education
Studyguide for Coso enterprise risk management : understanding the new integrated ERM framework
Reforming schooling - what have we learnt?
Safety management systems : audit tools and reliability of auditing
Re-audit of the quality assurance system of the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
Factory audit in the chinese textile and apparel industry
Audit of the quality assurance system of Seinäjoki Polytechnic
Environmental auditing : report of a United Nations Environment Programme/Industry and Environment (UNEP/IEO) workshop : Paris, 10-11 January 1989.
Auditing markets, products, and marketing plans : ama marketing toolbox
