http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7982 keyboard instruments
keyboard instruments
How to write songs on keyboards
Creative Keyboard's anyone can play piano video : beginning piano instruction video
Jazz improvisation for keyboard players. Volume one, Basic concepts
Pop hits : for all keyboards. 7.
Electronic keyboard cocktails : sing-a-long
Kids can play keyboard : easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions for children aged 8 up
Instant keyboard : quick & easy instruction for the impatient student
Dynamic rock keyboards : riffs, licks & tricks you can learn today!
New conception of jazz
Complete rock & pop keyboard player. Book 1
Teach yourself keyboard
Seventeenth-century British keyboard sources
Organ and harpsichord music by women composers : an annotated catalog
The complete keyboard player. First keyboard fun book : fun songs & lessons for young children to play with parents or teachers
Interpreting Bach at the keyboard
Anthology of early keyboard methods
Keyboard workshop
Easiest keyboard collection. Swing
The complete keyboard player chord book
THE COMPLETE ROCK & POP KEYBOARD PLAYER : BOOK 3.
A history of keyboard literature : music for the piano and its forerunners
Alfred Brendel on music : collected essays
Hands on keyboard!
Easiest keyboard collection. Film themes
Space is the place
Complete organ player [The complete organ player]. 1
Keyboard voicings : the complete guide
Rudiments of music : a new approach with application to the keyboard
Techniques & Theory for Pop Keyboard
Molecular heinosity
Benjamin Carr's Federal overture (1794)
Steps : keyboard chord songbook
Basic keyboard workout
The keyboards : the easy way to learn : Jools Holland introduces
Ethnicity
TUNE AND REPAIR YOUR OWN PIANO
Keyfax 4 : synthesisers, samplers & controllers : a guide to every major professional keyboard
A modern method for keyboardstudy : Volume one
The Complete keyboard player. Book 2 : for all portable keyboards
Keyboard musical instruments in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Soft rock collection for keyboard
Live around the world : Where we come from tour 1998-1999
The Complete keyboard player. Book 1 : for all portable keyboards
Your first keyboard method : Books 1 & 2 together
Creative techniques for keyboards : building grooves & layering sounds
Early keyboard instruments in European museums
Creative keyboard : for all keyboards. Songbook 1
Learn to play keyboards : [a beginners guide to playing all electronic keyboard instruments]
Descending moonshine dervishes ; Songs for the ten voices of the two prophets
Metric modulations : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 2
Duke elegant : performing the music of Duke Ellington
How to play organ today
Playing the piano and keyboards
Teach yourself keyboard. Step one
Collected articles and reviews. Vol. 3, Early European keyboard music
Christopher Norton's essential guide to jazz styles for keyboard
Keyboard for dummies
The keyboard music of C. P. E. Bach : considered in relation to his musical aesthetic and the rise of the sonata principle
Catalogue analytique de l'oeuvre pour clavier de Domenico Scarlatti = Analytical catalogue of Domenico Scarlatti's keyboard works
Best songs from the shows
The six wives of Henry VIII
Funk of ages
Instant scale and chord guide for keyboards
The keyboard music of J.S. Bach
Mel Bay's Deluxe Encyclopedie of Organ Chords
Fifty years of hits : A "musicians" fakebook
Total keyboard tutor : the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing with all keyboards
Strange celestial road
People and piano : a pictorial history of Steinway & Sons
Cordofones de tecla portugueses do século XVIII : clavicórdios, cravos, pianofortes e espinetas = Portuguese string keyboard instruments of the 18th century : clavichords, harpsichords, fortepianos and spinets
The Complete keyboard player : chord book
Blues keyboard basics : steps one & two combined
Whether you're a student of music or a music lover, Music Theory For Dummies presents you with essential information on how to read, write, and understand music, as well as helpful hints on composing, arranging, and creating original melodies, harmonies, and chords. Music Theory For Dummies gives you a friendly, unintimidating overview of the material covered in a typical college-level course and makes music theory easy to understand. It includes updated information on current teaching techniques; the newest music examples and genres; information on mastering major and minor scales, using intervals, and recognizing pitches and clefs; the lowdown on rhythms, tempo, dynamics, and navigation; how to transcribe the music you hear and transposing it to other keys; harmonizing and accompanying melodies; composing and arranging for voices and instruments; performing your own music; and much more.
Understanding music theory  : ... for keyboard players and all musicians!
Music theory for dummies
Mehliana : taming the dragon
Essay on the true art of playing keyboard instruments
Men, women and pianos : a social history
Easiest keyboard collection. Christmas hits
The Short-tempered clavier and other dysfunctional works for keyboard
Wedding Music
Motown classics : 23 classic songs for keyboard
Have you always wanted to play piano? This revised edition of the popular Piano for Dummies makes it easier and more fun than ever. If you don't know how to read music, this book explains in friendly, uncomplicated language all the basics of music theory and applies it to playing the piano. And if you've been playing piano for a while – or took piano lessons when you were a child but haven't played since – you can pick up some valuable tips to improve your playing or use the book as a refresher course. This new edition features fresh and updated practice lessons, teaching techniques, and musical examples, as well as a new audio CD with examples for all pieces presented in the book. You get expert information on left- and right-hand piano techniques; playing scales, melodies, harmonies, and chords; and practicing to improve your technique.
Chromatische Fantasie und Fuge d-Moll = Chromatic fantasy and fugue in D minor BWV 903 : Urtext der neuen Bach Ausgabe
The rhythms of keyboard jazz : Intermediate level
Start playing keyboard. Books 1 & 2 : Omnibus edition
Rock Piano : professional know-how of contemporary keyboard-playing = Grundlagen des professionellen Keyboard-Spieles in Pop und Rock. 2 : Basic rock styles, solo lines, creative playing
CREATIVE KEYBOARD : SONGBOOK 2.
Keyfax omnibus edition
The complete keyboard player. Multi-tracking 2
Blacktronic science
Head hunters
Chord substitution magic : for the advanced organist
A short history of keyboard music
Blood of the snake
Early keyboard instruments : from their beginnings to the year 1820
Rural renewal
Instant keyboard : Starter pack
Duke elegant : Dr. John performing the music of Duke Ellington
Beginning blues keyboard : The complete blues keyboard method : beginning, intermediate, mastering
THE KEYBOARDIST'S PICTURE CHORD ENCYCLOPEDIA
Early Keyboard Instruments
Proceedings of the International Clavichord Symposium = Atti del Congresso Internazionale sul Clavicordo : Magnano, 21-23 September 1995
The fabulous Baker boys : original motion picture soundtrack
Klavyrinė XVII amžiaus Lietuvos muzika = Lithuanian keyboard music of the seventeenth century
Four hundred years of European keyboard music
Keyboard guide : chords, scales & modes in all keys
My soul : the complete MPS fusion recordings
Creative keyboard : Gershwin. Gershwin
Rock Power Keyboard : Play Rock Keyboards without reading music
Mel Bay's deluxe encyclopedia of piano chords
The complete book of chords : jazz piano
My Spanish heart
SHORT (A ) HISTORY OF KEYBOARD MUSIC
Keyboard instruments in eighteenth-century Vienna
Instrumental classics for keyboard
250 all-time hits. Book 2.
Start playing easiest keyboard
The complete keyboard player. Frank Sinatra
Easiest keyboard collection. 60s hits
Unchain your mind
In touch
The piano
Keyboard instruments : The Instruments, The Music & The Musicians
Edge of the world
1000 Keyboard tips
Black water
Famous intros for all keyboards [Moniviestin] : fifty distinctive intros from classic pop songs
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 1
Play piano : [The simple and direct way to learn to play]
Changing keys : keyboard instruments for America 1700-1830
Robbie Williams : easy keyboard
Billy Joel Hits
I can play that! : love songs
Keyboard instruments
Backstage passes & backstabbing bastards : memoirs of a rock 'n' roll survivor
Show tunes : 100 hits for all keyboards
The complete idiot's guide to playing piano
The Gil Evans Orchestra plays the music of Jimi Hendrix
Manhattan Research Inc
Easiest keyboard collection. Jazz classics
Keyboard basics
Piano for dummies
The complete keyboard player : 90's hits
The Doors for all keyboards
Yesterday universe : Prepare for a new yesterday (volume one)
50 famous classical themes
Keyboard collection
The keyboard chord & scale manual
Jazz improvisation for keyboard players. Volume 2, Intermediate concepts
Traditional technology. Musical instruments
Music reading for keyboard : the complete method
Rhythm of time
Keyboard musicianship
The complete keyboard player. Show tunes
Piano interpretation of the seventeenth, eighteenth and nineteenth centuries : a study of theory and practice using original documents
Giraffes, black dragons, and other pianos : a technological history from Cristofori to modern concert grand
Total piano tutor : the ultimate guide to learning and mastering the piano
The Chick Corea Elektric Band
Easiest keyboard collection. Classic blues
Amazing phrasing keyboard : 50 ways to improve your improvisational skills
Educational series : [vol. 1 & 2]
Street dreams
How to wreck a nice beach : the vocoder from world war II to hip-hop : the machine speaks
