http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7989 cyberspace
cyberspace
"Digital technologies have prompted the emergence of new modes of regulation and governance, since they allow for more decentralized processes of elaboration and implementation of norms. Moreover, the Internet has been raising a wide set of governance issues since it affects many domains, such as individual rights, public liberties, property rights, economic competition, market regulation, conflict management, security and the sovereignty of states. There is therefore a need to understand how technical, political, economic and social norms are articulated, as well as to understand who the main actors of this process of transformation are, how they interact and how these changes may influence international rulings. This book brings together an international team of scholars to explain and analyse how collective regulations evolve in the broader context of the development of post-modern societies, globalization, the reshaping of international relations and the profound transformations of nation-states"--
Hello avatar : rise of the networked generation
Communities in cyberspace
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Cyber security
Cyberpath to development in Asia : issues and challenges
Norwegian cyber security : how to build a resilient cyber society in a small nation
Fighting terror in cyberspace
Blackhat
Between monsters, goddesses and cyborgs : feminist confrontations with science, medicine and cyberspace
Over the last few decades information and communication technology has come to play an increasingly prominent role in our dealings with other people. Computers, in particular, have made available a host of new ways of interacting, which we have increasingly made use of. In the wake of this development a number of ethical questions have been raised and debated. Ethics in Cyberspace focuses on the consequences for ethical agency of mediating interaction by means of computers, seeking to clarify how the conditions of certain kinds of interaction in cyberspace (for example, in chat-rooms and virtual worlds) differ from the conditions of interaction face-to-face and how these differences may come to affect the behaviour of interacting agents in terms of ethics.
Cybercrime : vandalizing the information society
Cowboy bebop. Vol. 1
The rule of thoughts
"Security is an inherently temporal proposition. In the modern political philosophical tradition, security is an essential bulwark against the exigencies of an unknowable future. For Thomas Hobbes, whose Leviathan (1651) is a foundation of Western political theory, security is the antidote to a situation in which man, 'in the care of future time, hath his heart all day long, gnawed on by feare of death, poverty, or other calamity; and has no repose, nor pause of his anxiety, but in sleep' (Hobbes 1996: 76). Security arises as a central feature of the social contract between people and the state, in which the pursuit and practices of security are invoked to calm the jittery present by the imposition of order on times yet to come"--
Cyber reader : critical writings for the digital era
Cyberstorm
Fabric. ch
The pearly gates of cyberspace : a history of space from Dante to the Internet
Cyberspace romance : the psychology of online relationships
Cyber_reader : critical writings for the digital era / edited by Neil Spiller
Psychological aspects of cyberspace : theory, research, applications
Social order in cyberspace
Jurisdiction
Mapping cyberspace
Cyberspace/cyberbodies/cyberpunk : cultures of technological embodiment
Connected minds, emerging cultures : cybercultures in online learning
The Peripheral
Computers and the law : an introduction to basic legal principles and their application in cyberspace
The Internet in China : cyberspace and civil society
Me++ : the cyborg self and the networked city
Love and sexuality on the internet
Hate crimes in cyberspace
Against the machine : being human in the age of the electronic mob
What cyberspace? : traveling concepts in Internet research
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Information, place, and cyberspace : issues in accessibility
Cowboy Bebop. Vol. 3
This book, written by Antonio Spadaro, S.J., the Editor of La Civilta Cattolica, has been translated by Maria Way, who specializes in topics relating to media and religion. The author suggests that since the Internet has changed, and is changing, the ways in which we think and act, it must also be changing the ways in which we think Christianity and its theology. To develop this theme, he uses the term 'Cybertheology'. Through the theoretical works of a variety of authors, e.g., Marshall McLuhan, Peter Levy and Teilhard de Chardin, he associates the concepts of theology with theories that have been expounded on the internet. His sources come from media studies and anthropology, as well as theology. Spadaro also considers the hacker ethic in relation to Cybertheology. How has the internet changed our notion of theology? Has the internet had similar effects on the thinking of Christianity that were experienced after the development of other media technologies? The book aims to clarify just how thinking has changed or remained the same in an era which is often seen as one in which the media's changes have speeded up. It considers both the positives and negatives that may be associated with the internet in relation to Christianity and its theology.
Making laws for cyberspace
Asian America.Net : ethnicity, nationalism, and cyberspace
Cybercultures : mediations of community, culture, politics
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Cybersounds : essays on virtual music culture
The digital sublime : myth, power, and cyberspace
An introduction to cybercultures
Four new messages
" Some time around the year 2020, in a trailer park in the Deep South, a young woman witnesses a murder. She is in a video game, and watches with horror as a drone strike kills a child. At precisely the same moment, one hundred years in the future, a boy is remotely killed on the streets of London's great skyscrapers. The perpetrator remains anonymous.Interweaving two strange futures, from a ramshackle community of US army veterans, to the teeming masses of a mega city, The Peripheral tells the story of a brave new world of drones, outsourcing and kleptocracy, and of a crime that can only be solved across time. " -- (Penguin)
Snow crash
21st century Chinese cyberwarfare : an examination of the Chinese cyberthreat from fundamentals of Communist policy regarding information warfare through the broad range of military, civilian and commercially supported cyberattack threat vectors
Figures of fantasy : women, cyberdiscourse and the popular Internet
Cyberculture and new media
Internet governance : infrastructure and institutions
Beyond boundaries : cyberspace in Africa
Interface fantasy  : a lacanian cyborg ontology
The Internet as second action space
"One of the most significant and important advancements in information and communication technology over the past twenty years is the introduction and expansion of the internet. Now almost universally available the internet brings us email, global voice and video communications, research repositories, reference libraries, and almost unlimited opportunities for daily activities. Bridging geographical distances in unprecedented ways, the internet has impacted all aspects of our daily lives -from facilitating the running of businesses, the attainment of services and keeping in touch with friends and family. Accessible at any time and for many of us from our mobile phones, the internet has opened up a world of knowledge and communication platforms that we cannot now imagine living without. This book explores the concept that the internet has become a second action space for individuals. Coexisting with traditional and 'obvious' real space, the internet serves as a novel spatial platform and action space to its subscribers all over the world. Kellerman expertly discusses this notion and examines the practical integration of cyberspace with real space. Part I looks at the Internet as a platform for action and presents its relations with physical space concerning a range of uses and applications which were traditionally performed in physical space only. It discusses the idea that the Internet has become a second space and explores theoretical perspectives surrounding this notion. The internet has undeniably made humankind more efficient and connected. Part II explores the internet as an action space for human life, considering basic human needs, curiosity, identity and social relations"--
The social net : understanding human behavior in cyberspace
Conquest in cyberspace : national security and information warfare
Give me that online religion
How does our increasingly networked world impact on how we experience and inhabit urban space? This book reflects on the nature of the spatial effects of the networked and mediated world; from mobile phones and satnavs to data centres and WiFi nodes and discusses how these change the very nature of urban space.
Access contested : security, identity, and resistance in Asian cyberspace
Figures of fantasy : Internet, women &  cyberdiscourse
Education in cyberspace
Cyber security and the politics of time
Computer network security and cyber ethics
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 1
Cyber security and IT infrastructure protection
Multimedia : a critical introduction
The cybercultures reader / ed. by David Bell and Barbara M. Kennedy
Cybertheology : thinking Christianity in the era of the Internet
Virtual light
The complete D. R. & Quinch
Governance, regulation, and powers on the Internet
Ethics and technology : ethical issues in an age of information and communication technology
Cyber weapon target analysis
Information is essential to all human activity, and information in electronic form both amplifies and augments human information interactions. Surveys some of the different classical meanings of information, focuses on the ways that electronic technologies are affecting how we think about these senses of information, and introduces an emerging sense of information that has implications for how we work, play, and interact with others. The four senses selected for inclusion here are the following: thought and memory, communication process, artifact, and energy. Emphasizes how electronic representations have blurred media boundaries and added computational behaviors that yield new forms of information interaction, which, in turn, are stored, aggregated, and mined to create profiles that represent our cyber identities.
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 2
The peripheral
Interactive realism : the poetics of cyberspace
Godwired : religion, ritual, and virtual reality
Cyberfeminism and artificial life
The common good
Cyberethics : morality and law in cyberspace
The politics of cyberconflict
Cyborgs[at]cyberspace? : an ethnographer looks to the future
The fog of cyber defence
Artificial reality. 2
A momentary lapse of reason : politological overlook of cyberspace
Computer-mediated communication in Australian anthropology and sociology
Emerging practices in cyberculture and social networking
An introduction to new media and cybercultures
Transnational black studies
The Internet on earth : a geography of information
Cowboy Bebop : Shooting star. Volume 2
Digital sensations : space, identity, and embodiment in virtual reality
An introduction to cyberpsychology
The resurgence of the state : trends and processes in cyberspace governance
Youth fantasies : the perverse landscape of the media
Cowboy Bebop. Vol. 1
Cybercrime : criminal threats from cyberspace
Is there a home in cyberspace? : the Internet in migrants' everyday life and the emergence of global communities
The Internet galaxy : reflections on the Internet, business and society
Cyber conflict and global politics
Jupiter war : an owner novel
Black code : inside the battle for cyberspace
Real-time image-based RGB-D camera motion tracking and environment mapping
Cyberwar 2.0 : myths, mysteries and reality
Truth, lies and trust on the Internet
Religion and cyberspace
The international dimensions of cyberspace law
Connected, or, What it means to live in the network society
Cyberfeminism and Artificial Life examines the construction, manipulation and re-definition of life in contemporary technoscientific culture. It takes a critical political view of the concept of life as information, tracing this through the new biology and the discourse of genomics as well as through the changing discipline of artificial life and its manifestation in art, language, literature, commerce and entertainment. From cloning to computer games, and incorporating an analysis of hardware, software and 'wetware', Sarah Kember extends current understanding by demonstrating the ways in which this relatively marginal field connects with, and connects up global networks of information systems. Ultimately, this book aims to re-focus concern on the ethics rather than on the 'nature' of life-as-it-could-be.
The Oxford handbook of virtuality
Heavy gear : into the eye of the storm
A battle in bits and bytes : computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
Critical anthropology now : unexpected contexts, shifting constituencies, changing agendas
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Cyberwar : security, strategy, and conflict in the information age
Inuit in cyberspace : embedding offline, identities online
Acting strategies for the cyber age
Small tech : the culture of digital tools
Frontiers of cyberspace
"Case was the sharpest data thief in the Matrix, until an ex-employer crippled his nervous system. Now a new employer has recruited him for a last-chance run against an unthinkably powerful artificial intelligence. With a mirror-eyed girl street-samurai riding shotgun, he's ready for the silicon-quick, bleakly prophetic adventure that upped the ante on an entire genre of fiction." -- (Back Cover)
The virtual dimension : architecture, representation, and crash culture
Information concepts : from books to cyberspace identities
Non-state actors in cyberspace operations
Netspaces : space and place in a networked world
Multiple Connections in RealXtend Architecture
The impact of the Internet on our moral lives
Ruling the root : Internet governance and the taming of cyberspace
Black code : surveillance, privacy, and the dark side of the Internet
Digital dilemmas : power, resistance, and the internet
Ethics in cyberspace : how cyberspace may influence interpersonal interaction
Cybersecurity in the European Union : resilience and adaptability in governance policy
"'Cyber security' is a recent addition to the global security agenda, concerned with protecting states and citizens from the misuse of computer networks for war, terrorism, economic espionage and criminal gain. Many argue that the ubiquity of computer networks calls for robust and pervasive countermeasures, not least governments concerned at their potential effects on national and economic security. Drawing on critical literature in international relations, security studies, political theory and social theory, this is the first book that describes how these visions of future cyber security are sustained in the communities that articulate them. Specifically, it shows that conceptions of time and temporality are foundational to the politics of cyber security. It explores how cyber security communities understand the past, present and future, thereby shaping cyber security as a political practice. Integrating a wide range of conceptual and empirical resources, this innovative book provides insight for scholars, practitioners and policymakers"--
The cybercultures reader
