http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7997 bipolar disorder
bipolar disorder
Psychology of sadness
Polarity : Volume one
Melancholy and culture : essays on the diseases of the soul in Golden Age Spain
An unquiet mind : a memoir of moods and madness
The effect of seasons and seasonal variation on neuropsychological test performance in patients with bipolar I disorder and their first-gegree relatives
Em and the Big Hoom
Back to normal : why ordinary childhood behavior is mistaken for ADHD, bipolar disorder, and autism spectrum disorder
Isänmaan puolesta. The complete sixth season
Movements of moods : interplay between science, clinical practice and patient in psychiatry
If the post-war period was called the 'Age of Anxiety' and the 1980s and '90s the 'Antidepressant Era', we now live in Bipolar times. Mood-stabilising medication is routinely prescribed to adults and children alike, with child prescriptions this decade increasing by 400% and overall diagnoses by 4000%. What could explain this explosion of bipolarity? Is it a legitimate diagnosis or the result of Big Pharma marketing? Exploring these questions, Darian Leader challenges the rise of 'bipolar' as a catch-all solution to complex problems, and argues that we need to rethink the highs and lows of mania and depression. What, he asks, do these experiences have to do with love, guilt and rage? Why the spending sprees and the intense feeling of connection with the world? Why the confidence, the self-esteem and the sense of a bright future that can so swiftly turn into despair and dejection? Only by looking at these questions in a new way will we be able to understand and help the person caught between feelings that can be so terrifying and so exhilarating, so life-affirming yet also so lethal.
Neuropsychological correlates of adult bipolar disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder : a comparative study
A twin study on genetic and environmental factors in bipolar I disorder
Isänmaan puolesta. The complete fifth season
The bipolar disorder survival guide : what you and your family need to know
Cracked, not broken : surviving and thriving after a suicide attempt
"In an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, Ayelet Waldman undertook a very private experiment, ingesting 10 micrograms of LSD every three days for a month. This is the story--by turns revealing, courageous, fascinating and funny--of her quietly psychedelic spring, her quest to understand one of our most feared drugs, and her search for a really good day"--
Genetic background of biopolar disorder and related cognitive impairments
Prenatal and perinatal risk factors for bipolar disorder
Manic-depressive illness : bipolar disorders and recurrent depression
Loneliness of a thousand years : a hymn to life
Recognition, comorbidity and outcome of bipolar disorders in psychiatric care
Genetics behind mood disorders : candidate gene studies of bipolar and major depressive disorders
Fast girl : a life spent running from madness
Too bright to hear too loud to see
Beating bipolar : a therapist's journey to overcoming one of the world's most challenging mental disorders
The founder of the cult rock band Throwing Muses shares her outrageous tale of growing up much faster than planned, in this intensely personal and moving account of the pivotal year of 1985.
Cognitive functioning in patients with familial bipolar I disorder and their unaffected relatives
Psychological treatment of bipolar disorder
Insomnia and sleep reduction in mood disorders
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for bipolar disorder
Wishful drinking
Living with bipolar : a practical guide for those with the disorder, their family and friends
Marbles : Mania, depression, Michelangelo, + me : A graphic memoir
The many aspects of sleep : the XXII Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 24-26, 2009
The princess diarist
Genetic mapping of the loci for a monogenic and a multifactorial neuropsychiatric disorder: PLO-SL and familial bipolar disorder
The child clinician's handbook
A really good day : how microdosing made a mega difference in my mood, my marriage, and my life
Polarity. Volume one
The mirror world of melody black
Bipolar expeditions : mania and depression in American culture
Family functioning and personality profile in first-episode severe mental disorder
Marbles : Mania, depression, Michelangelo, + me : a graphic memoir
Long-term outcome of DSM-IV major depressive disorder in psychiatric care
Human GNAL, C18orf2, and MPPE1 genes : genomic organization of the human GNAL gene and characterization of two novel genes, C18orf2 and MPPE1, on chromosome 18p11.2, a susceptibility region for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
Seasonal variation in bipolar disorder
Living with someone who's living with bipolar disorder : a practical guide for family, friends, and coworkers
Mania : a short history of bipolar disorder
When we collided
Molecular genetics of bipolar disorder and related traits
Suicidal behaviour in bipolar disorder
Fine mapping and association analysis of candidate genes on 4q32 and 16p12 in Finnish bipolar disorder families
Strictly bipolar
Catch me when I fall
Recognition, comorbidity, and outcome of DSM-IV bipolar I and II disorders in psychiatric care
Depression and personality : conceptual and clinical challenges
Mood in association with dietary nutrient intakes and sleep lenght
The marriage plot
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
"A revealing, courageous, fascinating, and funny account of the author's experiment with microdoses of LSD in an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, of her quest to understand a misunderstood drug, and of her search for a really good day.  When a small vial arrives in her mailbox from "Lewis Carroll," Ayelet Waldman is at a low point. Her mood storms have become intolerably severe; she has tried nearly every medication possible; her husband and children are suffering with her. So she opens the vial, places two drops on her tongue, and joins the ranks of an underground but increasingly vocal group of scientists and civilians successfully using therapeutic microdoses of LSD. As Waldman charts her experience over the course of a month--bursts of productivity, sleepless nights, a newfound sense of equanimity--she also explores the history and mythology of LSD,  the cutting-edge research into the drug, and the byzantine policies that control it. Drawing on her experience as a federal public defender, and as the mother of teenagers, and her research into the therapeutic value of psychedelics, Waldman has produced a book that is eye-opening, often hilarious, and utterly enthralling"--
The manic-depressive interaction in families : a study of fifteen cases of manic-depressive illness
Bipolar kids : helping your child find calm in the mood storm
Treatment, adherence and disability in bipolar disorder
Cognitive functioning and its heritability in bipolar I disorder
Practical management of bipolar disorder
Bipolar disorder : a family-focused treatment approach
When Marya Hornbacher published her first book, Wasted, she did not yet know the reason for her all-but-shattered young life. At age 24, Hornbacher was diagnosed with Type 1 rapid-cycle bipolar, the most severe form of bipolar disease there is. Here, in her trademark wry, self-revealing voice, Hornbacher tells her new story. She takes us inside her own desperate attempts to control violently careening mood swings by self-starvation, substance abuse, numbing sex, and self-mutilation. How Hornbacher fights her way up from a madness that all but destroys her, and what it is like to live in a difficult and sometimes beautiful life and marriage, is at the heart of this brave memoir. Millions of people in America struggle with a variety of disorders that may mask their true diagnosis of bipolar; also, Hornbacher's portrait of her own bipolar as early as age four will change the current debate on whether bipolar exists in children.--From publisher description.
"Bipolar disorder, or manic depression, is characterised by episodes of pathological mood states. The two poles are mania (with a predominant elated or irritable mood) and depression (with feelings of sadness, anxiety, guilt or hopelessness) but mixed states frequently occur. Episodes can last for many months and profoundly affect physical health, relationships and careers. Since diagnosis and management are difficult, this practical guide provides an overview of the disorder and detailed guidelines for treating the illness throughout its stages, from authors internationally renowned for their work in bipolar disorder. Also discussed are disease theories, mechanisms and key clinical trials, as well as chapters devoted to psychosocial treatments, substance misuse and insights from 'lived experience'. In-depth analyses of selected population groups, including youth, the elderly and women, complement guidelines for clinical approaches in managing bipolar disorder. Comprehensive and detailed, this guide will prove invaluable to clinicians, general practitioners, psychiatrists and psychologists"--Provided by publisher.
Treating bipolar disorder : a clinician's guide to interpersonal and social rhythm therapy
" Sleep is an important part of our everyday life, but still its purpose remains a mystery for researchers. While scientific sleep research concentrates on the different neurobiological charasteristics of sleep, dreams and their interpretation have earlier had an important role in decision making, and still many people seek wisdom from their dreams. The brain is not idle during sleep - on the contrary, during some sleep stages, brain activity is at the same level as during waking - we are simply not aware of it. The key questions are " Can we survive without sleep? ", " Can time spent in sleep be shortened so that we can be more efficient? ", " Is sleep important for creativity? ", and " Does sleep loss cause health problems? " These questions, and many others, were addressed by highly qualified scientists and artists in the Gyllenberg symposium " The Many Aspects of Sleep". The symposium united some of the most eminent sleep researchers in the world today in a discussion of the many faces of sleep. Using their own research as a basis, the lecturers introduced the current frontline of sleep research and discussed the future of sleep research. This volume of Acta Gyllenbergiana contains their presentations. " -- (takakansi)
Anatomy of an epidemic : magic bullets, psychiatric drugs, and the astonishing rise of mental illness in America
