http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7992 nitrogenous fertilizers
nitrogenous fertilizers
Mineralization of carbon and nitrogen in forest soil treated with fast- and slow-release fertilizers
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Soil water requirements and reponse to fertilisation of barley in Northern Ethiopia = Krav til jordråme og utslag for gjødsling hos bygg i Nord-Etiopia
Enriching the earth : Fritz Haber, Carl Bosch, and the transformation of world food production
Catalysts for nitrogen fixation : nitrogenases, relevant chemical models and commercial processes
Agriculture, fertilizers and the environment
The effect of nitrogen and potassium availability on scleroderris canker of Scots pine seedlings
Reaction of Scots pine on various nitrogen fertilizers on drained peatlands
Injury to pines in the vicinity of a chemical processing plant in northern Finland
Advances in plant nutrition. Volume 1
Effects of sulphur and nitrogen on boreal forest vegetation, soils and nutrient uptake = Virkninger av svovel og nitrogen på boreal skogvegetasjon, jordsmonn og nœringsopptak
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Some geomedical consequences of nitrogen circulation processes
Prevention of environmental pollution from agricultural activity
Summary.
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Fertile soil : a grower's guide to organic & inorganic fertilizers
Nitrate, agriculture and the environment
Current world fertilizer trends and outlook to 2007/08
Addition of stabilized wood ashes to Swedish coniferous stands on mineral soils : effects on stem growth and needle nutrient concentrations
Environmental impact of fertilizers and pesticides used in Finnish forest nurseries
Mobilization of different nitrogen fertilizers in arable soil and effects on the growth of ryegrass: laboratory experiments
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
World nitrogen survey
Proceedings of the International Conference on Environmental Problems Associated with Nitrogen Fertilisation of Field Grown Vegetable Crops : Potsdam, Germany, 30 August - 1 September, 1999
Application of nitrogen-fixing systems in soil improvement and management
Diagnosis of the nitrogen status in crops
Climate change and its warming effects on vegetation and soils are a widely recognized phenomenon. In addition to warming, the understorey vegetation in northern environments has been subjected to several environmental changes, such as increasing nitrogen (N) and other disturbances. This thesis examines the effects of N-fertilization and disturbances on the vegetation biomass and abundance, plant community composition and plant, soil and microbial N and C pools. Seedling establishment of the most common dwarf shrubs (deciduous Vaccinium myrtillus, evergreens V. vitis-idaea and Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) was investigated after artificial disturbance treatments (vegetation and soil removal). These studies were conducted in the boreal and subarctic ecosystems and in the forest-tundra ecotone in northern Finland. N-fertilization and disturbances enhanced the amount of graminoids in plant communities, and the recovery ability of graminoids was enhanced after N-fertilization, which homogenized the vegetation and resulted in a new stable state in the plant community. The recovery ability of evergreen dwarf shrubs was low after disturbances. Disturbances created habitats for seed germination, but the seedling establishment of dwarf shrubs studied was still limited by seed availability. N-fertilization had no effect on microbial biomass. Instead, microbial biomass decreased with disturbance treatment in the boreal forest. However, the concentration of N increased in above-ground vegetation, both after N-fertilization and disturbance without any indication of N immobilization, suggesting that plant species captured the available N effectively for their recovery. The study shows that the likely outcome of N enrichment, when combined with disturbances, is the enhanced growth of graminoids. The seedling establishment does not compensate for the reduction of the vegetativerecovery of evergreen dwarf shrubs, which makes evergreen dwarf shrubs sensitive to environmental changes. As the understorey is more resilient to perturbations in the boreal forest than in the subarctic ecosystem, these results emphasize the sensitivity of the vegetation to simultaneous environmental changes in the northernmost ecosystems. Moreover, microbial properties are more resilient to environmental changes than is above-ground vegetation.
The effectiviness and feasibility of economic incentives of input control in the mitigation of agricultural water pollution
Structural and functional responses of Scots pine needles to nutrient stress
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Controlling nonpoint source pollution of nitrogen from agriculture through economic instruments in Finland
Controlling nitrogen flows and losses
Nutrient management legislation in European countries
Nutrient status and development of tree stands and vegetation on ash-fertilized drained peatlands in Finland
Waste composts as nitrogen fertilizers for forage leys
Nitrogen in soil water at five nitrogen-enriched forest sites in Sweden
Agricultural pollution : problems and practical solutions
Managing a sea : the ecological economics of the Baltic
The effects of human resource management practices on firm productivity : preliminary evidence from Finland
Nutrient use in crop production
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Properties of ammonium nitrate based fertilisers
Towards sustainable intensification of feedstock production with nutrient cycling
Nitrogen, public health and the environment
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
The effects of a revision of the Emission Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European pulp and paper industry
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Nitrogen in terrestrial ecosystems : questions of productivity, vegetational changes, and ecosystem stability
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in agroforestry systems : temporal patterns of some important soil processes
Molecular factors and genetic differences defining symbiotic phenotypes of Galega spp. and Neorhizobium galegae strains
Effect of forest fertilization on the nitrogen content of Vaccinium myrtillys L.
Paprica (Capsicum annuum L.) field establishment and crop productivity under varying planting density and ammonium nitrate topdressing
Developmental stages of the apex used as a basis for supplemental nitrogen application in spring wheat production
The effects of a revision of the Emissions Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European nitrogen fertilizer industry
Undersowing in a northern climate : effects on spring cereal yield and risk of nitrate leaching
The control of soil fertility
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Abstract.
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Responses of forest vegetation and soil to addition of nitrogen
Biological nitrogen fixation for sustainable agriculture : extended versions of papers presented in the symposium, Role of biological nitrogen fixation in sustainable agriculture at the 13th Congress of soil science, Kyoto, Japan, 1990
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Effects of band placement and nitrogen rate on dry matter accumulation, yield and nitrogen uptake of cabbage, carrot and onion
Agriculture and the nitrogen cycle : assessing the impacts of fertilizer use on food production and the environment
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Nitrogen in the environment : sources, problems, and management
Effect of various nitrogen fertilizers on the initial development of birch, spruce and pine
Optimum nutrition and nitrogen saturation in Scots pine stands
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Soil nitrogen as fertilizer or pollutant : proceedings and report of a research coordination meeting organized by the joint FAO/AEA division of atomic energy in food and agriculture in cooperation with the Geschellschaft für Strahten -und Umweltforschung (GSF) and held in Piracicaba, Brazil, 3-7 july 1978.
Emissions from European agriculture
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
