http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p7990 virtual reality
virtual reality
Collada importer for realXtend
3D user interface design : fundamental techniques, theory and practice
Under the never sky
The Service is an internet-like system biologically hardwired into a person's brain. Most consider it essential to modern human life, but for Peter Chardin The Service is the source of a special type of anxiety. His own free will feels like an illusion, dictated by the algorithms of the program
A song for Yui
The Demi-Monde : Summer
Abstract.
Exegesis : [sex, lies and cyberlove in the year 2000]
Super Billy Goats Gruff : a graphic novel
.hack//G.U.  Vol. 1 : The terror of death
Virtual worlds & social interaction design
Modeling a Route Selection in the Virtual World
Navigation and object manipulation in collaborative VR interior design
Human brains and virtual realities : computer-generated presence in theory and practice
Moshi monsters : character encyclopedia
.hack//Cell. volume one : The ending world
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
Soul beach
The Truman show : special collectors edition
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Essential virtual reality fast : how to understand the techniques and potential of virtual reality
Virtual light
Yu-Gi-Oh! : GX. volume 1 : A new hero
Memory trade : a prehistory of cyberculture
The pearly gates of cyberspace : a history of space from Dante to the Internet
Mogworld
Adventure Time : mathematical edition. volume three
When things start to think
The ecology of information work : a case study of bridging archaeological work and virtual reality based knowledge organisation
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
E-commerce in immersive virtual worlds : case: Second Life
Press start to play
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
.hack//Cell. volume two : Infinite release
Tokyo ghost. Volume two, Come join us
Evidence against a correlation between ease of use and actual use of a device in a walk-in virtual environment
On-line flatness measurement of large steel plates using moiré topography
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Possible worlds : the social dynamic of virtual reality technology
Enhancing tourism with augmented and virtual reality
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
Another man's city : a novel
Introduction to artificial life
Enhancing telepresence with mobile virtual proxies
Heritage in the digital era
Research in interactive design. Vol. 2
Applied virtual reality
Scripting your world : the official guide to second life scripting
Five star existence
.hack//Al buster
Being virtual : who you really are online
Virtual reality & augumented reality in industry : : the 2nd Sino-German workshop
Knowledge sharing in virtual teams : action research
Marketing in virtual worlds
How the web was won
This thesis is a study about criminal and offensive activity involving virtual worlds. It will cov-er cases purely taking place inside virtual worlds, as well as cases connected to them in some other way. The thesis will also discuss about the problems that current legislature and en-forcement of norms have in virtual worlds, and find out solutions to those problems. An overall look on the state of virtual worlds of today is also made. The issues of real world are increasingly influencing virtual worlds. Among these influences are crimes and offenses connected to these synthetic worlds which have risen during the recent years, mainly because of the commodification of these worlds. For the same reason, and because of the rise of said crime, the pressure for introducing more law and control into the virtual worlds will rise. However, the current legislature is ill-suited to tackle the problems of virtual domain. There is a fear that if applied, the current legislature and control would destroy the unique aspects of virtual worlds. The cases where court has given sentence for crime connected to virtual world were found to be rare, but existent. Offenses were no legal action were taken, on the other hand, were much more widespread. The most common offenses and crimes seem to be connected to money; getting one's account password with one way or another to steal the virtual assets, and sell them for real-world money. Another type of offense in virtual worlds is communication tort, such as defamation. The legal status of many copyright- and trademarks violations in Second Life, and selling of assets accumulated in massively multiplayer online role-playing games with real-world money is under debate, and unclear at the moment. To prevent the offensive- and criminal activities discussed, two suggested solutions are presented in the thesis. The research was mainly study of written sources, but two interviews and a survey was also conducted for the thesis. The survey was carried out purely inside Second Life. This thesis also discusses experiences about the survey, which can be useful for anyone planning to con-duct research purely inside virtual worlds. The scope of the thesis is limited to multiuser virtual worlds that are operated in the internet, for example Second Life and World of Warcraft. Small scale multiplayer computer games, chat's, IRC, social networking websites or blogs are not discussed. Also excluded are traditional forms of computer crimes, instead the thesis concentrates to special aspects of crimes involving virtual worlds.
Understanding hypermedia 2000 : multimedia origins, internet futures
Communities in cyberspace
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
River of blue fire
Corrector initialize
Waking hell
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
Virtual reality : scientific and technological challenges
The rule of thoughts
Modeling techniques for virtual acoustics
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
All tomorrow's parties
The surrogates. Volume 1
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Proceedings of the 5th MultiG Workshop, Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm 1992-12-18
.hack//Another birth. vol. 2 : Mutation
Mind games
Managing global virtual teams
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
The Demi-Monde : Winter
Code begets community : on social and technical aspects of managing a virtual community
Criminal and offensive behavior involving multiuser virtual worlds
Voxel based approach for dynamic 3D environment in games
A momentary lapse of reason : politological overlook of cyberspace
Force and touch feedback for virtual reality
.hack//Another birth. vol. 1 : Infection
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
3D Content Capturing and Reconstruction Using Microsoft Kinect Depth Camera
The extremes
Practical augmented reality : a guide to the technologies, applications, and human factors for Ar and Vr
Lost in cyperspace
Fractal dreams : new media in social context
.hack//Another birth. vol. 4 : Quarantine
Artificial life : the quest for a new creation
The philosophy of artificial life / edited by Margaret A. Boden
Design principles of educational virtual worlds for preschool children : a case study of JumpStart World Kindergarten's pedagogical methods
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Cognitive agents for virtual environments : first international workshop, CAVE 2012, held at AAMAS 2012, Valencis, Spain, June 4, 2012 : revised selected papers
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
.hack//legend of the twilight. volyme 3
The eye of minds
Wolves
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Virtual reality in engineering
Virtual, augmented and mixed reality : systems and applications
The surrogates. Volume 2 : Flesh and bone
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Nancy Drew : identity theft
Chatterbots : Crash Test Dummies of Communication
Sword art online : Girls' ops. 001
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
The cybergypsies : love, life and travels on the electronic frontier
Every seventh wave
City of golden shadow
Diffractive optics for virtual reality displays
Virtual reality
Multimedia systems
Augmented virtuality:transforming real human activity into virtual environments
Meatspace
Another bloody century : future warfare
Communication and cyberspace : social interaction in an electronic environment
Fabric. ch
Virtual worlds, fiction and reality
Serious games and virtual worlds in education, professional development, and healthcare
Programming virtual worlds
Microserfs
Content Creation for Technical Research Centre of Finland's Virtual Reality System, Lumeportti
.hack//Another birth. vol. 3 : Outbreak
A dream of Wessex
Designing your Second Life : techniques and inspiration for you to design your ideal parallel universe within the online community, Second Life
The accord
Four new messages
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
Visibility culling techniques in virtual reality applications
Teachers' conceptions and their approaches to teaching in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
An introduction to cybercultures
Proceedings of the ARea 14 workshop on interaction and user experience design for future mixed reality spaces
Maya : the world as virtual reality
Acting strategies for the cyber age
I discuss the possible future creation of single log-in point and single avatar for multiple virtual worlds for entertainment and business purposes. I also found suggestions for further research topics, such as virtual shopping malls with multiple linked virtual shops.
Jeffrey Shaw a user's manual : from expanded cinema to virtual reality = Jeffrey Shaw eine gebrauchsanweisung : vom Expanded Xinema zur Virtuellen Realität
Interface fantasy  : a lacanian cyborg ontology
Virtual worlds and criminality
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Phenomena in a virtual environment : virtual team communication in a simulation game
Designing a mobile terminal for horse aficionados
Postmodernity and mobile communications
Fallout
Sword art online : Fairy dance. 001
The Demi-Monde : Spring
The Truman show
Virtual reality : representations in contemporary media
Performance effectiveness of virtual teams in the 21st century
The study of online communities - a suggestion for a comprehensive framework
The peripheral
Surface Reconstruction of Point Clouds Captured with Microsoft Kinect
Yu-Gi-Oh! : Millenium world. vol 7 : Through the last door
Love virtually
The potential for mobile multimedia in a virtual community
Design of virtual identities and behavior in cyber communities
.hack : legend of the twilight. 3
Truth, lies and trust on the Internet
Sword art online progressive. 002
Game boy reloaded
Multiple Connections in RealXtend Architecture
Virtual, augmented and mixed reality : designing and developing augmented and virtual environments
Cap'n Buck : monstrous biographies
