http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8007 duets
duets
The Bradley Barn sessions
SOMEWHERE OUT THERE
10 great Hollywood film duets
Flute 103 : mastering the basics : a method and solo collection for the intermediate flutist with practicing and phrasing guides
It takes two! : 10 great show duets
Chester's piano duets. Volume two
Jeanette MacDonald & Nelson Eddy
Songs and dialogues
Three duets on texts by Heinrich Heine : for soprano and alto voices with piano accompaniment
Piano for two : Swinging pop duets
Midnight
Modern jazz duets for all treble clef instruments. Volume 1, Cookin'
Viva la Diva : The best of Montserrat Caballé
Mario and Luigi's recital duets
Compadres : an anthology of duets
Modern jazz duets : for all bass clef instruments. vol.1
8 duets for beginners : Piano solos with duet..
The Cole Porter songbook
On wings of song : duets by Purcell, Britten, Rossini, Delibes, Massenet, Mendelssohn
The chain
A Peter Warlock Merry-Go-Down : Songs, catches and poems, sociable, amorous and bibulous
Duets for strings : cello
The singer's musical theatre anthology : duets. Volume 2
THE FLOWER DUETS / BOOK 1.
Romantic piano duets : for one piano, four hands
Irish & Scottish songs
Eighteen two-part songs with piano accompaniment
Concert for the planet earth : Rio de Janeiro 1922
Modern jazz duets : for all treble clef instruments, Volume 2 : Smokin'
The canticles
Playing together : student / teacher duets for easy guitar
Tonight
The very best of world duets
English ayres and duets : sung in authentic Elizabethan pronunciation
10 easy jazz duets : for trombone, accoustic/electric bass : Bass clef edition
Album of duets. Volume 2
Two at the piano : 50 duets for young pianists
Contemporary Broadway vocal duets : 31 songs from 19 musicals
The crack in the bell
José Carreras sings Tosti : la mia canzone : with Barbara Frittoli soprano : live at the Musikverein in Vienna
Duets : re-working the catalogue
The collected works
Scottish songs : for George Thomson I
Songs for mezzo
The singer's musical theatre anthology : duets. Volume 1
The library of piano duets
Recapturing the excitement of the Jimmy Dorsey era
Requiem and other sacred music
Great Handel
Cantique de Noël = O Holy night : soprano, alto, and piano
Solos & duets : featuring "The black page"
Play duets with Jimmy Raney : 10 original jazz duets for you to play
Steve and Eydie sing the golden hits
It takes two! : 10 great pop duets
The singer's musical theatre anthology. Duets
The opera album 2002
A rock & roll hit parade : revue of hits from the fifties and sixties
We'll Take Romance : The Best of Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme 1954-1960
Bradleyns Big Note Christmas Duets
2 duettoa : [Sound the trumpet]
The duets
Modern jazz duets for all bass clef instruments. Volume 2, Smokin'
The SINGERS' book of pop duets [Nuottijulkaisu]
The hits of Louis & Keely
SOMEWHERE OUT THERE : AND OTHER CONTEMPORARY HIT DUETS
Marian McPartland's piano jazz with guest Brad Mehldau : Conversation and music as heard on National Public Radio : recorded 9-12-1996
Great oratorio duets
Pigs can fly : easy violin duets with poems and CD = Leichte geigenduette mit gedichten und CD
Duet classics for piano : 1 piano/4 hands
Play duets with Jimmy Raney : 10 orginal jazz duets for you to play
Album of duets. Volume 1
English ayres and duets : Sung in authentic elizabethan pronunciation
Swing Jazz Duets : guitar
Sleigh ride for two : five Christmas favorites arranged for piano duet = Schlittenfahrt für Zwei
Duets for strings : bass
Broadway for two : 1 piano, 4 hands
Music of the American Indian
Scottish songs : for George Thomson II
Contemporary hit duets : 13 vocal duets with piano accompaniment
Marian McPartland's piano jazz with guest Teddy Wilson : conversation and music as heard on National Public Radio, recorded on 11-5-1978
Ich und du = Thou and I
Folksongs : 13e-17e siecles
It takes two! : 10 great rock duets
The Duets
Camp songs ; Ghetto songs
It takes two : a collection of duets for vocalists
Take-away for two : 12 delicious duets for clarinet and alto sax
The songs of Robert Schumann. 8
Waldesstille = Woodland silence
April in Paris
The sea : songs by Haydn, Schubert, Schumann, Mendelssohn, Brahms, Berlioz, Borodin, Wolf, Ives, Faure, Debussy, Britten, Ireland and others
Best of Ella Fitzgerald & Louis Armstrong
Love Songs (+cd) : : piano duet play-along volume 26.
A musicall dreame
Eight favorite duets from the great American songbook : contemporary settings for vocal duet and piano
Eternity's sunrise : [1997]
Canticle II : Abraham and Isaac, Op. 51 : for alto, tenor and piano
Arias and barcarolles : Songs and duets
Heavenly Handel : Arias and duets
Duettek nöi hangokra, zongorakísérettel = Duette für Frauenstimmen mit Klavierbegleitung = Duets for female voices with piano accompaniment. 1
Cantabile : duets for mandolin and guitar
The Very best of Loretta and Conway
Jussi Björling edition : studio recordings 1930-1959 : arias, duets & songs
Sacred vocal duets : an annotated bibliography
Texas rain : the Texas Hill Country recordings : remastered expanded edition
Porgy & Bess
