http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8002 Apache indians
Apache indians
Indeh : a story of the Apache wars
Apaches : a history and culture portrait
Apache reservation : indigenous peoples and the American state
The Apache
Abstract.
Western Apache language and culture : essays in linguistic anthropology
The Production and Reproduction of Chiricahua Apache Society : How social world is constituted by systems of exchange and imagination
Renowned for ferocity in battle, legendary for an uncanny ability to elude capture. feared for the violence of his vengeful raids. the Apache fighter Geronimo captured the public imagination in his own time and remains a mythic figure today. This thoroughly researched biography by a renowned historian of the American West strips away the myths and rumors that have long obscured the real Geronimo and presents an authentic portrait of a man with unique strengths and weaknesses and a destiny that swept him into history. Utley unfolds the story through the alternating perspectives of whites and Apaches, and he arrives at a more nuanced understanding of Geronimo's character and motivation than ever before. What it was like to be an Apache fighter-in-training, why Indians as well as whites feared Geronimo, how Geronimo maintained his freedom, and why he finally surrendered--the answers to these questions and many more fill these pages.--From publisher description.
The Apaches
Childhood and folklore : a psychoanalytic study of Apache personality
The people called Apache
The year is 1872. The place, the Apache nations, a region torn apart by decades of war. The people, like Goyahkla, lose his family and everything he loves. After having a vision, the young Goyahkla approaches the Apache leader Cochise, and the entire Apache nation, to lead an attack against the Mexican village of Azripe. It is this wild display of courage that transforms the young brave Goyakhla into the Native American hero Geronimo. But the war wages on. As they battle their enemies, lose loved ones, and desperately cling on to their land and culture, they would utter, "Indeh," or "the dead." When it looks like lasting peace has been reached, it seems like the war is over. Or is it? INDEH captures the deeply rich narrative of two nations at war--as told through the eyes of Naiches and Geronimo--who then try to find peace and forgiveness. INDEH not only paints a picture of some of the most magnificent characters in the history of our country, but it also reveals the spiritual and emotional cost of the Apache Wars. Based on exhaustive research, INDEH offers a remarkable glimpse into the raw themes of cultural differences, the horrors of war, the search for peace, and, ultimately, retribution. The Apache left an indelible mark on our perceptions about the American West, and INDEH shows us why.
The Apache wars : the hunt for Geronimo, the Apache Kid, and the captive boy who started the longest war in American history
Meaning in anthropology
Allan Houser, an American master : (Chiricahua Apache, 1914-1994)
Geronimo : the man, his time, his place
Wisdom sits in places : landscape and language among the western Apache
The Chiricahua Apache 1846-1876 : from war to reservation
Learning and cognition in later life
Nine years among the Indians, 1870-1879 : the story of the captivity and life of a Texan among the Indians
Hondo - yksinäinen vaeltaja : special collector's edition
Geronimo : a biography
Don't let the sun step over you : a White Mountain Apache family life (1860-1975)
A practical grammar of the San Carlos Apache language
Once they moved like the wind : Cochise, Geronimo, and the Apache wars
