http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8003 laypersons
laypersons
Christian stewardship and ecumenical confrontation : lectures and study outlines of a consultation organized by the Department on the Laity and the Ecumenical Institute of the World Council of Churches, Bossey, Switzerland, August 31-September 6, 1961.
Gender, miracles, and daily life : the evidence of fourteenth-century canonization processes
The theology of the cross : reflections on themes from Finnish American Lutheran heritage
This volume explores how the relationship between confraternities and the clergy negotiated the boundaries of religious space in the late medieval and early modern periods. Who owns the spaces of religion? Does the question matter, or even make sense? Modern distinctions between sacred and secular spheres tend to assume that clergy dominate the former, and lay people the latter. A man or woman living in the early modern period might not have been so sure. They would have thought more immediately of things of heaven and things of earth, and would have seen each as the concern of clergy and laity alike. Faith's boundaries, while real, were very porous. This collection offers the first sustained comparative examination of lay–clerical relations in confraternities through the late medieval and early modern periods. It shows how laity and clergy debated, accommodated, resolved, or deflected the key issues of gender, race, politics, class, and power. The sixteen essays are organized into six sections that consider different aspects of the function of confraternities as social spaces where laity and clergy met, mediated, and sometimes competed and fought. They cover a period historically when kinship was a dominant metaphor in religious life and when kinship groups like confraternities were dominant models in religious institutions. They deal with Catholic, Jewish, and Islamic confraternities, and range geographically from Europe to the Middle East, Central and South Asia, and Latin America.
Bible readers and lay writers in early modern England : gender and self-definition in an emergent writing culture
The layman in Christian history : a project of the Department on the laity of the World Council of Churches
The plain man's pathways to heaven : kinds of Christianity in post-Reformation England, 1570-1640
Hang on St. Christopher : the changing Irish faith demonstrated by Catholic material culture
Church and people : England, 1450-1660
Infant milk or hardy nourishment? : the Bible for lay people and theologians in the early modern period
Conflicting visions of reform : German lay propaganda pamphlets, 1519-1530
Lay intellectuals in the Carolingian world
The new reformation : returning the ministry to the people of God
Laici in ecclesia : [an ecumenical bibliography on the role of the laity in the life and mission of the church]
The Bible and lay people : an empirical approach to ordinary hermeneutics
The short day dying
The status & ministry of the laity in the Orthodox Church
Lay people and religion in the early eighteenth century
A letter from Christ to the world : an exploration of the role of the laity in the church today
Working your way to the nations : a guide to effective tentmaking
Lay people in the church : a study for a theology of laity
Churchgoing and Christian ethics
The laity in the Middle Ages : religious beliefs and devotional practices
Death of the layman: the legacy of deconstruction and the philosophy of international law
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
Faith's boundaries : laity and clergy in early modern confraternities
They Call Him Pastor reveals how the leadership of married men can be a resource for the healthy continuation of parish life. It focuses on twenty parishes, located in all four census regions of the United States, that are administered by married men (ten deacons and ten laymen). In each parish, the author conducted individual interviews with the deacons and the lay leaders, their wives, their children, the sacramental minister (priest), the bishops, and a representative group of parishioners. The research revealed that these parish leaders tended to practice collaborative leadership, and that their marital status was a key factor for the acceptance and cooperation of their congregations.
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy, 1200-1500
Thinking of the laity in late Tudor England
Beyond the lens of conservation : Malagasy and Swiss imaginations of one another
Documentary culture and the laity in the early Middle Ages
English wayfaring life in the middle ages (XIVth century)
Ministries in the church
Infallibility of the laity : the legacy of Newman
Augustine of Hippo : the role of the laity in ecclesial reconciliation
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy 1200-1500
One calling in Christ : the laity in the Orthodox Church : papers from the Annual Meeting of the Orthodox Theological Society in America 2004
Religion on the move! : new dynamics of religious expansion in a globalizing world
Faithful revolution : how Voice of the Faithful is changing the church
The role of the priest and the apostolate of the laity
Dominican penitent women
Base communities : an introduction
Communion outside the Eucharist
'Movements' in the church
A noble task : eldership and ministry in the local church
Ecumenism of the laity : continuity and change in the mission view of the World's Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations, 1855-1955
Commission on stewardship and congregational life : report 1952-1957 : Lutheran World Federation, August 15-25, 1957, Minneapolis, Minn., U.S.A
Pilgrimage : the English experience from Becket to Bunyan
Separate but equal : Cistercian lay brothers, 1120-1350
Professional and lay care in the Tanzanian village of Ilembula
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 3, Studies in theological style : lay style
Set my people free : a lay challenge to the churches
"How do religions spread in today's world, where Christian missions have lost influence and modern nations have replaced colonial empires? Religion on the Move! is a collection of essays charting new religious expansions. Contemporary evangelists may be Nigerian, Korean, Brazilian or Congolese, working at the grassroots and outside the mainstream in Pentecostal, reformist Islamic, and Hindu spiritual currents. While transportation and media provide newfound mobility, the mission field may be next door, in Europe, North America, and within the "South," where migrants from Africa, Asia, and Latin America settle. These essays, using perspectives from religious studies, ethnography, history and sociology, show that immigrants, women, and other disempowered peoples transmit their faiths from everywhere to everywhere, engaging in globalization from below." --from back cover.
The effective church board : a handbook for mentoring and training servant leaders
The fragmented layman : an empirical study of lay attitudes
Beginning in the 1380s in the east-central Netherlands and in the county of Holland, the Devotio Moderna formed households organized as communes and forged lives centred on private devotion. This book places the movement in the context of urban society in the medieval Low Countries.
Consulting the faithful : what Christian intellectuals can learn from popular religion
Korean Buddhist nuns and laywomen : hidden histories, enduring vitality
Lawyers and laymen on the bench : a study of comparative legal sociology
Secular institutes : A Symposium [A symposium on the modern lay community]
The American church and the Ecumenical Patriarchate : governance, diaspora, role of women
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest : studies on aetiology, treatment and outcome
Voices of solidarity : a story of Christian lay centres, academies and movements for social concern
Exornatorium Curatorum : Edited from Wynkyn de Worde's Edition in Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, SP.335.2
The Church : mystery, sacrament, community
Laypeople's viewpoints about the reasons for expert controversy regarding food additives
Nine keys to effective small group leadership : how lay leaders can establish dynamic and healthy cells, classes, or teams
Living in the image of Christ : the laity in ministry
Heresy, inquisition and life-cycle in Medieval Languedoc
Church and people 1450-1660 : the triumph of the laity in the English church
The Orthodox church : 455 questions and answers
In January 2002, investigative reporting at the Boston Globe set off a wave of revelations regarding child sexual abuse by Catholic clergy and the transferring of abusive priests from parish to parish. Public allegations against clergy reached unprecedented levels; one Bishop would later refer to the period as "our 9/11." Reeling from a growing awareness of abuse within their Church, a small group of Catholics gathered after Mass in the basement of a parish in Wellesley, Massachusetts to mourn and react. They began to mobilize around supporting victims of abuse, supporting non-abusive priests, and advocating for structural change in the Catholic Church so that abuse would no longer occur. Voice of the Faithful (VOTF) built a movement by harnessing the faith and fury of a nation of Catholics shocked by reports of abuse and institutional complicity. Some 30,000 around the United States formally joined the VOTF movement to reform the Catholic Church. Faithful Revolution offers an in-depth look at the development of Voice of the Faithful and their struggle to challenge Church leaders, advocate for internal change, and be accepted as legitimately Catholic while doing so. In a study based on three years of field observation and interviews with VOTF founders, leaders, and participants in settings throughout the U.S., Bruce shows the contested nature of a religious movement operating within a bounded institutional space. Guided by the stories of individual participants, this book brings to light the intense identity negotiations that accompany a challenge to one's own religion. Faithful Revolution offers a meaningful and accessible way to learn about Catholic identity, intra-institutional social movements, and the complexity of institutional structures.
Signs of renewal : the life of the Lay Institute in Europe
Maallikon suorittama defibrillaatio sydänpysähdyspotilaan hoitoketjussa = Lay-person and public access defibrilation in the chain of survival in Finland
The rise of the laity in Evangelical Protestantism
They call him pastor : married men in charge of Catholic parishes
Mission, ministry, order : reading the tradition in the present context
Values and stances towards expert knowledge
Sisters and brothers of the common life : the Devotio Moderna and the world of the later Middle Ages
Ordinary theology : looking, listening, and learning in theology
Between lay piety and academic theology : studies presented to Christoph Burger on the occasion of his 65th birthday
Lay participatory design : a way to develop information technology and activity together
Living the Liturgy : a practical guide for participating in the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church
