http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8014 integration into working life
integration into working life
Local enterprising localities : area based employment initiatives in the United Kingdom
Job search and wage bargaining
Action for employment in Europe : a confidence pact (CSE(96) 1 final) = Speech delivered by President Jacques Santer at the Tripartite Conference on Growth and Employment (Rome, 14 June 1996) = Extracts of the conclusions of the Florence European Council
Labour market policies and the public employment service : Praque Conference, July 2000.
Generating jobs : how to increase demand for less-skilled workers
Impacts of the EES : national evaluation of the effects of the European Employment Strategy : EES evaluation project, final report = Euroopan työllisyysstrategian vaikutusten kansallinen arviointi
Employment of disabled persons : Finnish national programme for the vocational rehabilitation and employment of disabled persons
Labor market economics
Local job creation programs for youth in Sweden
Job challenge : Europe is creating jobs : ten innovative projects tell their stories
Job creation and loss : analysis, policy, and data development
A stimulus to job creation : practical partnerships between large & small companies
Informal employment in the advanced economies : implications for work and welfare
Report on a third series of local consultations held in European countries 1986 : final report
Real work for real pay : inclusive employment for people with disabilities
Women on the job : the attitudes of women to their work
Good practice in employment of people with disabilities : compendium
Employment policies for disabled people in eighteen countries : a review
Employment steps : final report of Steps multinational project 1995-1998
Generation Y : who are we and what do we want?
Nuorisotoimi Suomessa 1996 = Ungdomsväsendet i Finland = Youth work in Finland = Jugendsbereich in Finnland = L'Adminstration [sic] de la jeunesse en Finlande
Raising employment levels of people with disabilities : the common challenge : Commission staff working paper
Immigrants as entrepreneurs : experiences of multicultural co-operatives
Disability management : theory, strategy and industry practice
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Unemployment in the new Europe
Britain's best employers : a guide to the 100 most attractive companies to work for
The quantitative and qualitative significance of the emergence of local initiatives for employment creation
Private forestry as an employment guarantee in countryside of Latvia
Disability, policy and professional practice
The social challenge of job creation : combating unemployment in Europe
Working time, employment and work sharing : evidence from Sweden
Diverse work community : ageing, immigrants and people with disabilities in work community : case Cooperative Store KPO
Jokainen ihminen on työn arvoinen : Worth the Work -projektin loppuraportti
Employers' intention to hire highly educated foreign workforce in the Kokkola region : implications for higher education
Job creation and labour law : from protection towards pro-action
Programme for employment in Finland 1996-1999 : halving unemployment
Analysis and comparison of ports' employment effects : observations and a Finnish case study
First report on local development and employment initiatives : lessons for territorial and local employment pacts
European union assistance for employment and human resources : a brief guide to the ESF for future member states
Misleading trajectories : integration policies for young adults in Europe?
Abstract (1 s.).
Multinationals and employment : the global economy of the 1990s
Job hunting after university or college : CVs and application forms being interviews second interviews
Work opportunities of young people
Labor economics : modern views
The 2010 International Business curriculum of Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and the changing demands of working life.
New types of employment initiatives especially as relating to women
The general theory of employment interest and money
Carrying out corporate social initiative actions : VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
Technology and employment - the impact of microelectronics
The new entrepreneurs : self-employment and small business in Europe
Job creation in small and medium sized enterprises : main report. Vol. 1, summary report : issues for research and policy : United Kingdom, Italy
Counselling and long-term unemployment : report on phase 2 of the EUROCOUNSEL action research programme : "Meeting of Senior Public Employment Service Officials", Edinburgh, Scotland January 25-27 1993.
The role of local authorities in promoting local employment initiatives : main report
Counselling and long-term unemployment : report on phase 1 of the EUROCOUNSEL action research programme : executive summary
"Does inclusion pay?" : evaluating impacts and cost-effectiveness of active social policy and active labour market policy and inclucion
Carrying out Corporate Social Initiative Actions : Case: VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
Analysis of the dynamics of the job creation process in the United States and an evaluation of medium and long term prospects : Programme for Research and Actions on the development of the Labour Market : Study No. 85/1. Volume 2, Public policy, entrepreneurship and the U.S. job creation experience
Unemployment and migration : does moving help?
Putting the young in business : policy challenges for youth entrepreneurship
Summary (kuvailulehti): Employment effects of an experiment with social security contributions : report of evaluation project. Abstract (s. 25).
Summaries of the final evaluation reports : Finnish adapt and community initiatives
Contractualism in Finnish activation policy
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
European coal and steel community : redeployment aid for workers
Losing ground : American social policy, 1950-1980
On flexibility and adaptive control of labour costs of enterprise
Finland's National Action Plan for Employment 2003 in accordance with the EU's Employment Guidelines
Innovative employment initiatives
4Work-development partnership : good practice guide
Finnish national workplace development programme 1996-99 : final report of the management group to the Economic Council Helsinki, December 15, 1999.
This Bachelor's thesis focuses on ways in which organisations work together to achieve desired goals that benefit people with disabilities and the wider community. The purpose is to analyse corporate social responsibility CSR initiatives, such as the employment of people with disabilities and other disadvantaged groups, and their impact. The target organisations of the case study were VATES Foundation and Helsinki Co-operative Society Elanto, Finnish organisations with headquarters in Helsinki. The purpose of the VATES Foundation is to promote employment for disabled people and the aim of the organisation is to try to get more employment for people with disabilities within Finland. Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto provides for example grocery and restaurant services for the residents of the Greater Helsinki in Finland. The aim of the thesis is to understand exactly how CSR initiatives are carried out, both from the VATES Foundation's and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto's perspective. The aim is to provide a wider overview of CSR Initiatives and offer suggestions and improvement ideas these practices. The focus is also on the benefits of creating alliances between organisations or firms for these purposes. The theoretical framework of the thesis covers wide aspects of the basic CSR concepts and theories, such as the central definitions, concepts, CSR at workplace, sustainability, reasons for CSR engagement, standards and their measurement, and stakeholder relations. The results revealed that both VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto have taken positive steps since the beginning of the 1990's towards corporate social initiatives, towards employment for people with disabilities and other disadvantaged groups. The top management commitment and efficient communications and resources allocations have enhanced positive contribution towards the needs of the community around them, the needs of their nation and the needs of the community in the wider world.
Local employment initiatives : a manual on intermediary and support organizations : main report
Situation analysis for FACES worker cooperative
Peripheral youth in hard marginal and reflective social policy : a companionship model for the Barents region from Finnish Kainuu
Urban illusions : new approaches to inner city unemployment
Organizational entry : recruitment, selection, orientation, and socialization of newcomers
In short supply : jobs and skills in the 1980s
Forestry as an employer in Finland
Direct job creation in the public sector : evaluation of national experience in Canada, Denmark, Norway, United Kingdom, United States
Public service employment : the experience of a decade
Disability, employment and the European Community
What is a good result made of? : a multiple consistuency evaluation of the successfulness of systems of work generating measures
ESF Art. 6 96/97 project directory : "New job sources"
Worksharing for young persons : recent experiences in Great Britain, the Federal Republic of Germany and the Netherlands : main report
Evaluating the longer-term of employment strategy : promotion of expertise, tools and methods for longer-term evaluation of an employment strategy : final report
Employment strategies for the rural poor
Elements in a strategy for increased growth, competitiveness and employment
Environmental technology and employment : current thinking in Finland
Employment steps
Combating exclusion from the world of work
Employability skills
Music and patronage in the Sforza court
Oxford review of economic policy : winter 1991 : microeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Citizenship and employment : investigating post-industrial options
European employment observatory review : self-employment in Europe 2010
Sickness, disability and work : breaking the barriers. Vol. 2, Australia, Luxembourg, Spain and the United Kingdom
The effects of employment protection on the choice of risky projects
Cooperation in the field of employment : local employment initiatives : report on a second series of local consultations held in European Countries : 1984-1985 : final report
Global cities at work : new migrant divisions of labour
Tiny trickles form a flow : mainstreaming in employment projects : description of an operating model
Employment objectives in economic development : report of a meeting of experts
Active labour market policies around the world : coping with the consequences of globalization
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
Promotion of expertise, tools and methods for longer-term evalution of an employment strategy : evaluating the longer-term of an employment strategy : final report
Women in relief work : female unemployment in Helsinki before World War II
Employment policies for disabled people : a review of legislation and services in fifteen countries
Keys to the workplace : skills and supports for people with disabilities
Towards employment for all : combating racism and promoting the integration of migrants
Action research in employment : evaluation of selected projects (1997/98) : development of local employment
The European employment strategy : investing in people, investing in more and better jobs
Determinants of self-employment
The impact of active programmes on employment in the eras of high and low unemployment
The fading of compulsory labour : the displacement of work by hobbies in the reformatory schools of twentieth-century Finland
Environmental efficiency, innovation and economic performances
Finland's national action plan for employment in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines, April 2000.
How can we establish a cooperative? : cooperative societies in Finland : information for immigrants
Employment action : a practical manual
Executive summary (s. 9-15).
The unemployment shock of the early 1990s and Finnish employment-output relationship
Study on national employment strategies towards migrants and ethnic minorities (NatEmo-project) country study Denmark
Acting locally for employment : findings of the preparatory measures for a local commitment to employment : 2001
Thriving and surviving at work : disabled people's employment strategies
New policies for the part-time and contingent workforce
The impact of job security provisions on the adjustment of labour : some evidence from Finland
Good practices for implementing the youth guarantee in the Turku Region
Euripide : Employment Horizon Project 1998-1999/2000 : final report 24th March 2000
Job creation in small and medium sized enterprises : main report. Vol. 3, Spain, Ireland, Denmark, Greece, Portugal
Restoring full employment : a discussion paper
Tourism student's appreciations, values and expectations of their dream job : case: Helsinki Expert
Workfare programmes in Brazil : an evaluation of their performance
European Employment Observatory Review : Youth employment measures 2010
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Willingness to pay for work programs for disabled workers
Proposed grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to Afganistan for supporting the road employment project for settlement and integration of returning refugees and displaced persons
Implementing the European employment strategy : the challenges of integrating young people into the labour market, long-term unemployment and equal opportunities
Good practice in finding good practice : international workshop in evaluation
International handbook of labour market policy and evaluation
Social firms - new jobs for the disabled = Sosiaaliset yritykset - uusia työpaikkoja vammaisille
The Finnish national workplace development programme : background, starting premises and initial experiences
Summary and policy recommendations (s. 11-35).
Action plan for social and economic integration in Finland
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Investment for jobs and growth : promoting development and good governance in EU regions and cities : sixth report on economic, social and territorial cohesion
Report of the Business Environment Simplification Task Force
Agro-industries for development
Summary.
Career development, employment, and disability in rehabilitation : from theory to practice
Unemployment down to 200000
Social firms in Europe : some practical aspects
Local development and employment initiatives : an investigation in the European Union
Summary (s. 2).
Contractualism in employment services : a new form of welfare state governance
Grant assistance (financed from the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to Mongolia for expanding employment opportunities for poor disabled persons : to be implemented in conjunction with the Social Security Sector Development Program (loans 1836/1837 (SF), approved on 28 August 2001.
Report on a series of local consultations held in European countries 1982-1983 : main report
Employment and people with disabilities : report of the special meeting of the High-Level Group on Disability, Brussels, 15 October 1997
Creating customized employment opportunities for individuals with disabilities : videos, audio interview, fact sheed
Employment-based safety nets : exploring an alternative approach to limit the adverse consequences of recurrent droughts in Ethiopia
Changing division of labour within the family and the responses of pension policy
The era of tailor-made jobs : second report on local development and employment initiatives
National Symposium on the Deaf : Driving and Employability
Job creation in small and medium sized enterprises : main report. Vol. 2, Federal Republic of Germany, France, Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg
