http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8016 self-direction
self-direction
Filming a new beginning : designing a new media learning practice by building on the personal interests of families in India
"This is my portfolio" : portfolios in upper secondary school English studies
Problem-based learning : how to gain the most from PBL
Motivating humans : goals, emotions, and personal agency beliefs
The modern practice of adult education : from pedagogy to andragogy
Models of self-regulated learning: a review
Complex systems leadership theory : new perspectives from complexity science on social and organizational effectiveness
A management system exempt from power : learning to manage with consideration for others
Developing self-regulating learners
Pedagogy for autonomy in language education in Europe : towards a framework for learner and teacher development
University independence : the main questions
Self-directed groupwork : users take action for empowerment
Intrinsic motivation as a sustainable motivational model at hotels : case study: Hotel Taschenbergpalais Kempinski Dresden
Self-direction in adult learning : perspectives on theory, research, and practice
Language-learning strategies in learning English as a foreign language : features of EFL learning strategies used by seventh-grade pupils in Viikki teacher training school (Helsingin yliopiston Viikin normaalikoulu)
Self-regulation of learning and performance : issues and educational applications
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Student-directed learning
Goal orientation, self-esteem and perceived control in self-regulated learning : a preliminary analysis
Understanding self-regulated learning
The theory and practice of learning
Te rito o te mātauranga : experiential learning for the third millennium : selected papers from the seventh conference of the International Consortium for Experiential Learning, Auckland, Aotearoa / New Zealand, December 4-8, 2000.. Vol. 1
Do it yourself : a material package for encouraging self-direction in upper secondary school language learning
Self-producing systems : implications and applications of autopoiesis
Problem-based learning : a research perspective on learning interactions
High tech high touch : how top managers and consultants facilitate organizational transformation by improving social competencies and total quality
Everywhere all the time : a new deschooling reader
Modeling for learning organizations
Self-regulated learning : an application of critical educational psychology
Towards the self-regulative university
""The founder of the Khan Academy -- the world's most popular free online learning site -- tells the story of his school's astonishing success, and shares his revolutionary vision for the future of education." --Provided by the publisher"-- Provided by publisher.
Handbook of self-regulation
Working with experience : animating learning
Self-regulated learning and academic achievement : theoretical perspectives
Self-directed behavior : Self-modification for personal adjustment
Information and communication technology adoption at work : employees' experiences of adoption and learning
Motivation structure of end-user application developers in organisational learning
Headlines of daily newspapers announce that 90% of all German employees do not feel satisfied  at work. This statement contradicts with the increasing importance of innovative and motivated  people that are needed by modern companies. Technological modernization and automation lead  to global competition and growing challenges for all companies being part of the international  economic system. These developments hide the request for unique and personalized services that  have to be designed for demanding customers by employees being proactive problem-solvers.  Combining the corporate success with employee's satisfaction is seen as the modern challenge for  HR Managers during the 21st century and defines the focus of this thesis report.  The search for an answer firstly lead to the investigation of various theories on basic human  needs and demonstrated the development of corresponding motivational methods towards a  more intangible approach called intrinsic motivation. Nowadays employees demand different  rewards from work than 20 years ago. The growth of the service industry has been the release for  testing the need for a modernized motivational model at hotels belonging to that sector.  Aiming to examine the sustainable impact of intrinsic motivation, the empirical research tested  the current satisfaction level and rewarding preferences from staff members belonging to  different hierarchical levels of a 5-star luxury hotel. Consequently the openness of modern staff  for new motivational models was spotted and starting points for the method's implementation  could be identified. People stressed their tendency towards intangible motivators but never forgot  to mention financial security. Findings from empirical research also revealed the request for a  motivational model stimulating people's ability to realize their full potential and express their  personality by simultaneously benefiting the corporate success. This desire stresses career  supporting opportunities and support for cross-departmental communication.  Finally, the combination of literature review findings and empirical results formed the fundament  for creating innovative implications for future managers who try to benefit the company as well  as their staff members. The establishment of a model that revives people's passion for  performing a job and intends to direct people's attention towards intrinsic motivators  constituting one step towards a long-term motivation. On the basis of ensuring a fair salary the  new strategy tries to deflect people's focus on monetary reward by stressing personal growth  potential.
Aspects of knowledge mining on minimizing drive tests in self-organizing cellular networks
Measurement of learning strategies : creating a self-rating tool for students of the virtual university
Self-determined learning : heutagogy in action
Instrumental practising  and self-regulation : a social cognitive perspective
Educational change : from traditional education to learning communities
The one world schoolhouse : education reimagined
Learning teaching : becoming an inspirational teacher
Built on trust : gaining competitive advantage in any organization
Mastering self-leadership : empowering yourself for personal excellence
Conceptions of self-directed learning : theoretical and conceptional considerations
Music and learner autonomy in the EFL classroom
Problem-solving in groups
This volume focuses on the role of motivational processes - such as goals, attributions, self-efficacy, outcome expectations, self-concept, self-esteem, social comparisons, emotions, values, and self-evaluations - in self-regulated learning. It provides theoretical and empirical evidence demonstrating the role of motivation in self-regulated learning, and discusses detailed applications of the principles of motivation and self-regulation in educational contexts. Each chapter includes a description of the motivational variables, the theoretical rationale for their importance, research evidence to support their role in self-regulation, suggestions for ways to incorporate motivational variables into learning contexts to foster self-regulatory skill development, and achievement outcomes.
Learner control and responsibility : expanding the concept of self-direction in higher education
Self-regulated learning : from teaching to self-reflective practice
Lead more, control less : 8 advanced leadership skills that overturn convention
"Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 offers transition focused approaches to planning, teaching, learning and assessment designed to meet the needs of these unique learners. Drawing upon the latest research and theory, as well as the authors' extensive experience in the field, it examines in detail transitions in teaching and learning in this complex sector. Drawing out and critically analysing the key features of both pedagogy and andragogy, the book presents the best elements of each to provide all tutors and practitioners involved in the teaching of 14-19 learners with clear strategies for supporting this group. Practical advice backed by sound theory will provide readers with a clear understanding of the requirements and needs of learners in the school, college and university. Topics explored include: The role of the teacher in supporting student transitions: Understanding transition focused approaches. Emotional and social factors involved. Recognising difficulties and helping students prepare Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 is a practical guide also offering a unique contribution to the discourse on this important sector of education, increasingly afforded the attention it deserves. It will be an essential resource for trainee teachers, students of PCET, lecturers and teachers wanting to build upon their understanding of this group of learners. "--
Leadership and the new science : learning about organization from an orderly universe
Learning for life : a case study of two EFL coursebooks for adults from andragological perspective
Developing student autonomy in learning
Who regulates student-regulated learning? : Architectural design studio as learning environment
Open space technology : a user's guide
Self-directed learning : a practical guide to design, development, and implementation
Whale done! : the power of positive relationships
Self-organization in biological systems
Dimensions of thinking and cognitive instruction
Managing your own learning
Self-directedness : cause and effects throughout the life course
The power of empowerement : release the hidden talents of your employees
What drives the learner? : goals and motivation in learning
New themes for education in a changing world
"A free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere: this is the goal of the Khan Academy, a passion project that grew from an ex-hedge funder's online tutoring sessions with his niece, who was struggling with algebra, into a worldwide phenomenon. Today, millions have viewed and subscribed to the Khan Academy's YouTube videos, which have expanded to encompass nearly every conceivable subject. Like all great innovators, Sal Khan established himself as an outsider, with no teaching background to tie him to broken models. And his breakthrough idea has become his life's passion. Schools seek his advice about connecting to students in a digital age, and people of all ages and backgrounds flock to the site to utilize this new approach to learning. In The One World Schoolhouse, Khan will present his remarkable story, as well as his vision for the future of education. More than just a solution, his book serves as a call for free, universal, global education, and an explanation of how his simple - yet revolutionary - method can help achieve this inspiring goal"--
Free to learn : why unleashing the instinct to play will make our children happier, more self-reliant, and better students for life
Self-regulation in learning : finding a balance between learning and ego-protective goals
Towards self-directed learning : the impact of explicit strategy information on learning in Finnish senior secondary school teaching materials
Creating contexts for learning and self-authorship : constructive-developmental pedagogy
Self-direction for lifelong learning : a comprehensive guide to theory and practice
Democratic discipline in learning communities : theory and practice
Learning to change : a resource for trainers, managers and learners based on self-organised learning
Assessment strategies for self-directed learning
Self-organizing systems : an interdisciplinary approach
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Access to open learning : developing open university studies in Finland
Holacracy
Managing your self : management by detached involvement
Joining together : group theory and group skills
Supporting student transitions 14-19 : approaches to teaching and learning
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
The academic achievement challenge : what really works in the classroom?
The management of independent learning
Motivation and self-regulated learning : theory, research, and applications
Common characteristics and attributes of self-managed virtual teams
Empowerment in action : self-directed groupwork
Interactive and child-centred research methods for investigating efficacious agency of children
Self-driven learning : teaching strategies for student motivation
Towards learner and teacher autonomy : self-directed learning as a departmental policy for quality development in Language Centre instruction
The volitional aspects of learning
Reinventing financial services : what consumers expect from future banks and insurers
Fostering independent learning : practical strategies to promote student success
A critical analysis of supervisory approach on scientific basis : reflective, professional supervision
Motivational strategies in self-regulated learning : intraindividual predictors of avoidance orientation and self-handicapping in academic domain
Learning to learn : a philosophical guide to learning
Attemps to raise students' awareness of learning
Learner autonomy across cultures : language education perspectives
Self-organisation : counter-economic strategies
Introducing learner autonomy in teacher education
Self managed learning
Learning conversations : the self-organised learning way to personal and organisational growth
Self-directed learning : a guide for learners and teachers
Advances in interdisciplinary studies of work teams. Vol. 1, 1994, Theories of self-managing work teams
Effectiveness and process in experiential group learning : comparing a process-directive encounter group (PEG) and a self-directive study group (SSG) approach
Handbook of self-regulation : research, theory, and applications
Conative constructs and self-regulated learning
The use of multimedia and effectiveness of learning : the use of multimedia in adult education, effectiveness of learning and its connection to learners' personal qualities and to the learning environment
Holacracy : the revolutionary management system that abolishes hierarchy
Coaching the owner managers and directors of small businesses
Rethinking depression : how to shed mental health labels and create personal meaning
Taking control : autonomy in language learning
Dynamic patterns : the self-organization of brain and behavior
Teaching language learning : in-service training for communicative teacing and self-directed learning in English as a foreign language
Autonomy at work : an investigation into a practical realisation of learner autonomy on English 1 oral skills
Developing self-regulated learners : beyond achievement to self-efficacy
Self-regulated learning (SRL) is defined as the strategic pursuit of academic goals that involves the control over thoughts, behaviors, and emotions. This notion is taken for granted as a form of empowerment and as a form of engagement that good teachers will foster. This book is about exploring different sides to this story. It first proposes a framework for critically examining dominant and taken-for-granted ideas in educational psychology, then applies that framework to the examination of SRL to show how it endorses middle-class conventions, aligns with neoliberal logic, and renders individuals subordinate to oppressive educational structures. The book is a critique that is not necessarily intended to lead to the rejection of SRL, but rather to invite teachers, researchers, and policymakers to reflect on the possible consequences and ethics of taking up the aim to institutionalize SRL.
Experiential learning : a new approach
The intelligent Organization : engaging the talent & initiative of everyone in the workplace
The career adventure : your guide to personal assessment, career exploration, and decision making
Self-instruction pedagogy : how to teach self-determined learning
Learning as self-organization
Mapping the terrain of learner autonomy : learning environments, learning communities and identities
Teaming up : making the transition to a self-directed, team-based organization
The self-organizing economy
Development of the self-directed learning readiness scale
Dynamics in self-regulated learning - implications for studying person x situation -transactions
Individual differences in motivational and cognitive factors affecting self-regulated learning - a pattern-oriented approach
Advanced technologies for intelligent systems of national border security
Developing Self-regulating Learners was written as a resource for any educator interested in learning more about self-regulated learning (SRL) and how to support the development of self-regulating learners. It is also an ideal text for Teacher Education and graduate-level courses in educational psychology, special education, and classroom practice. The book is organized into three parts: Part One presents “portraits of SRL” that help educators define self-regulated learning, consider why fostering SRL is so important, and see relationships between SRL, social-emotional learning, and executive functioning. Part Two describes and illustrates SRL—promoting practices. Chapters in this section describe: how educators can establish safe and supportive learning environments that foster rich forms of learning and SRL; key guidelines educators can follow when building SRL-promoting practices; how educators can design activities and tasks that create opportunities for rich forms of learning and self- regulation; how educators can weave explicit supports for SRL into environments and activities; and how educators can structure assessments and feedback to inform and empower learning. Part Three pulls together ideas presented in Parts One and Two, giving rich case examples of how and why supporting SRL can assist educators in: meeting the needs of diverse students; motivating and empowering learners; and, ultimately, empowering 21st-century learning. Overall, this book will assist preservice and inservice educators in connecting research on self-regulation to learning in classrooms, and in effectively linking theoretical content with practical classroom applications and strategies.
