http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8013 labour policy
labour policy
Tattered banners : labor, conflict, and corporatism in postcommunist Russia
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Work and inequality
Gender equality and occupational segregation in Nordic labour markets
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
The market in Chinese social policy
Finland's National Action Plan for Employment 2003 in accordance with the EU's Employment Guidelines
Local welfare policy making in European cities
Essays on economic policy. Vol. 1, Policies for full employment, The control of inflation, The problem of tax reform
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Finland's National Action Plan for Employment 2004 : in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Workers, citizens, governance : socio-cultural innovation at work
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Changing labour markets in Europe : the role of institutions and policies
Management & organisational behaviour
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Routes to a more open labour market
Employment in Europe 1993.
Design studio : how humans can work together to make sense of complex challenges
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Employee relations
The Russian revolution in retreat, 1920-24 : Soviet workers and the new Communist elite
Evidence-based healthcare & public health : a journal for health policy & management
Four cases of labour market success : Austria, Denmark, Ireland and the Netherlands
A handbook of human resource management practice
Social justice isn't what you think it is
European employment and social policy : a policy for people
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
Labor relations in Japan : fundamental characteristics
States' gains, labor's losses : China, France, and Mexico choose global liaisons, 1980-2000
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
The German workers and the Nazis
Community social policy : current status 1 January 1996
The global evolution of industrial relations : events, ideas and the IIRA
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Industrial relations and European integration
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Supporting employability guides to good practice in employment counselling and guidance
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Trade, employment and labour standards : a study of core workers' rights and international trade
Reconciling work and family responsibilities : practical ideas from global experience
Industrial relations in Africa
Environmental policy in the European Union
Experience, skill and competitiveness : the implications of an ageing population for the workplace
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Livelihood struggles and market reform : (un)making Chinese labour after state socialism
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Summary (s. 95-100).
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
From socialism to industrial unionism (IWW) : social factors in the emergence of left-labor radicalism among Finnish workers on the Mesabi 1911-1919
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Finland's National Action Plan for Employment, April 2001 : in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines
Unemployment, labour policies and health in transition : evidence from Kazakhstan
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
New policies for the part-time and contingent workforce
International labour review
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
Current employment policy paradigms in the UK, Sweden and Germany
Mothers at work : public policies in the United States, Sweden, and China
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
Tableau de bord 1996 : follow-up to the conclusions of the Essen European Council on employment policies
Social policy in the Third Reich : the working class and the "national community"
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Local management for more effective employment policies
A contribution to youth work and youth policy in Europe : report of the Belgian EU Presidency Youth 1/7/2010 – 31/12/2010
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
From social democracy to neoliberalism : the consequences of party hegemony in Spain, 1982-1996
Finland's national action plan for employment in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines, April 2000.
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Cost-benefit analysis of labor market programs : applied to a temporary program in northern Sweden
Industrial relations and European integration : trans- and supranational developments and prospects
The new accountability : environmental responsibility across borders
Labour administration in uncertain times : policy, practice and institutions
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
All or nothing : avoiding inefficient compromise in international cooperation
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
The social dimension : employment policy in the European Community
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
European Employment Observatory review
Generation jobless? : turning the youth unemployment crisis into opportunity
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Deliberative methods in local society research : the Kaposvár experiences
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
Workplace Finland - workplace Europe : research and development program
Industrial relations & politics in Britain 1880-1989
National transposition measures : situation at 1st January 1998
The development dimension or disillusion : the EU's development policy goals and the economic partnership agreements
Case Wärtsilä : flerspråkighet i arbetssituationer = monikielisyys työtilanteissa = multilingualism in work situations
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Welfare and work incentives : a North European perspective
"Drawing on case studies, this book provides a fresh understanding of democratic accountability for transboundary and global harm and argues that environmental responsibility should be established in open public discussions about harm and risk"--Provided by publisher.
Essays on current account imbalances
Restructuring in recession
New skills for new jobs : anticipating and matching labour market and skills needs
Post-work : the wages of cybernation
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Full employment : a European appeal
Skills for improved productivity, employment growth and development : fifth item on the agenda
Organized labour in the 21st century
Russia's workers in transition : labor, management, and the state under Gorbachev and Yeltsin
Partnership and modernisation in employment relations
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
European journal of social work : welfare, social services and social action
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Global environment outlook, GEO 5 : environment for the future we want
Macroeconomic effects of active labour market programmes : theoretical aspects and an econometric study
Teamwork in primary health care
Comparing policy networks : labor politics in the U.S., Germany, and Japan
Economics of labor and employment law
"The Russian revolution of 1917 was a defining event of the twentieth century, and its achievements and failures remain controversial in the twenty-first. This book focuses on the retreat from the revolution's aims in 1920-24, after the civil war and at the start of the New Economic Policy -and specifically, on the turbulent relationship between the working class and the Communist Party in those years. It is based on extensive original research of the actions and reactions of the party leadership and ranks, of dissidents and members of other parties, and of trade union activists and ordinary factory workers. It discusses workingclass collective action before, during and after the crisis of 1921, when the Bolsheviks were confronted by the revolt at the Kronshtadt naval base and other protest movements. This book argues that the working class was politically expropriated by the Bolshevik party, as democratic bodies such as soviets and factory committees were deprived of decision-making power; it examines how the new Soviet ruling class began to take shape. It shows how some worker activists concluded that the principles of 1917 had been betrayed, while others accepted a social contract, under which workers were assured of improvements in living standards in exchange for increased labour discipline and productivity, and a surrender of political power to the party" -Provided by publisher.
Tableau de bord : follow-up to the conclusions of the Essen European Council on employment policies
Coping under recession : workers in a Nigerian factory
Economic change and employment policy
Training for the new competition : applications of critical theory to industrial relations training in Kenya and Nigeria
Finland's national action plan for employment 1999 in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines, May 1999.
Industrial labor in the U.S.S.R
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
[Problems in labour politics]
Understanding unemployment : new perspectives on active labour market policies
Dual welfare : segmentation and work enforcement in the Swedish welfare system
Analyses recent reforms in labour administration and national labour policies, charting their development and discussing the challenges and opportunities faced by governments, ministries of labour, labour inspectors, employer organizations and trade unions.
Industrial relations in Europe 2006
Searching for a new system in industrial relations : proceedings of the 30th Anniversary International Symposium, Tokyo Japan 1988.
Evidence-based healthcare
Reforming worker protections: disability pensions in transformation
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Key issues in women's work : female heterogeneity and the polarisation of women's employment
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Social policy : an introduction
Abstract (1 s.).
Norden - making a difference? : possibilities for enhanced Nordic cooperation in international affairs : the Norden 2020 project report
Childcare service expansion in Chile and Mexico : for women or children or both?
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Work and employment in Europe : a new convergence?
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
The politics of climate change
The outsourcing dilemma : the search for competitiveness
Abstract.
How to reduce unemployment in Europe
The Ostrobothnian model of smart specialisation
European employment observatory : review : Spring 2002
Annual review
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
Labour migration and wages
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Gender and the European labour market
Do business subsidies facilitate employment growth?
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
The future of the welfare state. Vol. 1
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Trade unions in a neoliberal world : [British trade unions under New Labour]
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Work in America : an encyclopedia of history, policy, and society. Volume 1, A-M
Soviet workers and the collapse of perestroika : the Soviet labour process and Gorbachev's reforms, 1985-1991
On the mysteries of unemployment : causes, consequences and policies
Work in America : an encyclopedia of history, policy, and society. Volume 2, N-Z
Family support : direction from diversity
Job security provisions and the adjustment of demand for hours
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
EU employment and social policy 1999-2001 : jobs, cohesion, productivity
Working on one's own risk : a comparative study of employment in the Netherlands and Poland
Social work and child welfare politics: through Nordic lenses
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Capital, the state and labour : a global perspective
The problem of industrial relations and other lectures
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Global histories of work
Work-family arrangements in Europe
Global democracy and exclusion
Research in social problems and public policy : a research annual. Vol. 4 : 1987
Tax cuts and employment : evidence from Finnish linked employer-employee data
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Work and welfare in the new Russia
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
