http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p802 sheltered work
sheltered work
Labour law in English
Confidentiality and the law
Who should know what? : social science, privacy and ethics
Textiles for protection
The Finnish national reports to the 13. Congress of the International Academy of Comparative Law, Montréal, 19-24 August 1990
Data protection, privacy and European regulation in the digital age
Occupational costume in England : from the eleventh century to 1914
Building for the cow
Consolidation of environmental education for adults : critique of FINNIDA-funded forestry projects in Tanzania : a case study of the East Usambara catchment forest project
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2 = Part 2, Standardit = Standards
Multilevel governance in enforcement and adjudication
Protection of assets : security managements
Hanten and happi : traditional Japanese work coats: bold designs and colourful images
Social firms - new jobs for the disabled = Sosiaaliset yritykset - uusia työpaikkoja vammaisille
Respiratory and dermal exposure to creosote
Handbook of good practice in personnel assessment
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
Working environment in farm buildings : results of studies in livestock buildings and greenhouses
Use and monitoring of e-mail, Intranet, and Internet facilities at work : law and practice
Clothes for the job : catalogue of the collection in the Science Museum, [London]
Privacy in occupational health care : ethical examination
The European contracts convention : the Rome convention on the choice of law for contracts
Computer architecture and security : fundamentals of designing secure computer systems
Knitted egg cosies
Quantification of thermal responses while wearing fully encapsulating protective clothing in warm and cold environments
Introduction to contamination control and cleanroom technology
Aerial environment in uninsulated livestock buildings : release of ammonia, carbon dioxide and water vapour from deep litter and effect of solar heat load on the interior thermal environment
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2, Standardit = Standards
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 1: Säädökset : Safety in hot works. Part 1: Regulations
9th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment : 29-31 January 2008 in Spa Hotel Levitunturi, Levi, Kittilä, Finland : seminar report
The visible employee : using workplace monitoring and surveillance to protect information assets without compromising employee privacy or trust
The legal environment today : business in its ethical, regulatory, and international setting
Seminar on clothing and safety equipment in forestry : proceedings of a Seminar on Clothing and Safety Equipment in Forestry held in Kuopio, Finland June 27 - July 1, 1994.
Some notes to identify and discuss cooperation in forestry research in the East Usambara mountains
Unemployment and labour market flexibility : Finland
Knitted mug hugs
How are new media changing the working environment? : what are the challenges?
A study on the need for rehabilitation and sheltered work-shops
Doing ethical research
Social firms in Europe : some practical aspects
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
MaintWorld
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 2: Standardit : Safety in hot works. Part 2: Standards
Why do employees violate IS security policies? : insights from multiple theoretical perspectives
Functional clothing design : from sportswear to spacesuits
Clothing physiological properties of cold protective clothing and their effects on human experience
Dressed for the job : the story of occupational costume
Analysis of problems in the protection of fire fighters by personal protective equipment and clothing : development of a new turnout suit
10th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment : 26 - 28 January 2010, Saariselkä Tunturi Hotel, Lapland, Finland : seminar report
The globalization of surveillance : the origin of the securitarian order
Protective clothing and equipment for use in violent situations and in training. Part 2, Guidance on risk assessment and on the selection, use, cleaning and maintenance of protective clothing and equipment
Navigating ethical issues throughout your research project can be a confusing and daunting task. But why are ethics so important anyway? Can you anticipate or prepare for ethical dilemmas before they happen? And what can you do if they arise in your research? Doing Ethical Research offers essential advice on how to negotiate ethical considerations at each stage of your project, from the approval application to the final report write-up. In particular, the book: - examines the fundamental importance of ethical research and assessment - explores hot topics of consent, confidentiality and research relationships - includes ethical dilemmas and case studies to show how ethics affect real-life research - gives readers confidence to interpret and critically reflect upon ethical debates Each chapter is packed with examples and explanations that are designed to help readers to make their own ethical decisions.
The situation in the PPE sector in light of the revision of the PPE Directive : 11th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment, 24-26 January 2012, Santa's Hotel Tunturi, Saariselkä, Finland
Workwear : work fashion seduction
Provisions and procedures governing collective redundancies in Europe : with special emphasis on cross-border mergers
Keys to the workplace : skills and supports for people with disabilities
An application of Karpik's logics of action in analyzing the implementation of supported employment in two Wisconsin counties
"Functional Clothing Design introduces new ways to look at the human body, the environment, and clothing. It explores the ways design can achieve goals such as protecting the body, increasing health and safety, or increasing body function. Building on the groundbreaking text Clothing: The Portable Environment by co-author Susan M. Watkins, this text covers aspects of functional clothing design including: User-centered design for comfort and function in clothing; Clothing for thermal protection, impact protection, and hazardous environments; The design of wearable technology and other apparel solutions that enhance and augment body function; Commercial product development and the development of functional garmets and materials".
8th European Seminar on Personal Protective Equipment, 27-29 March 2007 in Saariselkä, Lapland, Finland : seminar report
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 12, Hitsauksen työturvallisuus = Health and safety in welding
Ergonomics of protective clothing : proceedings of Nokobetef 6 and 1st European Conference on protective clothing held in Stockholm, Sweden, May 7-10, 2000
Maintworld
Latest developments in livestock housing : seminar of the 2nd technical section of the C.I.G.R. : University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, Illinois USA June 22-26, 1987.
Seminar on Clothing and Safety Equipment in Forestry, June 27 - July 1, 1994, Kuopio, Finland : abstracts
Telecommunications law and regulation
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
Housing design for cattle : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
Woodworking for the weekend : 20 projects using reclaimed timber
The naked employee : how technology is compromising workplace privacy
Concepts of scrubbing, gowning and gloving
Protective clothing and equipment for use in violent situations and in training. Part 1, General requirements
Labour law in Finland
On the efficiency of job and income protection in the dynamic labour markets
Bathing : the body and community care
The Internet in the workplace : how new technology is transforming work
Good occupational health practice : a guide for planning and follow-up of occupational health services
Innovations in food labelling
PACS-systems and the realization of the patient data protection
Transforming disability welfare policies : towards work and equal opportunities
The evolving employment relationship and the new economy : the role of labour law and industrial relations : a report from 5 continents
Uniforms
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
