http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8033 hired armies
hired armies
The Roman army was one of the most successful fighting forces in history. Its organization and tactics were highly advanced and were never again to be equalled until the modern era. Spectacular monuments to its perseverance and engineering skill are still visible today. Including over 200 illustrations, this book fully describes these achievements and analyses several key battles, and their famous commanders. It is the first to examine in detail not just the early imperial army, but the citizen's militia of the Republic and the army of the later Empire. The unprecedented scope of Roman military success is placed in the context of ordinary soldiers' daily lives, whether spent in the quiet routine of a peaceful garrison or in arduous campaign and violent combat.
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain : PlayStation 4
The history of the French Foreign Legion : from 1831 to the present day
Shadows linger
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : Xbox 360
March or die : France and the Foreign Legion
This book addresses ambiguities of the growing use of private security contractors and provides guidance as to how our expectations about regulating this expanding "service" industry will have to be adjusted. In the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan many of those who carry weapons are not legally combatants, nor are they protected civilians. They are contracted by governments, businesses, and NGOs to provide armed security. Often mistaken as members of armed forces, they are instead part of a new protean proxy force that works alongside the military in a multitude of shifting roles, and overseen by a matrix of contracts and regulations. This book analyzes the growing industry of these private military and security companies (PMSCs) used in war zones and other high risk areas. PMSCs are the result of a unique combination of circumstances, including a change in the idea of soldiering, insurance industry analyses that require security contractors, and a need for governments to distance themselves from potentially criminal conduct. The book argues that PMSCs are a unique type of organization, combining attributes from worlds of the military, business, and humanitarian organizations. This makes them particularly resistant to oversight. The legal status of these companies and those they employ is also hard to ascertain, which weakens the multiple regulatory tools available. PMSCs fall between the cracks in ethical debates about their use, seeming to be both justifiable and objectionable. This transformation in military operations is a seemingly irreversible product of more general changes in the relationship between the individual citizen and the state. This book will be of interest to students of private security companies, war and conflict studies, security studies and IR in general--Publisher's description.
The chivalric ethos and the development of military professionalism
The French Foreign Legion : the inside story of the world-famous fighting force
From mercenaries to market : the rise and regulation of private military companies
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : PlayStation 3
Recruitment among the Yao of Nyasaland (Malawi) for British military service between 1895-1939
Law's Impunity : Responsibility and the Modern Private Military Company
The making of the world's elite forces
Privatizing war : private military and security companies under public international law
The business of war : military enterprise and military revolution in early modern Europe
Corporate soldiers and international security : the rise of private military companies
The professional soldier : a social and political portrait
The challenge of military reform in postcommunist Europe : building professional armed forces
The Routledge research companion to security outsourcing
The redeemer
Blackwater : the rise of the world's most powerful mercenary army
Medieval mercenaries. Vol. 1, The great companies
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : PlayStation 3
Inside the Foreign Legion : the sensational story of the world's toughest army
Historical reasons for the emergence of private military companies in Africa : the case of executive outcomes employment in Sierra Leone
Born fearless : from kids' home to SAS to pirate hunter : my life as a shadow warrior
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : day one edition : Xbox One
The French foreign legion : a complete history
Private security contractors and new wars : risk, law, and ethics
The complete Roman army
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : Xbox 360
The making of a legionnaire
Fighting for the french foreign legion
My life in the French foreign legion
Metal gear solid 4 : guns of the patriots : PlayStation 3
Private armies and military intervention
