http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8037 robbery
robbery
Blood's a rover
Silenced
The bitter kingdom
The Medici conspiracy : the illicit journey of looted antiquities, from Italy's tomb raiders to the world's greatest museums
Paavo Pesusieni : the movie
Crackers
Discussion of the issues surrounding the destruction of cultural property in times of conflict has become a key issue for debate around the world. This title provides an historical statement as of 1st March 2006 concerning the destruction of the cultural heritage in Iraq
The third policeman
House of thieves
The murder of Harriet Krohn
The sting
Going, going, gone : regulating the market in illicit antiquities
Inferno
Beaten by a balloon
The spirit of the laws : the plunder of wealth in the Armenian genocide
The destruction of cultural heritage in Iraq
A passage of stars
The defiant hero
Unmasking the pirates
The host
Uncommon criminals : a heist society novel
The Racketeer
Blood of the earth
Super crooks. Book one : The heist
Ruslan and Ludmila
NYPD Red 3
Exit wound
Stolen treasure : the hunt for the world's lost masterpieces
The one I left behind
The host : a novel
Monday: five-year-old Matthew Faraday is abducted. His face is splashed across newspaper front pages. His parents and the police are desperate. Can anyone help find their little boy before it is too late? Psychotherapist Frieda Klein just might know something.
Highwaymen and outlaws
The Vikings : voyagers of discovery and plunder
Antiquities under siege : cultural heritage protection after the Iraq war
The wreckers : a story of killing seas and plundered shipwrecks, from the eighteenth century to the present day
The autobiography of a thief
Super Crooks. Book one, The heist
Measures to be taken in cases of kidnapping followed by a ransom demand
Safe-cracking for students
Princess of the silver woods
Loot : tomb robbers, treasure and the great museum debate
The killing
The lives of Sacco and Vanzetti
Deck the halls
The Moonstone
Don't chew the royal shoe!
Man in the vault
The three monarchs
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
Dixie O'Day and the great diamond robbery
Before the devil knows you're dead
Murder in the dark : a Phryne Fisher mystery
The last templar. 2, The knight in the crypt
Moshi monsters pick your path : the great googenheist
Her perfect mate
Policing the crisis : mugging, the state, and the law and order
Yksin kotona 2 = Home alone 2 : lost in New York
The thief
The long and faraway gone : a novel
Heist : the true story of the world's  biggest cash robbery
Flypaper
The mugging
The Valhalla prophecy
Always a temptress
Bonnie and Clyde : the lives behind the legend
The mystery of the strange bundle
No choice but seduction
Cornish wrecking, 1700-1860 : reality and popular myth
Don't breathe
NYPD red 3
The alloy of law : a Mistborn novel
In the darkness
Pack of thieves : how Hitler and Europe plundered the Jews and committed the greatest theft in history
Payday 2 : the big score : Xbox One
Victor didn't mean to get involved. He didn't want any trouble. But when Victor heads out with his new camera, before he knows it he is witness to a crime - with the photos to prove it! Now he is being chased by criminals and they won't stop until they get his photos. Can Victor escape their clutches?
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
The lost prince
What secrets will the stolen encoder reveal? The investigation onto the museum raid continues, but it's a difficult one. One of the four 'knights' has already died in his - guarded - hospital room, and FBI Agent Reilly is unknowingly engaged in a race to find the other thieves before the mysterious assassins try to eliminate them. Meanwhile, young archaeologist Tess Chaykin is following up the Templar lead - one that the FBI considers too far-fetched to be worth looking into.
Bryant & May : the bleeding heart
Snapshot
Crimes against the person
The little old lady who broke all the rules
The dying minutes : a Daniel Jacquot novel
A bookmarked death
Dead man's time
Stormbird
The Last Panthers
On Finnish property criminality : an empirical analysis of the postwar era using an Erlich model
Ca$h'n guns : second edition
The black echo
Payday 2 : the big score : PS4
Measures against the transfer and the safekeeping of funds of criminal origin
King of the mountain : the life and death of Giuliano the Bandit
The drop
Although the popular myth of Cornish wrecking is well-known within British culture, this book is the first comprehensive, systematic inquiry to separate out the layers of myth from the actual practices. Weaving in legal, social and cultural history, it traces the development of wreck law - the right to salvage goods washed on shore - and explores the responses of a coastal populace who found their customary practices increasingly outside the law, especially as local individual rights were being curtailed and the role of centralised authority asserted. This groundbreaking study also considers the myths surrounding wrecking, showing how these developed over time, and how moral attitudes towards wrecking changed. Overall, the picture of evil wreckers deliberately luring ships onto the rocks is dispelled, to be replaced by a detailed picture of a coastal populace - poor and gentry alike - who were involved in a multi-faceted, sophisticated coastal practice and who had their own complex popular beliefs about the harvest and salvage of goods washing ashore from shipwreck. --Publisher's description.
The little old lady who struck lucky again!
Ghostman
Robbery for rascals
Fractured
The highway rat
Monuments men : allied heros, Nazi thieves, and the greatest treasure hunt in history
A note on Finnish property criminality
The resistance man
The last templar. 1, The encoder
