http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8036 geologists
geologists
A contribution to the further investigation of McKenzie's rifting model
The earth : an introduction to physical geology
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Gravity tectonics and folding around a basic volcanic centre in the Kumlinge area, SW Finland
Physical geology : principles, processes and problems
Namibia--fascination of geology : a travel handbook
The geology of the Biskopso / Vanoxa area
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
The geology of the Korpo synform, Korpo island,  Gulkrona region, S. W. Finland
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Genesis and emplacement of carbonatites and lamprophyres in the Svecofennian Domain
Some garnet-cordierite-biotite rocks from Kemiö island
Understanding the earth : a reader in the earth sciences
Older than America
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
The city of Helsinki was founded in 1550 at the mouth of the River Vantaanjoki on the Gulf of Finland. There is a clearly distinguishable overgrown river bed located to the west of the present channel which would seem far too large for the minor stream flowing through it nowadays. The aim here was to determine whether this stream and its valley do in fact represent an ancient channel of the larger river, for how long this channel functioned and how and when it ceased to do so. The problem was approached by means of morphological surveys, corings, stratigraphic analyses and radiocarbon datings.It may be concluded from the shoreline displacement data and the topography of the area that the threshold of the ancient channel emerged from beneath the sea around 4500 BP (5100 cal. BP). Subsequently two shallow lakes developed at approximately the same altitude around 4000-3500 BP (4500-3800 cal. BP), later drying up as the thresholds that retained them were eroded away. A channel some 50-70 m broad, 5-8 m deep and 8 km in length was created in the valley of the River. The channel began to fill rapidly with fluvial sediment around 2200 BP (2200 cal. BP), however, once the present course of the river was opened up over a low glaciofluvial ridge which had previously restrained its waters in the east. As the new channel gained in depth, the flow in the old one came to an end around 2000 BP (1900 cal. BP), by which time substantial quantities of fluvial sediment had accumulated in it.
Guide-book of the geological excursion in Karelia : International Conference on Tectonics of the Eastern Baltic shield (July, 1971)
Journey to the center of the earth
Petrology and mineralogy of selected pegmatites of the Kimito peninsula, SW-Finland. Part 1, Phenomenology and interpretation of pegmatites
Geological and operational summary : North Aleutian Shelf. COST No. 1, Well, Bering Sea, Alaska
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
Diary of a lake : an intimate description of th natural history of Glacier Lake and the Cirque of the Unclimbables, in the words of scientists who were among the area's first pioneers : with a foreword by David Raup
Geology of Minnesota : a centennial volume
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
The dynamic earth : an introduction to physical geology
The company I kept : the autobiography of a geologist
Geological Society of America bulletin
Geochemical baselines in the assessment of soil contamination in Finland
Applications of lithogeochemistry in the search for proterozoic porphyry-type molybdenum, copper and gold deposits, southern Finland
Science and Russian culture in an age of revolutions : V. I. Vernadsky and his scientific school, 1863-1945
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Fennoscandian land uplift : proceedings of a symposium at Tvärminne, April 10-11, 1986, arranged by the Finnish National Committee for Quaternary Research
Murchison in Moray : a geologist on home ground : with the correspondence of Roderick Impey Murchison and the Rev. Dr. George Gordon of Birnie
Iceland : a dynamic country
Komatiite-hosted Ni-Cu-PGE deposits in Finland : their characterization, PGE content, and petrogenesis
To the waters and the wild : petroleum geology 1918 to 1941
Structural analysis of the Branten / Vestlax area
The mountains of Saint Francis : discovering the geologic events that shaped our earth
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
The man who found time : James Hutton and the discovery of the earth`s antiquity
Walter Alvarez and his team made one of the most astonishing scientific discoveries of the twentieth century--that an asteroid smashed into the earth 65 million years ago, exterminating the dinosaurs. Alvarez had the first glimmer of that amazing insight when he noticed something odd in a rock outcrop in central Italy. Alvarez now returns to that rich terrain, this time to take the reader on an excavation of the earth's distant past. We encounter the volcanoes that formed the Seven Hills of Rome; majestic limestone mountains that formed millions of years ago under water; and the evidence that the Mediterranean Sea completely evaporated to a sunken desert, perhaps several times, and that continental plates once overran one another to form the Alps. In Alvarez's telling, all major geologic episodes are as dramatic as the great impact that killed the dinosaurs, even when they happen over eons and without huge creatures to witness them.--From publisher description.
Origins and development of the ancient outflow channel of the river Vantaanjoki, southern Finland, as indicated by fluvial sediments
Guidebook of the excursion in Karelia : symposium Correlation of the Precambrian, Petrozavodsk, August 24-31, 1975
Petrography, mineral chemistry and petrochemistry of granite porphyry dykes from Sibbo, southern Finland
Journal of glaciology
Grit and clay
Horst von Bandat, a hungarian geologist in Western New Guinea
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
The earth sciences in the Republic of Lithuania 1996-2000 = Geomokslai Lietuvos respublikoje 1996-2000
The map that changed the world : the tale of William Smith and the birth of a science
Preliminary report 1961-1962
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
Cambridge guide to stars and planets
Geostatistics for environmental scientists
The geology of the Vestlax area
Origin and paleoclimatic significance of large-scale patterned ground in the Donnelly Dome Area, Alaska
Bulletin of the Geological Society of Finland
Journal of sedimentary research
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Exercises in physical geology
Lake Lappajärvi, a meteorite impact site in western Finland
Geology and environment in Britain and Ireland
Distribution of nickel in the Koirusvesi intrusion, Leppävirta, Central Finland
Isotopic fingerprints in surficial waters : stable isotope methods applied in hydrogeological studies
Environmental geology
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Geophysical signatures of mineral deposit types in Finland
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
Past, present and future : assessing changes in aquatic environments using subfossil diatoms
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised north
Marine geology of the Gulf of California; : a symposium
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Geology and religion : a history of harmony and hostility
Barents tour for geotourists = Geomatkailijan Barentsin kierros = Barenc tur dlâ geoturistov = Rundtur i Barents for geoturisten
Linnaeus : the man and his work
Mineralogical magazine : a journal of mineral sciences
Report on the geology of the Pedersa area
Elements : an international magazine of mineralogy, geochemistry, and petrology
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Structural analysis of some key areas on Kemiö island
Rugged landscape : the geology of central New Zealand including Wellington, Wairarapa, Manawatu and the Marlborough Sounds
".... a lifelong love affair" : the memoirs of Lewis G. Weeks
The geology of the Kurkela area
Geological, volcanological and hydrogeological controls on the occurrence of geothermal activity in the area surrounding Lake Naivasha, Kenya
Outlines of the geology of Gomera (Canary Islands) : in relation to its surface and forms
Georelief, its origin and development in the coastal area between Pori and Uusikaupunki, south-western Finland
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Deep fractures in the Paanajärvi-Kuusamo-Kuolajärvi area : proceedings of a Finnish-Soviet symposium in Finland on September 18-21, 1989
The structural and tectonic history of India
Holocene varved lake sediments as records of palaeoenvironmental change and geomagnetic palaeosecular variation in eastern Finland
Metamorphism as an indicator of evolution and structure of the crust in eastern Finland
The geology of Howard and Montgomery counties
Diatom research : the journal of the International Society for Diatom Research
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Environmental geology and water sciences
Metamorphism of carbonate and calc-silicate rocks of the Kemiö region
Occurrence of unfrozen ground in Finland
Proterozoic lithostratigraphy and sedimentation of Sariola and Jatuli-type rocks in the Nunnanlahti-Koli-Kaltimo area, eastern Finland : implications for regional basin evolution models
Introduction to geology
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Early Silurian chitinozoans of Estonia and North Latvia
Geology : a survey of earth science
2nd Finnish National Colloquium of Geosciences : 3.-5.32015 : program and abstracts
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Geology of Mongolia : a reconnaissance report based on the investigations of the years 1922-1923
Whatever is under the earth : the Geological Society of London 1807-2007
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
A palynological investigation of a peat deposit near Banchory : some local and regional environmental implications
Atlantis : in the light of modern research
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
The geological drama : the formation of the continents and the advance of life
Glacial geology : ice sheets and landforms
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
Geology of the Baltic Sea
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Contributions to the geology of Tenerife (Canary Islands)
Physical geography
The physical geology and geography of Great Britain: a manual of British geology
Program and abstracts of the 9th National Geological Colloquium, Oulu, 6th -8th March 2013
The geology of the Lemnäs area
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Combining geodiversity with climate and topography to account for threatened species richness
Language of the Earth
The Sottunga-Jurmo shear zone : structure and deformation history of a crustal-scale ductile shear zone in SW Finland
The metallogeny of Finland
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Late-glacial and post-glacial development of the valleys of the Oulanka river basin, north-eastern Finland
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
Instructor's manual and test bank to accompany physical geology : Exploring the earth
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Origin of Jurassic Vestfjella flood basalts, Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Communicating environmental geoscience
Estonian geological sections
The crowns, spiders and stars of Venus : characterization and assessment of the geological settings of volcano-tectonic structures on Venus
Testate amoebae (thecamoebians) as indicators of aquatic mine impact
Relationship of granitoids, structures and metamorphism at the eastern margin of the Central Finland Granitoid Complex
Journal of sedimentary research. A, Sedimentary petrology and proceses
Metamorphic aspects of metagabbros and metatonalites from NW-Kemiö, SW-Finland
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Geology of the Espanola-Whitefish Falls Area, District of Sudbury, Ontario
On the Archean high-grade metamorphic rocks in the Varpaisjärvi area, Central Finland
Progressive metamorphism of the metapelites in the Rantasalmi-Sukeva area, southeastern Finland
David Dale Owen : pioneer geologist of the Middle West
The geology of the Särkisalo area
GSA today : a publication of the Geological Society of America
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Record of the rocks : the geological story of Eastern North America
The prehistory of Suomussalmi, eastern Finland : the first billion years as revealed by isotopes and the composition of granitoid suites
The roadside geology of Namibia
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Jakob Johannes Sederholm : biographic notes and bibliography
Journal of sedimentary research. B, Stratigraphy and global studies
Geology of Korea
A manual of the geology of India and Burma. Vol. 1
Relationships between ice-sheet dynamics and bedrock relief on dissected plateau areas in Finnish Lapland north of 69 ̊latitude
The Mesoproterozoic Hallandian event : a region-scale orogenic event in the Fennoscandian Shield
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
Basics of environmental science
Sir Charles Lyell : interpreter of the principles of geology
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Utilisation of high temperature water in the purification of water and soil
Stepping-stones : the reminiscences of a woman geologist in the twentieth century
Geochemistry and origin of synkinematic intrusives of central Kemiö, SW Finland
The role of impact processes in the geological and biological evolution of planet earth: abstracts, geology of West Slovenia, field guide
Coastal lagoons in Estonia and in the Central Baltic Sea region : development history, geology and hydrology, biodiversity and nature conservation value
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
The sedimentology, ichnology and hydrogeochemistry of the late Miocene, marginal marine, upper Pebas and Nauta Formations, Amazonian foreland basin, Peru
Postglacial deformation of the Fennoscandian crust
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Petrology and mineralogy of selected pegmatites of the Kimito peninsula, SW-Finland. Part 2, Geology and petrology of selected pegmatites of the area between Lemnästräsket and Mattkärr
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Precambrian evolution of the northern Baltic Shield as exemplified by structural and geochronological studies in southern Lapland
Urbanised nature in the past : site formation and environmental developement in two Swedish towns, AD 1200-1800
Studies in the post-Silurian thrust region of Jämtland
Numerical lithospheric modelling : rheology, stress and deformation in the central Fennoscandian Shield
Otto Trüstedt Symposium in Finland on June 3-5, 1985
Precambrian ore deposits of the East European and Siberian cratons
Physical geology : with interactive plate tectonics CD-ROM
Petrology and geochemical and trace-element analysis of the Västlax-Branten area
New contributions to the geology of Grand Canary (Gran Canaria, Canary Islands)
Application of satellite remote-sensing methods for hydrogeology in the ESCWA region
American journal of science
