http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8039 captures
captures
The girl in 6E
Someone is willing to kill a woman for helping couples have children - and Ellie must protect her. Perfect Child is a company specialised in medically assisted procreation - for extremely wealthy customers. An activity that isn't to everyone's taste, a fact that the CEO, Ava Troy, knows full well - she's received the treats to prove it. Enter Ellie Braxton, assigned as Ava's bodyguard. Unfortunately, Ellie isn't doing too well. Her teammate and mentor, Walt, is still in a coma, and she's having many doubts about her life choices. But can she really afford such a luxury?
The child thief
The hunted
Lily and the prisoner of magic
Finding me : a decade of darkness, a life reclaimed : a memoir of the Cleveland kidnappings
The winter foundlings
The dark heroine : dinner with a vampire
Baby Doll
Vanishing acts
Why don't you come for me?
Thirty girls
Hunted
Kidnap for ransom : resolving the unthinkable
When beautiful serial killer Gretchen Lowell captured her last victim - the very detective who was trying to hunt her down - she quickly established who was really in control of the investigation. So why, after 10 days of horrifying physical and mental torture, did she release Detective Archie Sheridan and hand herself in?
Dark corners
Screams in the dark
Someone else's child
The hidden man
Trouble makes a comeback
Bodyguards
100 days in the jungle
Clash of the empires : The battle for Asia
The stolen child : a novel
Blood loss
Fortunately, the milk
The Templar salvation
Robert B. Parker's Fool me twice : a Jesse Stone mystery
The comedy is finished
The vanishing point
The innocent
The noise of time
The toy taker
The Reaver
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
The child's secret
Air bound : a Sea Haven novel
Kill and tell
"Throughout the late 1970s and early '80s, dozens of Japanese citizens were abducted from coastal Japanese towns by North Korean commandos. In what proved to be part of a global project, North Korea attempted to reeducate the abductees and train them to spy on the state's behalf. When the project faltered, the abductees were hidden in a series of guarded communities known as "Invitation-Only Zones"--the fiction being that these were exclusive enclaves, not prisons. In 2002, Kim Jong Il admitted to kidnapping thirteen Japanese citizens and returned five of them (the other eight, he said, had died). From the moment that Robert S. Boynton first saw a photograph of these men and women, he became obsessed with the window their story provided into the vexed politics of Northeast Asia. In The Invitation-Only Zone, he untangles the logic behind the kidnappings and shows why some Japanese citizens described them as "their 9/11." He tells the story of how dozens were abducted and reeducated; how they married and had children; and how they lived anonymously as North Korean citizens. He speaks with nationalists, diplomats, abductees, and even crab fishermen, unearthing the bizarre North Korean propaganda tactics and the peculiar cultural interests of both counties.  A deeply reported, thoroughly researched treatise on the power struggle of one of the most important areas in the global economy, Boynton's keen investigation is riveting and revelatory"--
Sephy's story
Heartsick
The Lindbergh child
After abduction
Five get into trouble
Scream for me
You can't eat a princess!
The boy in the shadows
The league of unexceptional children
The invitation-only zone : the true story of North Korea's abduction project
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Heir to Sevenwaters
Doug : the bug that went boing!
Don't turn around
A long walk home : one woman's story of kidnap, hostage, loss and survival
Strong women
The great Shelby Holmes : girl detective
The house of dolls
The jackdaw
The wrong Pong
Schroder : a novel
Oil on Water
The doll : a novel
The name of this book is secret
Seven wild sisters : a modern fairy tale
The other son
Detective McWoof and the great poodle doodler mystery
Mean streak
Bayonets along the border
Elementary, my dear Clifton
Python adventure
Chain of events
Delicious Foods : a novel
The thicket
The wrong girl
The corn maiden and other nightmares
Lake country
Stealing people
After the end
The natural way of things
Android in the attic
Never apologise, never explain
The October list : a novel in reverse
Carve the mark
In a tense and riveting narrative, The ISIS Hostage details freelance photographer Daniel Rye's thirteen-month ordeal at the hands of Islamic State after he was captured in Syria and the misery inflicted upon him, and nineteen other hostages, by the British guards, which included Jihadi John. This compelling account also follows Daniel's family and the nerve-wracking negotiations with his kidnappers. It traces their horrifying journey through impossible dilemmas and offers a rare glimpse into the secret world of the investigation launched to locate and free not only Daniel, but also the American freelance journalist and fellow hostage James Foley. Written with Daniel's full cooperation and based on interviews with former fellow prisoners, jihadists and key figures who worked behind the scenes to secure his release, The ISIS Hostage reveals for the first time the torment suffered by the captives and tells a moving and terrifying story of friendship, torture and survival.
Dinner with a vampire
Seven for a secret
The good girl
Catnapped! : a dead-end job mystery
Robert Ludlum's the Geneva strategy : a covert-one novel
Penguin pandemonium : the rescue
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
A stranger in the family
Eros and Thanatos
The pirate lord
The unlikely adventures of Mabel Jones
The son
Perfect child
Lowball : a mosaic novel
Two little girls in blue
The coronation : the further adventures of Erast Fandorin
The couple next door
The circus
The ragged heiress
In love and war
The edge of normal
Raiders of the Nile : a novel of the ancient world
Pretty is
First day on earth
Sharp objects : a novel
Master Money the millionaire
The good son
The husband
A little girl is missing. Her parents are hiding something. Who will pay the price? When Jasmine Peterson goes missing, the police want to know everything. They want to know why the local park keeper, Sam McIntyre, went out of his way to befriend an eight-year-old girl. They want to know why Sam became so involved in Jasmine's family. They want to know what's concealed in Sam's past. But the police don't know the secret that Jasmine's parents are hiding, and as the time ticks away, the unstoppable chain of events that has been set in motion is hurtling towards a tragic conclusion. The question is: who will pay the price?
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
The chosen seed
Blood runs cold
The Isis hostage : one man's true story of 13 months in captivity
Long man : a novel
