http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8035 mercenaries
mercenaries hired soldiers
Historical reasons for the emergence of private military companies in Africa : the case of executive outcomes employment in Sierra Leone
The free
Six degrees of devastation
The expendables. 2 : back for war
Mercenaries in Medieval and Renaissance Europe
Black Lagoon. 008
My life in the French foreign legion
The expendables
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain : PlayStation 4
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 6, Lanterns for the dead
Destiny's star
Aralorn : Masques and wolfsbane
Battle chasers
The first rule : a Joe Pike novel
By the sword
Brothers in arms
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
The corporal's wife
The expendables 2 : back for war
Tales of the Black Feather Three and their exploits abound far and wide, and Wydrin of Crosshaven, Lord Aaron Frith and Sir Sebastian have become sell swords in demand. Having foiled powerful mages and evil magic, they now face a challenge unlike any before - in the form of Wydrin's mother. Devinia the Red, notorious pirate and captain of the Poison Chalice, is intent on finding the fabled treasure hidden within the jungles of the cursed island of Euriale. She needs the skills of her daughter Wydrin and her companions to get there, and our heroes cannot resist the lure of coin and adventure. But no explorer has returned from the heart of the island, and it's not long before the Three find themselves in the clutches of peril. Deep within the island of the gods, there are remnants of forces best left undisturbed...
Black Lagoon. 004
Metal gear solid 4 : guns of the patriots : PlayStation 3
Black Lagoon. 007
Cats in the cradle
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
The expendables 3
Deadpool Vs. Carnage
Avoid being a ninja warrior!
Tuscany, 1358: Thomas Blackstone has built a formidable reputation in exile, fighting as a mercenary amid the ceaseless internecine warring of Italy's City States. Success has bred many enemies, who will seize any opportunity to destroy the man they cannot overcome on the field. When a dying man delivers a message recalling Blackstone to England, it seems almost certain to be a trap. Yet Blackstone cannot decline - the summons is apparently from the Queen. Blackstone will brave the terrors of the High Alps in winter, face the Black Prince in tournament in Windsor, confront the bloody anarchy of a popular revolt in northern France and submit to trial by combat. And every step of the way, he will be shadowed by a notorious assassin, a killer who has been instructed to inflict the maximum pain on his target before he despatches him to hell.
The knives of Kush
Metal gear solid : HD collection : tactical espionage action : PS3
The A-team : extended cut
Unhinged
Dungeons & Dragons. 2 : First encounters
Mercenaries : soldiers of fortune
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : Xbox 360
Dungeons & Dragons. 3 : Down
Soldiers of fortune : Swedish and Danish volunteers in the Estonian Civil War, 1918-1920
The warlord of Mars
The making of a legionnaire
The losers
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 27, Battle's eve
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : day one edition : Xbox One
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : PS4
Mercenaries and paid men : the mercenary identity in the Middle Ages : proceedings of a conference held at University of Wales, Swansea, 7th-9th July 2005
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : PlayStation 3
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : Xbox 360
Sergio Aragonés' Groo : The hogs of horder
Grand Kingdom : PlayStation 4
War by contract : human rights, humanitarian law, and private contractors
The Afrika reich
Dungeons & Dragons. 1 : Shadowplague
Freebooters must die! : the life and death of William Walker, the most notorious filibuster of the nineteenth century
Big boy rules : America's mercenaries fighting in Iraq
Deadpool
Shadows linger
Scent of magic
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : day one edition : Xbox One
”In a perfect world we don’t need them or want them – but the world isn’t perfect” : the United Nations and the private arms
In medieval and Renaissance Europe, mercenaries--professional soldiers who fought for money or other rewards--played violent, colorful, international roles in warfare. Intended as an introduction to the subject and drawing heavily on contemporary first-person accounts, this book creates a vivid but balanced mosaic of mercenaries who were hired to fight for various employers.
Survival of the dead
Best served cold
Mercenaries : the history of a norm in international relations
The hounds of hell
Mercenaries were a significant factor in many of the wars of the Classical world, being employed in large numbers by several states. By far the most famous were Xenophon's 'Ten Thousand', who had to cut their way out of the Persian Empire after the death of their employer and such Greek infantry were for long the most dominant type (even a Spartan king hiring himself out in one case), but there was a wide variety of mercenaries available. Some, such as Celts and Thracians were hired largely for their love of fighting, while others were valued for their specialist skills, such as Cretan archers or slingers from Rhodes or the Balearic Islands. Stephen English examines the role of the mercenaries and their influence on the wars of the period down to the death of Alexander the Great, who employed them and why. He also looks at the social and economic pressures that drove tens of thousands to make a living of fighting for the highest bidder, despite the intense dangers of the ancient battlefield.
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : PS3
Born fearless : from kids' home to SAS to pirate hunter : my life as a shadow warrior
The reptile brain
Black Lagoon. 002
The professional soldier : a social and political portrait
The Ill made knight
The whistleblower : sex trafficking, military contractors, and one woman's fight for justice
Magic breaks
The dogs of war
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : PlayStation 3
The black path
John Hawkwood : an English mercenary in fourteenth-century Italy
The hard way
The silver tide
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : day one edition : PS4
The first rule
Gate of the dead
Adventuring through Spanish colonies : Simon Bolivar, foreign mercenaries and the birth of new nations
Mercenaries in the classical world : to the death of Alexander
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : Xbox 360.
Taste of darkness
Recruitment among the Yao of Nyasaland (Malawi) for British military service between 1895-1939
Babylon A.D
The devil's tomb
Altered carbon
Black Lagoon. 006
Black Lagoon. 001
Licensed to kill : hired guns in the war on terror
Jade sky : a Matt Rowley novel
A-team. season one
Black Lagoon. 005
Black Lagoon. 003
Military migration and state formation : the British military community in seventeenth-century Sweden
Fighting for the french foreign legion
