http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8038 kidnappings
kidnappings abductions
Life of crime
Hope : a memoir of survival in Cleveland
Hunt the jackal
The bitter kingdom
Time of death
Perfect days
Missing children : rhetoric and reality
Someone else's child
Finding me : a decade of darkness, a life reclaimed : a memoir of the Cleveland kidnappings
Mr Birdsnest and the house next door
The husband
The secret of the storm cloud
The defence
Only to die again
The house of dolls
The stuff of legend. Omnibus two
Knochenbrücken = Bridges of bones = Luusillat
Strangeness and charm
Shatter the bones
Elisa, a fugitive in her own kingdom, faces great challenges to rescue the man she loves from her enemies, prevent a civil war, and take back her throne but as her magic grows, Elisa discovers the shocking truth about her enemy's ultimate goal.
Inferno
Bleeding hearts
The treatment
A passage of stars
Heartstopper : a novel
Undercover
"Throughout the late 1970s and early '80s, dozens of Japanese citizens were abducted from coastal Japanese towns by North Korean commandos. In what proved to be part of a global project, North Korea attempted to reeducate the abductees and train them to spy on the state's behalf. When the project faltered, the abductees were hidden in a series of guarded communities known as "Invitation-Only Zones"--the fiction being that these were exclusive enclaves, not prisons. In 2002, Kim Jong Il admitted to kidnapping thirteen Japanese citizens and returned five of them (the other eight, he said, had died). From the moment that Robert S. Boynton first saw a photograph of these men and women, he became obsessed with the window their story provided into the vexed politics of Northeast Asia. In The Invitation-Only Zone, he untangles the logic behind the kidnappings and shows why some Japanese citizens described them as "their 9/11." He tells the story of how dozens were abducted and reeducated; how they married and had children; and how they lived anonymously as North Korean citizens. He speaks with nationalists, diplomats, abductees, and even crab fishermen, unearthing the bizarre North Korean propaganda tactics and the peculiar cultural interests of both counties.  A deeply reported, thoroughly researched treatise on the power struggle of one of the most important areas in the global economy, Boynton's keen investigation is riveting and revelatory"--
The defiant hero
Kori Daniels is a shadow-walker, able to travel instantly from one shadow to another. After weeks of confinement for betraying her boss, she's ready to break free of the Tower syndicate for good. But Jake Tower has one final job for Kori, one chance to secure freedom for herself and her sister, Kenley, even if it means taking it from someone else. The job? Recruit Ian Holt - or kill him. Ian's ability to manipulate the dark has drawn interest from every syndicate in the world, most notably an invitation from Jake Tower. Though he has no interest in organized crime, Ian accepts the invite, because he's on a mission of his own. Ian has come to kill Tower's top Binder: Kori's little sister. Amid the tangle of lies, an unexpected thread of truth connecting Ian and Kori comes to light. But with opposing goals, they'll have to choose between love and liberty.
The silver blade
Game theory
Adventure time. The flip side
The boys who saved the world
The dangerous days of Daniel X
Kidnap for ransom : resolving the unthinkable
Under the skin
No second chance
Heroine of the desert
Blood of the earth
Don't look back
Ashes of honor : an October Daye novel
Missing, believed crazy
A most dangerous profession
NYPD Red 3
The one I left behind
Robert Ludlum's the Janson option
Private down under
When Parker Banks moves with his family from London to New York, he struggles to adapt to his new school and environment. His scientist dad is constantly at work on a top-secret technological venture for a major corporation, when one day he is kidnapped. It is up to Parker, along with his deaf sister Emma, their friend Michael and the pet pig their father left behind, to find and rescue him.
Monday: five-year-old Matthew Faraday is abducted. His face is splashed across newspaper front pages. His parents and the police are desperate. Can anyone help find their little boy before it is too late? Psychotherapist Frieda Klein just might know something.
The stuff of legend. Omnibus one
The last  10 seconds
The last 10 seconds
The catch : a novel
My name is Mahtob
A long walk home : one woman's story of kidnap, hostage, loss and survival
Shadow bound
Vanishing acts
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first! Mr Karasuma gives the 3-E students super-powered uniforms... with great results. What feats can they perform in their snazzy new outfits? Then Mr Karasuma gives Ms Vitch a bouquet for her birthday ... with disastrous results. Next, a 3-E teacher is kidnapped by master assassin the Grim Reaper, who threatens to kill his hostage if the students tell anyone. Their rescue attempt goes horribly awry, and soon they are the ones in need of rescuing! But at what cost to the world?
The abyss surrounds us
The black diamond detective agency : containing mayhem, mystery, romance, mine shafts, bullets
Flying too high
Ransom my heart
The legend of Zelda : the wind waker HD : Wii U.
The abduction
Shooting star
Blood and rubles : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Deck the halls
The Templeton twins have an idea
Before it's too late
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
What the duke desires
This dark road to mercy
Musa The Warrior
Murder in the dark : a Phryne Fisher mystery
An untamed state
Her perfect mate
The Rithmatist
A stranger is watching
The honorary consul
Death in summer
Fever city : a thriller
The pure in heart : a Simon Serrailler crime novel
Peter Maguire has been kidnapped in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. He does not know where he is or what is going to happen to him. The journalist is filled with fear and, as the days go by, this dread of the unknown is shot through with remorse for the mistakes of his past. Peter's mother Nina comes to Somalia to wait for her son's release. His plight forces her to relive another trauma - the fatal shooting in Liberia of Shaun Ridge, a young photographer she once loved, and Peter's real father. Abdi, a Somali teenager working with Peter's captors strikes a tenuous friendship with the prisoner based on a shared feeling of captivity. He decides to help Peter escape. Together they set off into the barren vastness of a land filled with danger. Three people must journey into one of the world's most dangerous places, the human mind, to answer the question: are we ever truly free?
Thirty girls
Always a temptress
Assassination classroom. 12. Time for the grim reaper
No choice but seduction
NYPD red 3
The silvered
The alloy of law : a Mistborn novel
Kill Alex Cross
Stealing people
Cat among the pigeons
A bookmarked death
The African equation
Getting home
Noughts & crosses : the graphic novel adaptation
Robert B. Parker's Blind spot : a Jesse Stone novel
Blotto, Twinks and the rodents of the Riviera
Secret slave : kidnapped and abused for 13 years : this is my story of survival
The obsidian chamber
Land of the living
Green-eyed demon
Death at Victoria dock
The invitation-only zone : the true story of North Korea's abduction project
Fractured
Age of blood
More than you say
News of a kidnapping
Murder in the dark
A Stranger is watching
After a harrowing otherworldly confrontation on the shores of Exmouth, Massachusetts, Special Agent A.X.L. Pendergast is missing, presumed dead. Sick with grief, Pendergast's ward, Constance, retreats to her chambers beneath the family mansion at 891 Riverside Drive only to be taken captive by a shadowy figure from the past. Proctor, Pendergast's longtime bodyguard, springs to action, chasing Constance's kidnapper through cities, across oceans, and into wastelands unknown. And by the time Proctor discovers the truth, a terrifying engine has stirred and it may already be too late.
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
The risk of darkness : a Simon Serrailler crime novel
For Cassandra Leung, bossing around sea monsters is just the family business. She's been a Reckoner trainer-in-training ever since she could walk, raising the giant, genetically engineered beasts to defend ships as they cross the pirate-infested NeoPacific. But when the pirate queen Santa Elena swoops in on Cas's first solo mission and snatches her from the bloodstained decks, Cas's dream of being a full-time trainer seems dead in the water. Waiting for her on the pirate ship is an unhatched Reckoner pup. Santa Elena wants to take back the seas with a monster of her own, and she needs a proper trainer to do it. She orders Cas to raise the pup and teach him to fight for the pirates. If Cas fails, her blood will be the next to paint the sea.
Hailey's war
