http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8030 choice of subjects
choice of subjects
Why choose physics - in Norway and Finland?
The Farm to table cookbook : the art of eating locally
Effects of 17α-ethinyl estradiol on the mating system of the sand goby (Pomatoschistus minutus)
Youth : similarities, differences, inequalities
Pre-invasion history and demography shape the genetic variation in the insecticide resistance-related acetylcholinesterase 2 gene in the invasive Colorado potato beetle
Gender and the politics of the curriculum
Moose Alces alces bite diameter selection in relation to twig quality on four phenotypes of Scots pine Pinus sylvestris
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
The development and role of task motivation and task values during different phases of the school career
Ninth grade students generating interest in physics and chemistry : an interpretive study of students' discourse in a science class
Theory of addiction
Materials selection in mechanical design : appendix c : materials and process selection charts
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
The philosophy of food
Current possibilities of breeding to influence milk composition from the viewpoint of human nutrition and health
Proposal for a selection of national priority substances : fulfilling the requirements set by the Dangerous Substances Directive (76/464/EEC) and the Water Framework Directive (2000/60/EC)
An analysis of the selection and evaluation of suppliers in low-cost countries
Food facts
Addiction : a disorder of choice
In a book sure to inspire controversy, Gene Heyman argues that conventional wisdom about addiction - that it is a disease, a compulsion beyond conscious control - is wrong. Drawing on psychiatric epidemiology, addicts' autobiographies, treatment studies, and advances in behavioral economics, Heyman makes a powerful case that addiction is voluntary. He shows that drug use, like all choices, is influenced by preferences and goals. But just as there are successful dieters, there are successful ex-addicts. In fact, addiction is the psychiatric disorder with the highest rate of recovery. But what ends an addiction? At the heart of Heyman's analysis is a startling view of choice and motivation that applies to all choices, not just the choice to use drugs. The conditions that promote quitting a drug addiction include new information, cultural values, and, of course, the costs and benefits of further drug use. Most of us avoid becoming drug dependent, not because we are especially rational, but because we loathe the idea of being an addict. Heyman's analysis of well-established but frequently ignored research leads to unexpected insights into how we make choices - from obesity to McMansionization - all rooted in our deep-seated tendency to consume too much of whatever we like best. As wealth increases and technology advances, the dilemma posed by addictive drugs spreads to new products. However, this remarkable and radical book points to a solution. If drug addicts typically beat addiction, then non-addicts can learn to control their natural tendency to take too much.
Understanding human drug conjugating enzymes : regio- and stereoselectivity in sulfotransferase 1A3 and the UDP-glucuronosyltransferases
Proposal for environmental water quality standards in Finland
Nutrient intake and food choice during a child-targeted coronary heart disease prevention trial : the STRIP project
Subject choices of students
Summary.
Understanding human drug conjugating enzymes; regio- and stereoselectivity in sulfotransferase 1A3 and the UDP-glucuronosyltransferases
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Consumers and the conceptual and practical appropriation of functional foods
Materials selection in mechanical design
Prediction of material properties based on non-destructive Barkhausen noise measurement
