http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8041 admirers
admirers fans
While fans used to be seen as an overly obsessed fringe audience, shifts in technology and production in the last few decades have made fandom a central mode of media consumption. An abundance of theorists have emerged in parallel to explore this phenomenon, many specializing in particular kinds of fan research. Although the volume will not address sports fandom, it will aim to include insights from research linked to many other kinds of media, including television and popular music fandom. With a foreword by Matt Hills, Understanding Fandom introduces the whole field of fan studies by looking at the history of debate, key paradigms and methodogical issues. The emphasis will be on showing how fan studies is an emergent interdisciplinary field with its own key scholars and a tradition that is distinct from both textual analysis and reception studies. It draws together a range of debates from media studies, cultural studies and psychology to argue that fandom is particular kind of an engagement with the power relations of media culture.
Music, markets and consumption
Jane Austen's cults and cultures
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
Wilbie finds a friend
"Everything is possible in fan fiction" : the thrill of rewriting and reading according to Finnish fan fiction buffs
Fandemonium! : The Book of fan cults & dance crazes
Beloved magical creatures : conflicts of romance in Harry Potter fan fiction
Chocolat. 1 / [translation Sunny Kim]
Narrators̕ voices in young girls speaking about fandom of the Spice Girls
iPod, therefore I am
Private scandals
Fanning the flames : fans and consumer culture in contemporary Japan
Treffit Drewn kanssa
Understanding fandom : an introduction to the study of media fan culture
Narrative in creative brands
Too fast for love : heavy metal portraits
When competition is brough into play : how users can share what they have generated
The Ashgate research companion to fan cultures
Letters from Skye : a novel
Tramps like us : music & meaning among Springsteen fans
Not dead yet
The democratic genre : fan fiction in a literary context
Around the world with Justin Bieber : true stories from Beliebers everywhere
"Why do women follow sports? How do they participate from the sidelines and what is the significance of this contribution? What can female fandom tell us about gender relations in sport? This book explores these and related questions by bringing together the varied strands of research being conducted internationally across the social sciences and humanities on this emerging and topical field. While sports spectatorship is a popular and well-respected site of analysis, no book-length, scholarly contribution documents womens experiences of sports fandom. For this reason, there is an obvious need for a book that offers researchers, students and non-professional readers an authoritative introduction to womens modes of sport support. Sport and Its Female Fans will be a landmark contribution in the field of sport research and in studies of sports fandom, making an original contribution to the growing, yet under-researched, area of female sports spectators"--
Misery
The last action hero
Fan culture : essays on participatory fandom in the 21st century
The last living slut : born in Iran, bred backstage
Effects of commercialisation of the premier league football on its fans
Finnish summary.
Fans : the mirror of consumption
Chocolat. vol. 4 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Traveller and fan identities of the Finnish football fans
Fans, friends & followers : building an audience and a creative career
Death of a Valentine : a Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
Rock in peace: Dee Dee and Joey Ramone
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Mission to Lars
Last action hero
Chopin : muses : the women in his life = die Frauen in seinem Leben
Sport fans : the psychology and social impact of spectators
If that ain't Country ... : portrait of the modern Country music fan
Textual poachers : television fans and participatory culture
Babylon nights
Love is the drug
How to play Spice Girls
The use of storytelling in music artist promotion
How to do things with cultural theory
Football hooligans
Sports Fans 2.0 : an introduction
Around the world with One Direction : the true stories as told by the fans
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
The rock bible : unholy scripture for fans & bands
Fandom : identities and communities in a mediated world
The case of the imaginary detective
Globalised sport : media, money and morals
Celebrity Endorsement in Social Media
The essays in this collection explore the relative influence of academic and fan perspectives in the current group of scholar-fans and the ethical dilemmas that sometimes emerge from this interplay of identities and the impact of the increasingly reciprocal relationship between textual producers and consumers.
Chocolat. 2 / [translation Sunny Kim] ; [English adaptation Jackie Oh, Audra Furuichi]
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
Heavy metal parking lot
From Impressionism to anime : Japan as fantasy and fan cult in the mind of the West
Chocolat. vol. 5 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Popular music and society
Chicks dig time lords : a celebration of Doctor Who by the women who love it
An ethnography of English football fans : cans, cops and carnivals
Under their thumb : how a nice boy from Brooklyn got mixed up with the Rolling Stones (and lived to tell the tale)
Movie crazy : fans, stars, and the cult of celebrity
Chocolat. 3 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
English national identity and football fan culture : who are ya?
"In recent years, otaku culture has emerged as one of Japan's major cultural exports and as a genuinely transnational phenomenon. This timely volume investigates how this once marginalized popular culture has come to play a major role in Japan's identity at home and abroad. In the American context, the word otaku is best translated as 'geek'--an ardent fan with highly specialized knowledge and interests. But it is associated especially with fans of specific Japan-based cultural genres, including anime, manga, and video games. Most important of all, as this collection shows, is the way otaku culture represents a newly participatory fan culture in which fans not only organize around niche interests but produce and distribute their own media content. In this collection of essays, Japanese and American scholars offer richly detailed descriptions of how this once stigmatized Japanese youth culture created its own alternative markets and cultural products such as fan fiction, comics, costumes, and remixes, becoming a major international force that can challenge the dominance of commercial media. By exploring the rich variety of otaku culture from multiple perspectives, this groundbreaking collection provides fascinating insights into the present and future of cultural production and distribution in the digital age."--Book jacket.
The construction of postmodern identity in Nick Hornby's Lad Lit
The diva's mouth : body, voice, prima donna politics
Using the force : creativity, community, and Star Wars fans
I'm with the band : confessions of a groupie
Football, fascism and fandom : the UltraS of Italian football
Celebrity practice in networked media : a case study of Lady Gaga and Twitter
Football fans around the world : from supporters to fanatics
Let's spend the night together : backstage secrets of rock muses and supergroupies
Sport and its female fans
Popular music fandom : identities, roles and practices
As of 2012, Twitter has over 100 million active users worldwide, generating close to 230 million Tweets per day. Encouraged by sports shows that incorporate social media as a major component of their programming strategies, sports fans and athletes have proven to be some of the most prolific and adept users of Twitter and other social media platforms. Social media has made it possible for fans to cross the virtual barrier that separates them from the teams they love and the athletes they follow, changing the way fans and athletes interact in the world of sports. In Sports Fans 2.0: How Fans Are Using Social Media to Get Closer to the Game, David M. Sutera explores the increasingly participatory nature of contemporary sports fandom and spectatorship. He examines the ways in which digital media has created and facilitated new channels for sports fan engagement, and how technology has enhanced the fan's perception of participating in America's sports culture. In addition, Sutera shows how high-profile athletes are using social media to increase their fan base and promote their own celebrity status, creating the sense that they are more accessible to their fans. Social media has forever altered the way sports fans and athletes engage with each other. Covering a wide range of sports and social media outlets, Sports Fans 2.0 is an accessible examination of how technology has changed-and will continue to change-the world of sports. Written for general readers and scholars alike, this book will appeal to anyone interested in the effects of social media on popular culture.
Rethinking aggression and violence in sport
The Monkees, memories and the magic
Celebrity endorser selection, usage and effectiveness : compatibility of western-based research in the Japanese cultural environment
Kill the boy band
As black as ebony
Fandom unbound : otaku culture in a connected world
Around the world with Justin Bieber : true stories from beliebers everywhere
Dear 2Pac we'll always remember you : fan letters, poems, art
Supersonic : personal situations with Oasis (1992-96)
B*witched : the official book
Fandom as a market niche : determining the impact of internet-based fan communities on the entertainment industry
Chapter 27 : John Lennonin murha
"Fan CULTure explores how present-day fans interact with the films, television shows, books, and pop culture artifacts they love. From creating original works of fanfiction to influencing the content of major primetime series through social media, fans are no longer passive consumers. They have evolved into active participants in creating and shaping these works"--
Fans, bloggers, and gamers : exploring participatory culture
Fan culture : theory/practice
