http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8055 rebellious movements
rebellious movements
Mexican militarism : the political rise and fall of the revolutionary army 1910-1940
The Rebellion of 1837 in Upper Canada : a collection of documents
Defying Rome : the rebels of Roman Britain
Wounded Knee 1973 : a personal account
The fire and the word : a history of the Zapatista movement
1916 : the long revolution
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
Slavery and rebellion in the Roman world 140 B. C.-70. B. C.
Contributed articles on Maoist movement in Nepal.
Spartacus : the gladiator
Mercenary
Confidential correspondence of the British Government respecting the insurrection in Poland 1863
Contentious Kwangju : the May 18 uprising in Korea's past and present
Unconventional warfare in South Asia, 1947 to the present
Shadows of tender fury : the letters and communiqués of Subcomandante Marcos and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation
Peasant resistance in India 1858-1914
Memories of the May 1980 : a documentary history of the Kwangju uprising in Korea
Muslim rulers and rebels : everyday politics and armed separatism in the Southern Philippines
Rebels in the name of the tsar
Revolt, revolution, critique : the paradox of society
The Taiping rebellion : [history and documents]. [Volume 1], History
Deals with the dynamics and growth of a violent 21st century communist rebellion initiated by the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist), explaining the different causes, factors that contributed to its growth, strategies employed by the rebels and the state, and the consequences of the insurgency.
Rationality and revolution
African religions : symbol, ritual, and community
The Moplah rebellion and its genesis
Slave rebellion in Brazil : the Muslim uprising of 1835 in Bahia
A surplus of memory : chronicle of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
The last mission : the secret history of World War II's final battle
Heaven in conflict : Franciscans and the Boxer uprising in Shanxi
The gladiator : the enemies of the Roman empire seek their revenge
To build a nation : the use of religion in formation of a common identity of the Chechen resistance movement : a comparative study on Imam Shamil and Shamil Basayev
The Chiapas rebellion : the struggle for land and democracy
On state, marginalization, and origins of rebellion : the formation of insurgencies in Southern Sudan
Why it's still kicking off everywhere : the new global revolutions
Conclusions : peasant unrest and political culture
Writing revolution : the voices from Tunis to Damascus
Rebel voices : an IWW anthology
Insurgents, terrorists, and militias : the warriors of contemporary combat
Opposition in the U.S.S.R. 1917-1967
The revolt of African slaves in Iraq : in the 3rd/9th century
The Great Rebellion of 1857 in India : exploring transgressions, contests and diversities
In the 70 years between 140 B.C. and 70 B.C., Rome was confronted with three major slave rebellions. Two of the uprisings occurred in the province of Sicily. The third and most memorable, led by the gladiator Spartacus, took place in Italy and posed a serious threat to the city of Rome. Bradley's work carefully describes and analyzes these rebellions in their respective contexts. In addition to examining the immediate historical context of each rebellion and the relationship of the uprisings to the overall development of Roman slavery in the second century, B.C., Bradley offers an original analysis of the rebellions against the broad background of resistance in modern slave societies. Emphasizing the material conditions that led slaves to resist and the practical means by which their resistance was maintained, Bradley demonstrates the relationship of the Roman slave wars to other types of slave resistance.
Jihad : the Mahdi rebellion in the Sudan
The year of liberty : the story of the great Irish rebellion of 1798
Black riot in Los Angeles : the story of the Watts tragedy
Communities of grain : rural rebellion in comparative perspective
Africa in America : slave acculturation and resistance in the American South and the British Caribbean, 1736-1831
The gladiator
One of the most violent episodes of China's Boxer Uprising was the Taiyuan Massacre of 1900, in which rebels killed foreign missionaries and thousands of Chinese Christians. This first sustained scholarly account of the uprising to focus on Shanxi Province illuminates the religious and cultural beliefs on both sides of the conflict and shows how they came to clash.
Understanding Central America : global forces, rebellion, and change
The anatomy of popular rebellion in the Middle Ages
Lies, lies, and more lies : belying the Armenian claims aganst the Turks
History of peasant revolts : the social origins of rebellion in early modern France
"In contemporary society the idea of revolution seems to have become obsolete. What is more untimely than the idea of revolution today? At the same time, however, the idea of radical change no longer refers to exceptional circumstances but has become normalized as part of daily life. Ours is a "culture" of permanent revolution in which constant systemic disembedding demands a meta-stable subjectivity in continuous transformation. In this sense the idea of revolution is painfully timely. This paradoxical coincidence, the simultaneous absence and presence of the desire for radical change in contemporary society, is the point of departure for the symptomatic reading this book offers. The book addresses the social, political and cultural significance of revolt and revolution in three dimensions. First, it analyzes revolt and revolution as "events" which are of history but not reducible to it. Second, it elaborates on theories that grant revolt and revolution a central place in their structure. And third, it discusses revolutionary or emancipatory theories that seek to participate in radical change. Further, since both revolt and revolution involve the critique of what exists, of actual reality, the implications of the intimate relationship between revolt, revolution and critique are explicated"--
Land and freedom : the MST, the Zapatistas and peasant alternatives to neoliberalism
The insurgency in Chechnya and the North Caucasus : from gazavat to jihad
Child soldiers : Sierra Leone's revolutionary united front
Terrorism, insurgency and Indian-English literature, 1830-1947
Fatah Palestine Newsletter
The ruling class of Judaea : the origins of the Jewish revolt against Rome A. D. 66-70
Modern stateless warfare
The Arab uprisings : the people want the fall of the regime
'In the name of working class'
Basta! : land and the Zapatista rebellion in Chiapas
Mau Mau and the Kikuyu
Slave mutiny : the revolt on the schooner Amistad
Peasant revolts in China 1840-1949
Although a primeval form of conflict, stateless warfare is still very much in existence in the 21st century. This is mainly because the insurgent stateless warfare of guerrillas and terrorists has been continually modernising since the 1800s in a manner similar to the three-phase modernisation of non-democratic regimes. Brooker makes this the focus of the first part of his fascinating book. He then moves on to examine the guerrilla and terrorist modes of insurgency, its revolutionary, separatist and expeller types as well as its two formats, the bandit-like and the gangster-like. The second part describes the forensic calculus of motive, means and opportunity that explains and predicts insurgents' degree of success. This framework assesses insurgents' motivation, their methods and capability, their military and political opportunity and their social opportunity for winning political support. Brooker concludes by predicting a fourth, apocalyptic phase in the modernisation of stateless warfare -- and an accompanying fourth, Orwellian phase in the modernisation of non-democratic rule.
Fighting to learn : popular education and guerilla war in El Salvador
The Red River rebellion
The rebels : a brotherhood of outlaw bikers
Girls to the front : the true story of the Riot Grrrl revolution
Revolution in Mexico : years of upheaval, 1910-1940
Oriental assembly
Rebellion in nineteenth-century China
Armed communist movements in Southeast Asia
Boko Haram : inside Nigeria's unholy war
Rebellion, popular protest and the social order in early modern England
"India fighting with itself" : discourses on the Naxalite movement in Indian news media
A tragic beginning : the Taiwan uprising of February 28, 1947
A history of Riot Grrrl, a radical feminist movement that was started in the 1990s by young women who were fed up with sexism and harrassment and decided to make some noise.
The peasant cotton : revolution in West Africa, Côte d'Ivoire, 1880-1995
Peasants in revolt : a Chilean case study, 1965-1971
Awaken my heart
Michael Collins
Laying claim to the memory of May : a look back at the 1980 Kwangju uprising
Rebellion and remembrance in modern Ireland
From revolutionary movements to political parties : cases from Latin America and Africa
More than Maoism : politics, policies, and insurgencies in South Asia
Bond men made free : medieval peasant movements and the English rising of 1381. Rodney Hilton
The rebel
Dragonfly in amber
Radical women in Latin America : left and right
Contributed articles.
National and international factors in the formation of voluntary associations in Finland
The plebeian republic : the Huanta rebellion and the making of the Peruvian state, 1820-1850
Introduction
Folk devils and moral panics : the creation of the mods and rockers
Operation certain death : the inside story of the SAS's greatest battle
French Revolution, 1968
"This book is an interdisciplinary study of representations of terrorism and political violence in the fiction and journalism of colonial India. Focusing on key historical episodes such as the Calcutta "Black Hole," the anti-thuggee campaigns of the 1830s, the 1857 rebellion, and anti-colonial terrorism in Edwardian London, it argues that exceptional violence was integral to colonial sovereignty and that the threat of violence mutually defined discursive relations between colonizer and colonized. Moving beyond previous studies of colonial discourse, and drawing on contemporary analyses of terrorism, Tickell examines texts by both colonial and Indian authors, tracing their contending engagements with terrorizing violence in selected newspapers, journals, novels and short stories. The study includes readings of several significant early Indian-English works for the first time, from dissident periodicals like Hurrish Chunder Mookerjis Hindoo Patriot (1856-66) and Shyamji Krishnavarmas Indian Sociologist (1905-9) to neglected fictions such as Kylas Dutts parable of anti-colonial rebellion "Forty-Eight Hours of the Year 1945" (1845) and Sarath Kumar Ghoshs The Prince of Destiny (1909). These are examined alongside works by better-known Anglo-Indian authors such as Philip Meadows Taylor's Confessions of a Thug (1838), Flora Annie Steel's On the Face of the Waters (1897), Rudyard Kiplings short fictions and novels by Edmund Candler and E.M. Forster. The study concludes with an analysis of Indian-English fiction of the 1930s, notably Mulk Raj Anands Untouchable (1935), and goes on to read Gandhis philosophy of ahimsa (non-violence) as a strategic response to a colonial and nationalist terror-politics"--
Russia's first republican : the Decembrist Pavel Pestel
Chinese sources for the Taiping rebellion : 1850-1864
Indian revolutionaires : (A comprehensive study) 1757-1961. 5
First act in China : the story of the Sian mutiny
The Arab uprising : the people want the fall of the regime
The Hong Kyôngnae rebellion 1811-1812 : conflict between central power and local society in 19th-century Korea
In the shadow of settlement : multiple rebel groups and precarious peace
Encyclopedia of modern separatist movements
The other rebellion : popular violence, ideology, and the Mexican struggle for independence, 1810-1821
North-east India : politics and insurgency
Revolt in the desert
Feminism and the legacy of revolution : Nicaragua, El Salvador, Chiapas
Our word is our weapon : selected writings
May the Lord in his mercy be kind to Belfast
Defeating Mau Mau, creating Kenya : counterinsurgency, civil war, and decolonization
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics, and religion
The eighteenth century in India
The people's war in Nepal : left perspectives
Syrian notebooks : inside the Homs uprising January 16-February 2, 2012
May the Lord in His mercy be kind to Belfast
Race riot : Chicago in the Red Summer of 1919
Peasant mobilization for land reform : historical case studies and theoretical considerations
Subcommander Marcos : the man and the mask
Guerrillas : the men and women fighting today's wars
Guerrillas and revolution in Latin America : a comparative study of insurgents and regimes since 1956
The great Romanian peasant revolt of 1907
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
Irons in the fire
A history of the Mau Mau movement in Kenya
Who dares to write of '98? : the historiography of the 1798 rebellion in Ireland 1798-1868
The historical connections of European peasant revolts
Rebels : my life behind enemy lines with warlords, fanatics and not-so-friendly fire
Taiping rebel : the deposition of Li Hsi-Ch'eng
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
The Maoist insurgency in Nepal : revolution in the twenty-first century
Power and protest in England, 1525-1640
