http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8051 guerilla movements
guerilla movements
Thema book of Naxalite poetry
Israel and Hizbollah : an asymmetric conflict in historical and comparitive perspective
Unlawful combatants : a genealogy of the irregular fighter
Fedayeen : the story of the Palestinian guerrillas
Immortal history : the year 1932
Che's afterlife : the legacy of an image
Modern stateless warfare
Unconventional warfare in South Asia, 1947 to the present
The Fall of Che Guevara : a story of soldiers, spies, and diplomats
Peru : time of fear
Feminism and the legacy of revolution : Nicaragua, El Salvador, Chiapas
Saving fish from drowning
Shining and other paths : war and society in Peru, 1980-1995
Capitalism : a ghost story
Apocalyptic faith and political violence : prophets of terror
Winds of change : on irregular warfare
A critique of arms / Volume 1.
Social movements in politics : a comparative study
Bolivian diary
Che. 1, sankari
Guerrilla warfare
Although a primeval form of conflict, stateless warfare is still very much in existence in the 21st century. This is mainly because the insurgent stateless warfare of guerrillas and terrorists has been continually modernising since the 1800s in a manner similar to the three-phase modernisation of non-democratic regimes. Brooker makes this the focus of the first part of his fascinating book. He then moves on to examine the guerrilla and terrorist modes of insurgency, its revolutionary, separatist and expeller types as well as its two formats, the bandit-like and the gangster-like. The second part describes the forensic calculus of motive, means and opportunity that explains and predicts insurgents' degree of success. This framework assesses insurgents' motivation, their methods and capability, their military and political opportunity and their social opportunity for winning political support. Brooker concludes by predicting a fourth, apocalyptic phase in the modernisation of stateless warfare -- and an accompanying fourth, Orwellian phase in the modernisation of non-democratic rule.
Armed struggle : the history of the IRA
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
Guerrilla warfare : a historical & critical study
Comrades against apartheid : ANC and the South African Communist Party in exile
Includes musical notation of 3 songs.
Guerrillas : the men and women fighting today's wars
Fidel & Che : a revolutionary friendship
The Shining Path of Peru
Inside the Cuban revolution : Fidel Castro and the urban underground
The guerilla reader : a historical anthology
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Reaping the whirlwind : the Taliban movement in Afghanistan
Without men
Che. Part 1, The Argentine
The Bolivian diary
The unknown war : Armed anti-soviet resistance in Lithuania in 1944-1953
Decoding the new Taliban : insights from the Afghan field
Social movements and violence : participation in underground organizations
The Sikhs of the Punjab : unheard voices of state and guerrilla violence
Rebels in a rotten state : Understanding atrocity in the Sierra Leone civil war
Shining path : guerrilla war in Peru's northern highlands, 1980-1997
Afghanistan : a new history
With the contras : a reporter in the wilds of Nicaragua
Taliban : the true story of the world's most feared fighting force
The secret army : the IRA
Revolution and political change in the Third World
Making peace : Ahtisaari and Aceh
Che Guevara : a revolutionary life
Rebels : my life behind enemy lines with warlords, fanatics and not-so-friendly fire
The armies
The Taliban : war, religion and the new order in Afghanistan
Disintegrating Indonesia? : implications for regional security
Arafat : terrorist or peacemaker?
Compañeras : Zapatista women's stories
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
Modern guerrilla warfare : fighting communist guerrilla movements, 1941-1961
Handbook of revolutionary warfare : a guide to the armed phase of the African revolution
Death in the Andes
Che. Part 2, Guerrilla
Latin American revolutionaries : groups, goals, methods
Guerilla warfare an asymmetric option : presentations in the Guerilla Warfare Seminar at the National Defence College, 16th-17th October, 2001
Makhno and the Makhnovshchina : myths and interpretations
Globalisation and insurgency
Compañ?eras is the untold story of women's involvement in the Zapatista movement, the indigenous rebellion that has inspired grassroots activists around the world for over two decades. Gathered here are the stories of grandmothers, mothers, and daughters who became guerrilla insurgents and political leaders, educators and healers -- who worked collectively to construct a new society of dignity and justice. Compañeras shows us how, after centuries of oppression, a few voices of dissent became a force of thousands, how a woman once confined to her kitchen rose to conduct peace negotiations with the Mexican government, and how hundreds of women overcame engrained hardships to strengthen their communities from within.
To build a nation : the use of religion in formation of a common identity of the Chechen resistance movement : a comparative study on Imam Shamil and Shamil Basayev
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
Guerrillas and revolution in Latin America : a comparative study of insurgents and regimes since 1956
Encyclopedia of guerilla warfare
Even silence has an end : [my six years of captivity in the Columbian jungle]
Proceedings of the 1st International Working Conference on Violence and Non-violent Action in Industrialized Societies, Brussels, March 13th-15th, 1974. Part 1, Urban guerilla : studies on the theory, strategy and practice of political violence in modern societies
"From the poisoned rivers, barren wells, and clear-cut forests, to the hundreds of thousands of farmers who have committed suicide to escape punishing debt, to the hundreds of millions of people who live on less than two dollars a day, there are ghosts nearly everywhere you look in India. India is a nation of 1.2 billion, but the country's 100 richest people own assets equivalent to one-fourth of India's gross domestic product. Capitalism: A Ghost Story examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India, and shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people to the highest and most intense forms of racism and exploitation. "--
Encyclopedia of modern separatist movements
Homefront : the revolution : (PS4)
Army of god : Joseph Kony's war in Central Africa
"This series of essays examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India. The book also shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people around the world to the highest and most intense forms of racism and and exploitation"--
Death of a revolutionary : Che Guevara's last mission
Michael Collins : the man who made Ireland
Conflict in Colombia : towards intervention?
Mitosis : a reckoners story
Aboke girls : children abducted in northern Uganda
Kosovo Liberation Army : the inside story of an insurgency
Guatemala in rebellion : unfinished history
