http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8054 underground activities
underground activities
Secret agent : true stories of spying and sabotage during World War II
Wartime
Amsterdam, 1943 Hanneke spends her days procuring and delivering sought-after black-market goods to paying customers, her nights hiding the true nature of her work from her concerned parents, and every waking moment mourning her boyfriend, who was killed on the front line when the Germans invaded. She likes to think of her illegal work as a small act of rebellion. But one day Hanneke gets a very unusual request. One of her regular customers asks her to find a girl. A girl who has disappeared from the secret room in her house. A Jewish girl. As she searches for clues Hanneke is drawn into a dangerous web of lies, secrets and mysteries but needs to find the runaway before the Nazis do.
Żegota : the Council for aid to Jews in occupied Poland 1942-1945
The end game
The war behind the Eastern Front : the Soviet partisan movement in North-West Russia, 1941-1944
Metro : last light : Xbox 360
Steelheart
Calamity
Northern underground : episodes of Russian revolutionary transport and communications through Scandinavia and Finland 1863-1917
Crete : the battle and the resistance
The French promise
A life in secrets : Vera Atkins and the missing agents of WWII
Genocide and resistance in Hitler's Bosnia : the partisans and the chetniks, 1941-1943
Spies and commissars : Bolshevik Russia and the West
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
The girl in the blue coat
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Albanian assignment
Poland, SOE and the Allies
Noah's Child
Memory and responsibility : the legacy of Jan Karski
The underground struggle in Germany : "News from nowhere -" excerpts from underground reports
Arhìtektura rezistansu : kriïvki ì bunkri UPA v radâns'kih dokumentah = Architecture of resistance: hideouts and bunkers of the UPA in Soviet documents
Story of a secret state : my report to the world
The core
Collaboration and resistance reviewed : writers and the mode rétro in Post-Gaullist France
Ytimessä : The core
Traitor's gate
Natural born heroes : the lost secrets of strength and endurance
All that I am : a novel
Protest, reform and repression in Khrushchev's Soviet Union
War stories for girls
Royal Canadian Mounted Police security bulletins. The depression years, part I, 1933 - 1934
The unknown war : North China 1937-1945
European Union action plans for eight priority bird species : Bittern (Botaurus stellaris), Ferruginous Duck (Aythya nyroca), Steller's Eider (Polysticta stelleri) : Lammergeier (Gypaetus barbatus), Greater Spotted Eagle (Aquila clanga), Lesser Spotted Eagle (Aquila pomarina), Bonelli's Eagle (Hieraaetus fasciatus) , Little Bustard (Tetrax tetrax)
Sketches from a secret war : a Polish artist's mission to liberate Soviet Ukraine
The forge of Vulcan
Royal Canadian Mounted Police security bulletins. The depression years, part II, 1935
Royal Canadian Mounted Police security bulletins. The War Series, Part II, 1942-45
Karski : how one man tried to stop the Holocaust
Noah's child
The secret Ministry of Ag. & Fish : my life in Churchill's school for spies
The uneasy alliance : collaboration between the Finnish opposition and the Russian underground 1899-1904
The core of the sun
Occupied France : collaboration and resistance 1940-1944
Killing Hitler : the plots, the assassins, and the dictator who cheated death
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
The pale house
World War II secret operations handbook : sabotaging the Nazi war machine : SOE, OSS and Maquis guide
Postcards from no man's land
Collaboration and resistance : images of life in Vichy France, 1940-44
Seeing through the eyes of the Polish revolution : Solidarity and the struggle against communism in Poland
A country road, a tree
Avenue of spies : a true story of terror, espionage, and one American family's heroic resistance in Nazi-occupied France
Like a star in the darkness : recollections about Janis (Zhan) Lipke
Royal Canadian Mounted Police security bulletins. The war series, 1939 - 1941
Krystyna : the tragedy of the Polish resistance
The Soviet partisan movement 1941-1944 : a critical historiographical analysis
The children who fought Hitler : a British outpost in Europe
The killing of SS Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich
Firefight
Politics, society and christianity in Vichy France
Few people know that Ypres, centre of First World War remembrance, was once home to a thriving British community that played a heroic role in the Second World War. This expatriate outpost grew around the British ex-servicemen who cared for the war memorials and cemeteries of  ́Flanders Fields ́. Many married local women and their children grew up multi-lingual, but attended their own school and were intensely proud to be British. When Germany invaded in 1940 the community was threatened: some children managed to escape, others were not so lucky. But, armed with their linguistic skills and local knowledge, pupils of the British Memorial School were uniquely prepared to fight Hitler in occupied territory and from Britain. Still in their teens, some risked capture, torture and death in intelligence and resistance operations in the field. An exceptional patriotism spurred them on to feats of bravery in this new conflict. Whilst their peers at home were being evacuated to the English countryside, these children were directly exposed to danger in one of the major theatres of war. James Fox was a pupil at the British Memorial School in 1940 and he has made it his mission to trace his former school friends. The Children Who Fought Hitler is their story: a war story about people from an unusual community, told from a fresh and human perspective.
Social movements and violence : participation in underground organizations
War in a twilight world : partisan and anti-partisan warfare in Eastern Europe, 1939-45
Metro : last light : PS3
Notes from underground
Royal Canadian Mounted Police security bulletins. The early years, 1919-1929
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
Sleepers, moles and martyrs : secret identifications, societal integration and the differing meanings of freedom
The things we did for love
Fighters in the shadows : a new history of the French Resistance
Blood soaked traces of bourgeois nationalism
Samizdat and political dissent in the Soviet Union
The devil in the holy water or the art of slander from Louis XIV to Napoleon
Photographies East : the camera and its histories in East and Southeast Asia
Metro : last light : complete edition : PS3
Mitosis : a reckoners story
The secret ministry of Ag. & Fish : my life in Churchill's school for spies
