http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8053 resistance movements
resistance movements
For the win
Way back home
Firefight
Towards national unity and integration
Why did the whole world go to war? : and other questions about ... World War II
And there was light
Journals of resistance
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
The day of the lie
Southern Africa after Soweto
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Long walk to freedom
Relations between the Finnish resistance movement and the Russian liberals 1899-1904
Humour and social protest
The night will end
Thrilling WWII story. The Nazis have occupied France. Michel knows that there are Resistance fighters in his town and he's desperate to join them. Will his mother agree to it? After all with his father AWOL, she needs a man around the house. But when someone's injured, Michel gets his chance. Can he help without being shot by the Nazis?
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Postcards from no man's land
Charlotte Gray
The end game
Homefront : the revolution : (PS4)
The martyr : Bhagat Singh - experiments in revolution
Alternatives to Hitler : German resistance under the Third Reich
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
A truly awesome collection of writings from the frontlines of anti-capitalism. 566 pages long with contributions from Poland to Portugal and from organisations including CARF, CAGE, Earth First!, EuroDusnie, Greenpeace, Peasant Solidarnosc, Workers Solidarity Movement and Ya Basta! (the list could go on and on). We may be a "circus" Mr. Blair but we sure as hell know what we are talking about (in detail, with footnotes!). If you want to really understand why the cops are beating and shooting us, these are the ideas and actions they hate.
The secret ministry of Ag. & Fish : my life in Churchill's school for spies
Defiance
The collaborators
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
German resistance to National Socialism
Opposition in the U.S.S.R. 1917-1967
Two Memoranda to UNO from Estonia
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Miles in love
THE ILASCU TRIAL / WHITE PAPER OF THE ROMANIAN HELSINKI COMMITTEE
Resisting the Holocaust
Guerrillas in history
Terminator : salvation
The breaking of bodies and minds : torture, psychiatric abuse, and the health professions
The Golem's eye
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Convoy to Auschwitz : women of the French resistance
A country road, a tree
The fantastic laboratory of Dr. Weigl : how two brave scientists battled typhus and sabotaged the Nazis
Secret war : the story of SOE, Britain's wartime sabotage organisation
The Villa Triste
Steelheart
Under cover of darkness
Intifada : the Palestinian uprising
Jesus and empire : the kindom of God and the new world disorder
Sp4rx
Traitors & turncoats : twenty tales of treason, from Benedict Arnold to Ezra Pound
Warsaw boy : a memoir of a wartime childhood
Road to Valour : Gino Bartali : Tour de France legend and world war two hero
Homefront : ultimate edition : PS3
Fedayeen : the story of the Palestinian guerrillas
Poland, SOE and the Allies
Norway 1940-45 : the resistance movement
Daughter of the Flames
Restructuring and resistance : diverse voices of struggle in Western Europe
Countrymen
Resistance and rebellion : lessons from Eastern Europe
Aliens and internal enemies during the First World War
The anti-soviet resistance in the Baltic states
The resistance : Avalon
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
The arms maker of Berlin
Charles de Gaulle & the French resistance : a case study on the legitimacy and contention of a resistance and its leader
Vilho : Finnish freedom fighter
Soweto : black revolt, white reaction
Resistance : an analysis of European resistance to Nazism 1940-1945
War in the woods : Estonia's struggle for survival, 1944-1956
Notes from underground
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
Terminator : salvation : director's cut
Spies and Commissars : Bolshevik Russia and the West
All that I am : a novel
The partisans
To build a nation : the use of religion in formation of a common identity of the Chechen resistance movement : a comparative study on Imam Shamil and Shamil Basayev
Homefront : Ultimate editon : Xbox 360
Avenue of spies : a true story of terror, espionage, and one American family's heroic resistance in Nazi-occupied France
Defiance  : the true story of the Bielski partisans
Vianne and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page / Libarary of Congress.
"Dietrich von Hildebrand was a German Catholic thinker and teacher who devoted the full force of his intellect to breaking the deadly spell of Nazism that ensnared so many of his beloved countrymen. His story might well have been lost to us were it not for this memoir he penned in the last decades of his life at the request of his wife, Alice von Hildebrand. In My Battle Against Hitler, covering the years from 1921 to 1938, von Hildebrand tells of the scorn and ridicule he endured for sounding the alarm when many still viewed Hitler as a positive and inevitable force. He expresses the sorrow of having to leave behind his home, friends, and family in Germany to conduct his fight against the Nazis from Austria. He recounts how he defiantly challenged Nazism in the public square, prompting the German ambassador in Vienna to describe him to Hitler as 'the architect of the intellectual resistance in Austria.' And in the midst of all the danger he faced, he conveys his unwavering trust in God, even during his harrowing escape from Vienna and his desperate flight across Europe, with the Nazis always just one step behind. Dietrich von Hildebrand belongs to the very earliest anti-Nazi resistance. His public statements led the Nazis to blacklist him already in 1921, long before the horrors of the Third Reich and more than twenty-three years before the famous assassination attempt on Hitler in July 1944. His battle would culminate in the countless articles he published in Vienna, a selection of which are featured in this volume. 'It is an immense privilege,' writes editor John Henry Crosby, founder of the Hildebrand Project, 'to present to the world the shining witness of one man who risked everything to follow his conscience and stand in defiance of tyranny'".
Homefront : ultimate editon : PlayStation 3
The struggle for the world : liberation movements for the 21st century
Germans against Hitler : the Strauffenberg plot and resistance under the Third Reich
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Sophie Scholl and the White Rose
The last hundred days
The unfinished quest for unity : Africa and the OAU
The globalization reader
Resistance against the Third Reich, 1933-1990 : [papers from a conference sponsored by Interdisciplinary Perspectives for the Study of Europe (IPSE) at the University of Chicago and the Goethe-Institut, Chicago
Rebels : my life behind enemy lines with warlords, fanatics and not-so-friendly fire
Fracture me. Book 2
The resistance
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Ignite me. Book 3
Nelson Mandela
Young Mandela
The Unarmed Anti-Soviet Resistance in Lithuania in the 1950s and 1960s
The Palestinian resistance
My battle against Hitler : defiance in the shadow of the Third Reich
The annual on terrorism : 1988-1989
The zookeeper's wife
Negotiating South Africa's future
The Ten-seconders : The American dream
From day to day : one man's diary of survival in Nazi concentration camps
Winter of the world
Victory
The secret Ministry of Ag. & Fish : my life in Churchill's school for spies
Poles in the European resistance movement 1939-1945
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Corelli`s Mandolin
Collaboration and resistance during the Holocaust : Belarus, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania
Green rage : radical environmentalism and the unmaking of civilization
From occupied to ally : Denmark's fight for freedom 1940-45
The nightingale
Fighters in the shadows : a new history of the French Resistance
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
Hitler's traitors
Globalizing resistance against war : theories of resistance and the new anti-war movement
Resistance movement in Latvia
In love and war
World War II secret operations handbook : sabotaging the Nazi war machine : SOE, OSS and Maquis guide
The wonderful O
Plötzensee memorial Berlin : places of importance in the history of persecution and resistance in Berlin 1933-1945
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
The violence within : cultural and political opposition in divided nations
In praise of hatred
Occupation and resistance : the Greek agony 1941-44
A kill in the morning
Mandela : a film and historical companion : a major motion picture based on Nelson Mandela's bestselling autobiography Long walk to freedom
Is Paris burning?
