http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8056 revolutionary movements
revolutionary movements
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Democratic revolution in Ukraine : from Kuchmagate to Orange Revolution
The rebirth of history
The radicality of love
The moon is a harsh mistress
The Russian revolutionary movement and the Finnish opposition
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
Songs of Irish rebellion : political street ballads and rebel songs, 1780-1900
The revolution in world politics
Revolutions : a very short introduction
Protest and power in black Africa
The Disappeared
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
The transitional program for socialist revolution
The conflict society : reaction and revolution in Latin America
Images of a revolution : mural art in Mozambique
Starve and immolate : the politics of human weapons
The face of the crowd : studies in revolution, ideology and popular protest : selected essays of George Rudé
The jewel of St Petersburg
Independence and after : revolution in underdeveloped countries
Regimes and repertoires
Rationality and revolution
From tsar to Soviets : the Russian people and their revolution, 1917-21
Revolutionary romanticism : a drunken boat anthology
"This volume places recent events in Iraq and Afghanistan to Tunisia and Egypt in historical context. It provides a history of revolutions and insurgencies, an introduction to the way social scientists think about the causes and outcomes of revolutions, and an explanation of their significance in historical and political change. Jack A. Goldstone begins with a brief history of revolutions and insurgencies, from the revolutions that brought democracy to Greek city-states and led to the founding of Rome through the major peasant revolts of the Middle Ages in Europe and China, and the Independence revolts in the Americas. He also touches upon the insurgencies in Latin America (Zapatistas and FARC) and Asia (in Malaysia and the Philippines), whose failure is instructive in understanding why revolts succeed or fail. The book then discusses types of revolutions and their causes; the radical social revolutions in France, Russia, and China; the revolutions for independence in India and Algeria; revolutions against dictators in Mexico, Cuba, and Iran; and the so-called color revolutions in Czechoslovakia, Ukraine, and Georgia. Goldstone considers some of the key revolutionary leaders of history where they came from, what inspired them, and how they changed their societies. A chapter on insurgency and counter-insurgency covers Iraq and Afghanistan. Finally, Goldstone grapples with the outcomes of revolutions: whether they are associated with the rise of freedom and democracy, devastating ideological dictatorships, or something inconclusive. He examines the historical legacies of revolutions, in the areas of freedom, economic growth, women's rights, and minority rights. Revolutions have succeeded enough to feed dreams of freedom, but failed often enough to prompt caution"--
History from below : studies in popular protest and popular ideology
Blueprint for revolution : how to use rice pudding, Lego men and other non-violent techniques to galvanize communities, overthrow dictators, or simply change the world
Art and revolution : transversal activism in the long twentieth century / Gerald Raunig
The silver blade
Toward a critical revolutionary pedagogy : inquiries into Karl Marx, Vladimir Lenin, Mao Tse-Tung and Fidel Castro
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
"Mao Zedong's political career spanned more than half a century. The ideas he championed transformed one of the largest nations on earth and inspired revolutionary movements across the world. Even today Mao lives on in China, where he is regarded by many as a near-mythical figure, and in the West, where a burgeoning literature continues to debate his memory. In this book, leading scholars from different generations and around the world offer a critical evaluation of the life and legacy of China's most famous - some would say infamous - son. In the first section, chapters explore the historical and political context of Mao's emergence as a young man and revolutionary in the early twentieth century. Through this period it is possible to examine the nature of Mao's ideology in its purest form and to see why it was attractive to so many. This section also chronicles the main events of his life and individual aspects of that life: his key relationships with allies and foes, his followers and his public persona, his philosophy, and his relationship with women. In the final part, chapters debate the positive and negative aspects of his legacy; in China Mao has become a metaphor for the promises and betrayals of the twentieth century, in developing countries he remains a beacon of revolutionary hope for some, and in the West Mao continues to be the mirror of our hopes and fears. The book brings the scholarship on Mao up to date, and its alternative perspectives equip readers to assess for themselves the nature of this mercurial figure and his significance in modern Chinese history"--Provided by publisher.
The struggle for Mozambique
Dangerous dreamers : the Australian anti-democratic left and Czechoslovak agents
The awakening of Latin America : a classic anthology of Che Guevara's writings on Latin America
"In contemporary society the idea of revolution seems to have become obsolete. What is more untimely than the idea of revolution today? At the same time, however, the idea of radical change no longer refers to exceptional circumstances but has become normalized as part of daily life. Ours is a "culture" of permanent revolution in which constant systemic disembedding demands a meta-stable subjectivity in continuous transformation. In this sense the idea of revolution is painfully timely. This paradoxical coincidence, the simultaneous absence and presence of the desire for radical change in contemporary society, is the point of departure for the symptomatic reading this book offers. The book addresses the social, political and cultural significance of revolt and revolution in three dimensions. First, it analyzes revolt and revolution as "events" which are of history but not reducible to it. Second, it elaborates on theories that grant revolt and revolution a central place in their structure. And third, it discusses revolutionary or emancipatory theories that seek to participate in radical change. Further, since both revolt and revolution involve the critique of what exists, of actual reality, the implications of the intimate relationship between revolt, revolution and critique are explicated"--
No other way out : states and revolutionary movements, 1945-1991
First act in China : the story of the Sian mutiny
Theory of the global state : globality as unfinished revolution
Inside the Cuban revolution : Fidel Castro and the urban underground
The liberation of Guiné : aspects of an African revolution
Revolutionary Britannia? : reflections on the threat of revolution in Britain, 1789-1848
Revolutions and nationalities : Europe 1825 - 1890
Subalterns and Raj : South Asia since 1600
The invisibles. Book four
The people's will
Russia and the roots of the Chinese revolution, 1896-1911
The hunger games. [3], Mockingjay
Nationalism and revolution in the Arab world : (the Middle East and North Africa)
International Zapatismo : the construction of solidarity in the age of globalization
A small key can open a large door : the Rojava revolution
Ehud's dagger : class struggle in the English Revolution
The CNT in the Spanish Revolution. 1
"From 1789 in France to 2011 in Cairo, revolutions have shaken the world. In their pursuit of social justice, revolutionaries have taken on the assembled might of monarchies, empires, and dictatorships. They have often, though not always, sparked cataclysmic violence, and have at times won miraculous victories, though at other times suffered devastating defeat. This Very Short Introduction illuminates the revolutionaries, their strategies, their successes and failures, and the ways in which revolutions continue to dominate world events and the popular imagination. Starting with the city-states of ancient Greece and Rome, Jack Goldstone traces the development of revolutions through the Renaissance and Reformation, the Enlightenment and liberal constitutional revolutions such as in America, and their opposite--the communist revolutions of the 20th century. He shows how revolutions overturned dictators in Nicaragua and Iran and brought the collapse of communism in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, and examines the new wave of non-violent "color" revolutions-the Philippines' Yellow Revolution, Ukraine's Orange Revolution--and the Arab Uprisings of 2011-12 that rocked the Middle East. Goldstone also sheds light on the major theories of revolution, exploring the causes of revolutionary waves, the role of revolutionary leaders, the strategies and processes of revolutionary change, and the intersection between revolutions and shifting patterns of global power. Finally, the author examines the reasons for diverse revolutionary outcomes, from democracy to civil war and authoritarian rule, and the likely future of revolution in years to come. About the Series: Oxford's Very Short Introductions series offers concise and original introductions to a wide range of subjects--from Islam to Sociology, Politics to Classics, Literary Theory to History, and Archaeology to the Bible. Not simply a textbook of definitions, each volume in this series provides trenchant and provocative--yet always balanced and complete--discussions of the central issues in a given discipline or field. Every Very Short Introduction gives a readable evolution of the subject in question, demonstrating how the subject has developed and how it has influenced society. Eventually, the series will encompass every major academic discipline, offering all students an accessible and abundant reference library. Whatever the area of study that one deems important or appealing, whatever the topic that fascinates the general reader, the Very Short Introductions series has a handy and affordable guide that will likely prove indispensable"--
Spies and commissars : Bolshevik Russia and the West
Challenging authority : the historical study of contentious politics
The path not taken : French industrialization in the age of revolution, 1750-1830
Guerrillas and revolution in Latin America : a comparative study of insurgents and regimes since 1956
On revolution
Katniss Everdeen's having survived the Hunger games twice makes her a target of the Capitol and President Snow, as well as a hero to the rebels who will succeed only if Katniss is willing to put aside her personal feelings and serve as their pawn.
Che Guevara, Paulo Freire, and the pedagogy of revolution
Conflicting missions : Havana, Washington, and Africa, 1959-1976
Revolution in the revolution? : armed struggle and political struggle in Latin America
The April revolution and South Korean democracy
Road to revolution!
Cuba : or the pursuit of freedom
The Chinese revolution
Undercover agents in the Russian revolutionary movement : the SR Party, 1902-14
Why it's still kicking off everywhere : the new global revolutions
The war of the end of the world
Writing revolution : the voices from Tunis to Damascus
Communist revolutionary warfare : from the Vietminh to the Viet Cong
The fire and the word : a history of the Zapatista movement
Human love
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
A critique of arms / Volume 1.
Opposition in the U.S.S.R. 1917-1967
"In a world where paranoia is a survival skill, the only hope for humankind is a group of unconventional occultist freedom fighters called the Invisibles. In this collection, the team launches an assault on an underground New Mexico lab to free the cure for the AIDS virus from the alleged inventors of the disease: the U.S. government" /Library of Congress.
Indonesian politics in crisis : the long fall of Suharto 1996-98
History and revolution : refuting revisionism
The Courilof affair
Ernesto Che Guevara
Wages of rebellion
Venceremos! : the speeches and writings of Ernesto Che Guevara
Tree of liberty : cultural legacies of the Haitian Revolution in the Atlantic world
The Degaev affair : terror and treason in Tsarist Russia
Black against empire : the history and politics of the Black Panther Party
Apostles and agitators : Italy's Marxist revolutionary tradition
Revolt, revolution, critique : the paradox of society
Budapest 1956 : a history of the Hungarian revolution
Zapatistas : the Chiapas Revolt and what it means for radical politics
A critical introduction to Mao
The Taiping ideology : its sources, interpretations, and influences
The last hundred days
The restoration game
Land and freedom : the MST, the Zapatistas and peasant alternatives to neoliberalism
Becoming the Tupamaros : solidarity and transnational revolutionaries in Uruguay and the United States
Global justice : liberation and socialism
The four horsemen : riding to liberty in post-Napoleonic Europe
Revolutionary and dissident movements of the world
Controlling Paris : armed forces and counter-revolution, 1789-1848
Revolution and political change in the Third World
The anticommunist Romanian Revolution of 1989
The struggle against the state and other essays
Revolution in Rojava : democratic autonomy and women's liberation in Syrian Kurdistan
Terrorism : a history
Spies and Commissars : Bolshevik Russia and the West
Art and revolution in Latin America 1910-1990 / David Craven
The global revolutions of 1968 : a Norton casebook in history
History's locomotives : revolutions and the making of the modern world
Street fighting years : an autobiography of the sixties
The international encyclopedia of revolution and protest : 1500 to the present
