http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8069 French horn
French horn
Susato suite : six dances from "The danserye" : for brass ensemble
Team brass : french horn
Suite for a quartet of young horns
Look, listen and learn. Part 1. Method for horn
Waldhornschule : für den jungen Anfänger : Heft 1 = French horn method : for the young beginner ; english version: Eugene Hartzell
The Horn Handbook
Monody for corpus Christi : score
Overture to the magic flute : transcribed for four horns
Pares scales : for individual study and like-instrument class instruction : french horn, Eb alto or mellophone
Frøydis favorite : a collection of artistic short pieces for horn and piano : volume two
Method for French horn. Book 2
French horn method. Book two
Valse triste : for four horns: score and parts
Horn
The Boosey brass method : horn in F. Book 1.
Thoughts on playing the horn well : also containing suggestions for warm ups and other exercises
Introducing the french horn : The individualized instruction : Premilinary book
The horn & horn-playing & the Austro-Bohemian tradition from 1680 to 1830
Boosey & Hawkes instrumental course : Eb horn
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on trumpet ; french horn ; cornet ; flugel horn ; tenor horn ; euphonium
French horn student. Level three, (advanced intermediate)
Rubank intermediate method. French horn : Eb alto or mellophone
Introducing the French horn : the individualized instructor
Philip Farkas : the legacy of a master
Mastering the Horn's low register
Deux cents études nouvelles en six cahiers. 6 : 10 grandes études nouvelles mélodiques et de virtuosité = 10 grand new melodic studies for virtuosity
Frøydis favorite : a collection of artistic short pieces for horn and piano : volume one
First book of horn solos = Erstes Spielbuch für Horn und Klavier
THE FRENCH HORN
Grand theoretical and practical method for Valve horn
Learn as you play French horn
Exercises & etudes and "Theme & variations" : for horn
Pottag-Hovey method for french horn. Book one
Chamber music
First solos for the horn player : transcribed and arranged for horn and piano by Mason Jones
The tongue controlled embouchure : for all brass instruments
Mel Bay's french horn method. Vol. 1
Lip flexibilities : for all brass instruments
Rockband : Horn
Method for horn : Followed by duos and trios for the instrument
Method for French horn. Book 1
The Boosey brass method : horn in F. Book 2.
French horn student : a method for individual instruction. Level 1, elementary
Twelve studies for horn solo : opus 57
Foundation to french horn playing : An elementary method : including advanced exercises and celebrated solos/ Eric Hauser, editor
Lip slurs for horn : a progressive method of flexibility exercises
Playing the horn : a practical guide
Grand theoretical and practical method for the valve horn
French horn student : a method for individual instruction. Level 2
The Boosey brass method : horn in F. Keyboard accompaniment
Schule für Horn = School for horn
Concerto for horn and orchestra : D major : K 412
Favorite Celtic melodies : 12 solo arrangements with CD accompaniment : F horn
The summer that changed the course of history : Holger Fransman studies in Vienna in 1931
A guide to improvisation. "Eb" book : for alto saxophone, baritone saxophone, French horn, alto clarinet
Rubank elementary method : French horn Es alto or mellophone
The Darwin Effect
The horn
Mel Bay's French horn method : for single and double horn. Vol. 1
The art of French horn playing
Rubank intermediate method : French horn, Eb alto or mellophone
Horn sight-reading : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le cor : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Spiel auf dem Waldhorn : eine erfrischend neue Methode
The art of brass playing
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Horn in F
Breeze-easy method  French horn. 1
French horn method : (double and single). Book one
Mastery of the French horn : technique and musical expression
Brass anthology : A collection of brass articles published in The Instrumentalist magazine from 1946 to 1990.
Breeze-easy method for french horn. Book 2
Horn fingering chart : for F and Bb horns with instrument care, notation, and a photo/diagram
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, French horn
French horn student : level 3
F horn solos : level two : piano accompaniment
Canticle III : ('Still falls the rain') : op. 55 : for tenor, horn and piano
Breeze-easy method for french horn. Book 1
Practical studies : for french horn : Book I
Collected thoughts on teaching and learning, creativity, and horn performance
A photographic study of 40 virtuoso horn players' embouchures
First book of horn solos
Selected duets for French horn. Volume I, (Easy - medium)
French horn student : a method for individual instruction : level one (elementary)
Rubank advanced method. French horn : vol. 1
Guide to the solo horn repertoire
The french horn
34 studies for french horn : op. 64 vol I
Rubank advanced method : french horn. Vol.2
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
Ecole complète du cor : cor simple - cor a main - cor a pistons = Complete course for the horn. 4e volume
The art of brass playing : a treatise on the formation and use of the brass player's embouchure
The horn, the horn..
A practical guide to French horn playing
French horn method : (double and single). Book three
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Viola. Grades 1-5
Rubank advanced method. French horn : vol. I.
Extended techniques for the horn : a practical handbook for students, performers and composers
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
F Horn Solos : level one : solo book
Thirty studies : op. 13 : for horn solo
Thunder and lightning polka : for four horns: score and parts
Complete works for horn and orchestra
Instrumental solos by special arrangement : Horn in F : eleven songs arranged in a jazz style written-out improvisations
Breeze-Easy method for french horn
Daily routines for horn
Music for the royal fireworks : [4 horns]
An album fo the horn : thirteen easy pieces for horn in F and piano
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, French horn
Breeze-easy method  French horn. 2
Blow your own horn! : (horn heresies)
Look, listen & learn : horn. Part 2, Trio book
Developing the school jazz ensemble : [french horn]
40 preludes : opus 27 : for horn solo
100 duets : volume two : for two horns
Rubank elementary method : french horn, Eb alto or mellophone ; a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Concert favourites : the finest concert and encore pieces [for horn and piano] = Die schönsten Konzert- und Zugabestücke [für Horn und Klavier] = Les plus beaux bis et pièces de concert [pour cor et piano]
Pottag-Hovey method : for french horn. Book two
A practical guide to french horn playing
The girl with the flaxen hair : for horn quartet
Méditation for horn : horn solos and horn with voice
Rubank elementary method. French horn : Eb alto or mellophone
Rubank elementary method : french horn eb alto or mellophone
A tune a day : for french horn : (F and Bb) and tenor horn (Eb). Book one
Horn concertos
