http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8060 synagogues
synagogues
Into the temple courts : the place of the synagogues in the Second Temple period
Synagogues and cultural heritage of the Bulgarian Jewry
The synagogue of Ancient Ostia and the Jews of Rome : interdisciplinary studies
Reconstructing the first-century synagogue : a critical analysis of current research
The synagogue
"The form and function of the synagogue in the first century CE has been the focus of a great deal of recent scholarly discussion. A previous generation of scholars would have perceived a reference to a synagogue in a New Testament text as a monolithic institution with clearly defined functions principally involving worship. More recent scholarship has questioned many of these assumptions, pointing out that in the first century CE 'synagogue' should be understood as a reference to a gathering and not a building. Similarly, it is noted that many of the reconstructions of what happened in a synagogue are built on evidence that dates to a period much later than the first century. The purpose of this work is to engage with primary material, both literary and archaeological, in order to assess the positions of current scholarship in the debate. It addresses the literary and archaeological evidence; the range of sacred activities that could have taken place within a first-century synagogue; and finally, the presentation of the synagogue in Luke-Acts by means of case studies, to draw conclusions not only useful to NT studies in general, but also historical Jesus studies." Review: "One hopes that Catto might, in fact, be the final word on the pre-70 assembly versus building debate within "synagogue" research." ."..the present reviewer recommends Catto's study without reserve"--Sanford Lakoff "Rbl "
The hidden heritage of diaspora Judaism
Writing Jewish culture : paradoxes in ethnography
Ancient Jewish art and archaeology in the diaspora
Building a public Judaism : synagogues and Jewish identity in nineteenth-century Europe
"They shall purify themselves" : essays on purity in early Judaism
Naše nasledstvo : sinagogi SNG v prošlom i nastoâŝem = Our legacy : the CIS synagogues, past and present
Judaism and Hellenism in antiquity : conflict or confluence?
Lechaim! : kuvia Suomen juutalaisten historiasta = Images from the history of Jews in Finland
Spiritual space : the religious architecture of Pietro Belluschi
The synagogue : its history and function
Sacred buildings : a design manual
Jewish Cultural Heritage in Lithuania
The ancient synagogue : the first thousand years
The ancient synagogue from its origins to 200 C.E. : a source book
Associations, synagogues, and congregations : claiming a place in ancient Mediterranean society
Synagogue life : a study in symbolic interaction
Jews, Christians, and polytheists in the ancient synagogue : cultural interaction during the Greco-Roman period
Houses of worship : an identification guide to the history and styles of American religious architecture
In the thirteenth century, sculptures of Synagoga and Ecclesia - paired female personifications of the Synagogue defeated and the Church triumphant - became a favoured motif on cathedral façades in France and Germany. Throughout the preceding centuries, the Jews of northern Europe prospered financially and intellectually, a trend that ran counter to the long-standing Christian conception of Jews as relics of the prehistory of the Church. In this book, Nina Rowe examines the sculptures as defining elements in the urban Jewish-Christian encounter. She locates the roots of the Synagoga-Ecclesia motif in antiquity and explores the theme's public manifestations at the cathedrals of Reims, Bamberg, and Strasbourg, considering each example in relation to local politics and culture. Ultimately, she demonstrates that royal and ecclesiastical policies to restrain the religious, social, and economic lives of Jews in the early thirteenth century found a material analog in lovely renderings of a downtrodden Synagoga, placed in the public arena of the city square.
Kristallnacht : prelude to destruction
The origins of the synagogue : a socio-historical study
Sephardi jews in the Ottoman empire : aspects of material culture
The Ghriba pilgrimage in the island of Jerba : the semantics of otherness
The synagogues of Turkey
Evolution of the synagogue : problems and progress
From synagogue to church : public services and offices in the earliest Christian communities
Ancient Synagogues of Southern Palestine, 300-800 C.E. : living on the edge
Aposunagogos and the Gospel of John
Pfeiffer Chapel, Florida Southern College, Lakeland, Florida, 1938 & Beth Sholom Synagogue, Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, 1954
1000 sacred places : the world's most extraordinary spiritual sites
Synagogues of Europe : architecture, history, meaning
Following the failure of the Bar-Kokhba revolt in the second century, the majority of the Jewish population of Palestine migrated northward away from Jerusalem to join the communities of Jews in Galilee and the Golan Heights. Although rabbinic sources indicate that from the second century onward the demographic center of Jewish Palestine was in Galilee, archaeological evidence of Jewish communities is found in the southern part of the country as well. In The Ancient Synagogues of Southern Palestine, 300-800 C.E., Steve Werlin considers ten synagogues uncovered in southern Palestine. Through an in-depth analysis of the art, architecture, epigraphy, and stratigraphy, the author demonstrates how monumental, religious structures provide critical insight into the lives of those who were strangers among Christians and Muslims in their ancestral homeland.
Excavations at the ancient synagogue of Gush Ḥalav
The Jew, the Cathedral and the Medieval City : Synagoga and Ecclesia in the Thirteenth Century
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
The organ and its music in German-Jewish culture
Cochin Synagogue quater centenary souvenir, 15th December 1968
Jewish art in its late antique context
Židovské památky Moravy a Slezska = Jewish monuments in Moravia and Silesia
The ancient synagogue from its origins until 200 C. E. : papers presented at an international conference at Lund University, October 14-17, 2001
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II
This holy place : on the sanctity of the synagogue during the Greco-Roman period
Art and Judaism in the Greco-Roman world : toward a new Jewish archaeology
Art and architecture of the synagogue in late antique Palestine : in the shadow of the church
Building Jewish in the Roman East
Jewish Budapest : monuments, rites, history
