http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8063 Suomenlinna
Suomenlinna
The future of historic dockyards : round-tabel report, Suomenlinna 2008
Through the eyes of a local : stories from today's Piper's park
Shipbuilding at Suomenlinna
Hoitosuunnitelma : Suomenlinna - Unescon maailmanperintökohde = Management plan : Fortress of Suomenlinna - Unesco world heritage site c
UNESCO world heritage sites in Finland
Conservation training - needs and ethics : ICOMOS-CIF training committee meeting, Suomenlinna, Helsinki, Finland 12.-17.6. 1995 : seminar papers
Sveaborg : fästningens byggnadshistoria = Viapori, Suomenlinna : linnoituksen rakennushistoria = The Island Fortress off Helsinki : an architectural history
English summaries.
Pieni majakkaopas = Liten fyrguide = a short guide to Finnish lighthouses
Suomenlinna : saarilla = Suomenlinna : på öarna = Suomenlinna : on the islands
Reviving monuments : historic architecture and contemporary projects : approaches to historic building re-use seen on 40 sites in Europe today
Lime-plastered timber structures in Finland : history, function and conservation
Bryophyte flora in three historical man-made habitats in southern Finland
Visitors' willingness to pay for an entrance fee to cultural heritage sites : the case of Suomenlinna
Suomenlinna 250 and still going strong
Navarch : naval architecture : guidebook
The visual arts ( From the Treaty of Nystad to 1809)
Nordic cooperation and the far north
The Suomenlinna museum : guide
The fortress in winter : views of Suomenlinna in the winter months
Sveaborg anf the defence of Finland
Lähellä linnoitusta = Nära fästningen = Next to the fortress
The importance of dockyards in ship preservation
Heritage attractions are one the oldest and most common places visited by tourists. These historical places are important for both the community in which they operate and for tourists who visit them. However, concerns arise when the benefits received by one of these two groups are either threatened or minimized. One of the common problems faced by heritage attractions is insufficient funding for conservation works. The Fortress of Suomenlinna is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that lately has experienced a rise in number of visitors during summer periods of the year and the site is currently free of charge.  Speculating about an entrance fee policy as a way to manage the increasing number of visitors, this thesis addresses the willingness to pay of tourists for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna by employing the Contingent Valuation survey method in an open-ended format.    Visitors were identified into three main typologies; by their motivation to visit, by their visitation patterns, and by their geographic characteristics. A sample 268 visitors responded to questionnaires in the beginning of March 2008. 59% of participants answered positively to the willingness to pay questions. The value of the mode was 0 Euros, the median was 2 Euros, and the mean was 3.7 Euros. Cultural visitors, first-time visitors, and foreign visitors were more positive toward paying for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna than leisure, repeat, or domestic visitors. One key finding is that regardless of the reason for visiting or the frequency of visits to Suomenlinna, foreign respondents gave higher amounts than domestic ones. And contrary to expectations, a good number of leisure and domestic participants were also willing to pay a visit fee to Suomenlinna to contribute to its maintenance. These results suggest that there is at hand a source of additional funding to continue maintaining the site and to manage tourism-related activities.
Observations on the Suomenlinna dockyard
Suomenlinna looks towards the Baltic Sea
Helsinki, daughter of the Baltic : a short biography
The study of salt deterioration mechanisms : decay of brick walls influenced by interior climate changes
The history of the Suomenlinna dockyard
Sveaborg : Gibraltar of the North
A sustainable tourism strategy for Suomenlinna
Restauroinnin linnake = Fortress of rastoration
Suomenlinnan Kruununlinna Ehrensvärdin suunnittelukilpailu = Architectural competition for Suomenlinna Kruununlinna Ehrensvärd
75th Anniversary of the Finnish Naval Academy
The Queen Dowager's life regiment in Finland 1772-1808
TAIDE POHJOISMAISSA 1945-1980 = KONST I NORDEN 1945-1980 = ART IN THE NORDIC COUNTRIES 1945-1980
The fortress of Sveaborg
Suomenlinna : "the Gibraltar of the North"
It is a well-known fact that tourism is the fastest growing industry in the world. More specifically, natural area tourism is nowadays one of the most rapidly growing segments of it. Within this segment in turn, the cultural and heritage component has experienced a tremendous growth in recent years. However, at the same time as the tourism sector is expanding, the economic, social, cultural and environmental impacts of tourism, either positive or negative, must no longer be left out of account.     When it comes to World Heritage Sites, also there the number of visitors is growing all the time. Concern is raised about exploitation of natural and cultural resources in World Heritage Sites and this fear must be balanced with the economic goals of tourism.     Many World Heritage Sites only recently have begun to pay attention to the implications of increasing pressure from visitor numbers. Often the level of site management falls short of that appropriate for such unique and important sites. In this manner, it is crucial to realize the value of visitor management through suitable marketing and interpretation techniques in order to protect the site's integrity. Initially the research considers the dimensions of tourism marketing and interpretation to the management activity of a World Heritage Site. Based on literature and on an exploratory study of a specific World Heritage Site, the Fortress of Suomenlinna in Finland, it argues that tourism marketing and interpretation are essential to the sustainable management of such a site.  In particular, the actual research problem was: How can tourism marketing and interpretation contribute to the sustainability of World Heritage Sites? In the process of data collection, qualitative methodology in form of structured on-site observation and investigation of promotional material was used. The research focused upon one single case, the World Heritage Site of Suomenlinna and was examined from the managerial viewpoint. The results of the research implied that there are various opportunities in the marketing of Suomenlinna, that have not been seen or not been implemented yet. Moreover, Suomenlinna lacks a systematic and effective interpretation system. Thus, there is an urgent need for improvements. The management definitely needs to be completely committed to enhance the unrestricted appreciation and to ascertain the long-term protection of the site.
Augustin Seagull and the great dive
Suomenlinna Seminar 85 : international seminar and workshop on restoration at Suomenlinna Island Fortress, Helsinki, Finland : workshop 10-18 September 1985, seminar 16-17 September 1985 : report = raportti
Modern re-uses for the historic architecture, today : architecture, garden, landscape: new exchange fields in Europe : 19th - 21th September 2003 Suomenlinna, Helsinki
The queen Dowager's life regiment in Finland, 1772-1808
Suomenlinna : restoration projects 1974-1994 : disposition plan for Suomenlinna supplementary report D
Aika, valokuvaajan Suomenlinna = tid, en fotograf ser på Sveaborg = a photographer's view of Suomenlinna
Suomenlinna : the winds blow summer and winter
Borderlands : what does it mean for Poland and Finland? (from literary and historical perspectives) : papers from the 2nd Finnish-Polish Seminar, April 7-8, 2003, Tampere
Suomenlinna : rakennushistoriallinen kartta = map of the building stages
The aim of this thesis is to create stories to Suomenlinna. This was done as an project-based assignment for the Governing Body of Suomenlinna. The project was started at the end of May 2012 and planned to be finished on December 2012. Soon it was noticed that the project requires more time and the schedule was expanded until May 2013.     Suomenlinna is one of the main attractions in the capital area of Finland and it has been facing issues with the visitors and their habits. The objective is to plan and create stories which would enhance the visitor's experience in the attraction and bring awareness of the life at Suomenlinna. The story will clarify the unclear fact, that Suomenlinna is a popular attraction and at the same time home for hundreds of people. To bring out this fact effectively it is told from the present time instead of having a historic perspective in it. The story is targeted for leisure tourists and will be told in a fun and easy but educating way.    The story which is the final outcome from the thesis will take place on Piper's park. The plan is to have the story on an information board to the park. Parts of it will be spread to internet to Suomenlinnas web page and to social network sites to motivate visitors.     The story was specified to Piper's park and it was done with the help of three different theories; interpretation, experience pyramid and storytelling. A semi-structured interview done with a local was used as a research method to gather data for story making. One of the main purposes of the interview was to get activity hints what locals do at the park and what same activities visitors could do as well. The activity hints told in the story are respective towards nature and the residential areas.    A meeting of usability of the stories was held as, due to time related reasons, the project will not follow the implementation phase. After the constructive feedback from the Governing Body of Suomenlinna it was proven that stories would be needed as an efficient tool to use along the different parts of the fortress. Storytelling could replace some of the visitor management tools used at the moment such as signs.     The story will help educate the visitors in an amusing, educating and memorable way.
Underwater cultural heritage at Suomenlinna : a recent survey
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 18
The study of salt deterioration mechanisms : decay of brick walls influenced by interior climate changes / [edited by Thorborg von Konow]
World heritage in Finland  = Le patrimoine mondial en Finlande
Kustaanmiekka : kuninkaanportin portaat : Suomenlinna = The King's Gate steps at Kustaanmiekka
Sveaborgs dispositionsplan = The planning proposals for Suomenlinna = Proekt ekspluatacii Suomenlinna
Den flyvende kajak : nutidskunst fra Grønland = The flying kayak : contemporary art from Greenland = Qajaq silaannakkoortok : Kalaallit Nunaannit eqqumiitsuliat nalitsinneersut
Finland's fortress
Underwater defence constructions in the fairway to Helsinki harbour
Look at Suomenlinna-Sveaborg : the island fortress off Helsinki
Wild vascular plants of the sea fortress of Suomenlinna in 1918-1996. In: Botanical trip to the sea fortress of Suomenlinna, VIII meeting of the Committee for Mapping the Flora of Europe "Chorological problems in the European flora"
Suomenlinna seminar 85 : international seminar and workshop on restoration at Suomenlinna Island Fortress, Hki, Finland : workshop 10-18 Sept. 1985, seminar 16-17 Sept. 1985 : report = raportti
Tenalji von Fersenin linnake = Restoration of the von Fersen tenaille
An investigation into the role of residents, stakeholders and stewards on Suomenlinna, to create proposals for sustainable tourism
Landscapes of Finland
Tourism marketing and interpretation in world heritage sites : the case study of the fortress of Suomenlinna
World heritage and underwater cultural heritage
The Renovation of Suomenlinna
Suomenlinna conservation and reuse
The European Union as a security provider
The tradition of the use of the monument : case study Suomenlinna
