http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8078 merchant shipping
merchant shipping
British merchant shipping
Cargo for the colony : the 1797 wreck of the merchant ship Sydney Cove
Contracts for the carriage of goods by sea
Shipping, trade and commerce : essays in memory of Ralph Davis
Merchant seamen's health, 1860-1960 : medicine, technology, shipowners and the state in Britain
Norwegian shipping in the national economy
Merchant fleets in profile. 3, Union, Castle&Unon-Castle, Allan and Canadian Pacific lines
Empire at the periphery : British colonists, Anglo-Dutch trade, and the development of the British Atlantic, 1621-1713
SMM green shipping guide 2011 : focusing on shipping's greatest challenge - the best way to go green
Atlantic Virginia : intercolonial relations in the seventeenth century
Maritime history as global history
RoRo77, London Hilton - Park Lane, 21 - 22 june 1977 : [conference papers]
The archaeology of seafaring in ancient South Asia
Prosperity, region, and institutions in maritime China : the South Fukien pattern, 946-1368
Conway's history of the ship. 6, Sail's last century : the marchant sailing ship 1830-1930
Mingdai haiwai maoyi zhidu = Overseas trade system of Ming dynasty
Chartering and shipping terms : practical guide for steamship companies, masters, ship's officers, shipbrokers, forwarding agents, exporters, importers, insurance brokers and banks
East India Company and religion 1698-1858
Victorian shipping, business and imperial policy : Donald Currie, the Castle Line and Southern Africa
A nation upon the ocean sea : Portugal's Atlantic diaspora and the crisis of the Spanish Empire, 1492-1640
Review of maritime transport, 2002 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Some relevant shipping documents
Trade and cultural exchange in the early modern Mediterranean : Braudel's maritime legacy
All about ships & shipping : a handbook of popular nautical information; with numerous diagrams, plans and illustrations
The traditional trade of Asia
Deep sea and foreign going : inside shipping, the invisible industry that brings you 90% of everything / Rose George
Trade, circulation, and flow in the Indian Ocean world
Sailing the wine-dark sea : international trade and the Late Bronze Age Aegean
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 19 A (1973) s.119.
A century of shipping : Oslo Shipbrokers Association 1899-1999
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 1, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany
Resources and infrastructures in the maritime economy, 1500-2000
ABC of ocean freighters
A comparative note on the Sound toll registers, Stockholm customs accounts, and Dundee shipping lists, 1589, 1613-1622
Lloyd's maritime directory. 2, Towage etc. services
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Merchant fleets in profile. 1, The ships of the P&O, Orient and Blue Anchor lines
Conway's history of the ship. [3], The shipping revolution : the modern merchant ship
Foreign ocean tankers
The universal code of signals for the mercantile marine of all nations
Prospects of trade and maritime transport on the Baltic Sea
Merchant fleets in profile. 4, The ships of the Hamburg America, Adler and Carr lines
The Baltic as a base for growth of maritime transport
Dutch penetration in the Baltic
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
The last of the Cape Horners : firsthand accounts from the final days of the commercial tall ship
Gold rush port : the maritime archaeology of San Francisco's waterfront
Finnish merchant fleet in 2007.
Merchant sailing ships 1775-1815 : sovereignty of sail
The Indian Ocean : oceanic connections and the creation of new societies
The world shipping scene : atlas of shipping, shipbuilding, seaports and sea-borne trade
All-time high in Finland's seaborne foreign trade
The shipping world afloat and ashore : founded on lectures delivered at the City School of Commerce, Liverpool
Trends and challenges of feedering on the Baltic Sea
Maritime traders in the ancient Greek world
England's maritime empire : seapower, commerce and policy, 1490-1690
Finnish merchant fleet in 2006.
Advances in maritime logistics and supply chain systems
The opium clippers
Maritime India, ports and shipping
Dues and port charges on shipping throughout the world : a manual of reference for the use of shipowners, shipbrokers and shipmasters. Vol. 4. A compendium of world commerce
Baltic port insight : overview of current market situation in the Baltic Sea countries and ports in ..
Aspects of the maritime Silk Road : from the Persian Gulf to the East China Sea
Finnish merchant fleet in 2005.
Dues and port charges on shipping throughout the world : a manual of reference for the use of shipowners, shipbrokers and shipmasters. Vol. 3. British ports
From the Black sea to the Atlantic : Finnish merchant shipping in the late nineteenth century
The opening of the maritime fur trade at Bering Strait : Americans and Russians meet the Kaŋiġmiut in Kotzebue Sound
Ellermans : a wealth of shipping
Commercial management for shipmasters : a practical guide
Finnish merchant fleet in 2008 : growth by reflagging
Maritime logistics : a complete guide to effective shipping and port management
Farthing on international shipping
Feasibility of commercial cargo shipping along the Northern Sea Route
Finnish companies' strong expertise means they do well in competition
Exploiting the sea : aspects of Britain's maritime economy since 1870
Commercial exchange across the Mediterranean : Byzantium, the Crusader Levant, Egypt, and Italy
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 3, Poland, Russia, Sweden
British shipping and world competition
Asias maritime bead trade : 300 B.C. to the present
China, the Portuguese, and the Nanyang : oceans and routes, regions and trades (c. 1000-1600)
This is aimed primarily at the senior management of the ship. The video starts with some of the same topics as the first part, examining the distinction between hazard and risk and the methodology of risk management. The video continues by showing a risk assessor on a tour of inspection of a ship and goes on to show self assessment of risks in the galley and the assessment involved in a tanker going to dry-dock. The importance of a no-blame reporting system of near misses is analysed. It's never too early to start training all ranks in assessing and managing the risks inherent in their operations.
Sailing in the Aegean : readings on the economy and trade routes
Dues and port charges on shipping throughout the world : a manual of reference for the use of shipowners, shipbrokers, and shipmasters. vol. 2. America, Asia, and Australia
The connection Phuket, Penang, and Adelaide
Jane's freight containers 1978 : [ports, operators, manufacturers]
Owners' and captains' code
Innovation in shipping and trade
The seascape in Aegean prehistory
The employment of merchant seamen
The China bird : the history of Captain Killick, and the firm he founded, Killick Martin & Company
Brown's ship's accounts and captain's letter writer : also how to calculate exchange at foreign ports, with other useful information for young masters
Cargo handling at ports : a survey of the various systems in vogue, with a consideration of their respective merits
Proceedings : Madrid, August 1998. B15, Global markets: the internationalization of the sea transport industries since 1850 = Marchés globaux: l'internationalisation de l'industrie du transport maritime depuis 1850 = Mercados globales: la internacionalización de la industria del transporte marítimo desde 1850
Global goods and the Spanish Empire, 1492-1824 : circulation, resistance and diversity
A riddle wrapped up in an enigma
Brown's practical pocket-book for merchant seamen
Vocabulaire anglais-français et lexique français-anglais de la common law = English-French vocabulary and French-English glossary of the common law. Tome 6 = Volume 6, Droit maritime commercial = Shipping law
Polish ports handbook 2009 : maritime economy and industry guide
British shipping : its history, organisation and importance
Maritime heritage of Singapore
Drawing upon economic history, cultural studies, intellectual history and the history of science and medicine, this collection of case studies examines the transatlantic transfer and transformation of goods and ideas, with particular emphasis on their reception in Europe. It critiques and enriches Atlantic history and the history of consumption by highlighting a degree of resistance to unfamiliar goods and information as well as the asymmetrical and violent nature of many types of exchange. It considers agents who forged networks and relations within and beyond the Spanish Empire, including Jesuit missionaries, Sephardic merchants, African laborers and farmers from Oaxaca to Santo Domingo to the Piedmont. While uniting increasingly homogenous and connected societies, the expansion of European horizons also generated diverse interests and divergent material cultures.
The history and economics of transport
Maritime transport solutions between Russia and the EU
Tramp shipping
Sailing for a living
Indian Ocean in antiquity : trade and the emerging state
The tragic history of the sea
Catholic pirates and Greek merchants : a maritime history of the Mediterranean
Spain and Sweden : encounters throughout history. Vol 3, Commerce and navigation between Spain and Sweden throughout history
This is aimed primarily at the shore-based management. Risk management covers all areas of a shipping business; operational, financial strategic and commercial. The distinction between hazard and risk is explored and the concept of risk management analysed. An example is used before a precise methodology is put forward. This is a step by step process of identifying the hazards, assessing the risk, exploring the options. Then a cost-benefit analysis of the situation is followed by implementation of the appropriate measures.
Trampschiffahrt : Entwicklung - Bedeutung - Marktelemente = Tramp shipping : development - significance - market elements
Lords of the East : the East India Company and its ships (1600-1874)
Development of Russian ports in the Gulf of Finland
Deleted from the Finnish register in 2007.
The rise of the English shipping industry in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
The old merchant marine : a chronicle of American ships and sailors
Old world colony : Cork and south Munster 1630-1830
Commercialisation in Central and East European shipping
The last time around Cape Horn : the historic 1949 voyage of the windjammer Pamir
The globalisation of the oceans : containerisation from the 1950s to the present
Ships of the Blue Funnel Line
Merchant fleets in profile. 2, The ships of the Cunard, American, red Star, Inman, Leyland, Dominion, Atlantic Transport and Whitw Star Lines
Marine risk assessment : the company : manage the risk and reduce the cost
Maritime empires : British imperial maritime trade in the nineteenth century
Post-war developments of Finland̕ s merchant shipping
Super cargo ships
Goods flows and maritime infrastructure in the Baltic Sea region
Baltic port barometer : port development in the Baltic Sea Region, views of the Baltic ports for the year..
Outlaws of the Atlantic sailors, pirates, and motley crews in the Age of Sail
Port congestion : a challenge to the future of shortsea shipping
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
British shipping and seamen, 1630-1960 : some studies
Development of maritime trade, transport and tourism 21st century vision
Angel Gabriel : the elusive English galleon: its history and the search for its remains
Close encounters : sea- and riverborne trade, ports and hinterlands, ship construction and navigation in antiquity, the Middle Ages and in modern time
Always at see
Dues and port charges on shipping throughout the world : a manual of reference for the use of shipowners, shipbrokers, and shipmasters. Vol. 1. Europe and Africa
Marine risk assessment : the fleet : manage the risk and minimise the impact
Deleted from the Finnish register in 2009.
World class ropaxes for fast Baltic crossing
Coastal shipping in Finland
The East Indiamen
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 2, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands
Trade and civilisation in the Indian Ocean : an economic history from the rise of Islam to 1750
Seafaring labour : the merchant marine of Atlantic Canada, 1820-1914
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Review of maritime transport, 2001 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Yankee India : American commercial and cultural encounters with India in the age of sail, 1784-1860
Finnish merchant fleet in 2009.
Baltic Sea transport to and from Russia today and in the future
