http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8076 plant diseases
plant diseases
Principles and practice of managing soilborne plant pathogens
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Pine wilt disease
Incidence of viruses and virus-like diseases in sweetpotato in Uganda
Disease problems in root trainer forest nurseries in Kerala state and their management
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
Plant diseases
Compendium of cotton diseases
Symptoms of viruses diseases in plants : with indexes of names in English, Dutch, German, French, and Italian
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
Hunger signs in crops : a symposium
Expression patterns and phylogenetic analysis of two xylanase genes (htxyl1 and htxyl2) from Helminthosporium turcicum, the cause of northern leaf blight of maize
Handbook of phytoalexin metabolism and action
Ecology and genomics of Dickeya solani, a new soft rot bacterium infecting potatoes
Effects of sowing time on pink snow mould, leaf rust and winter damage in winter rye varieties in Finland
Principles of plant infection
Geospatial techniques for managing environmental resources
Analysis of putative interactions between potyviral replication proteins and plant retinoblastoma proteins
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Strains of Peru tomato virus infecting cocona (Solanum sessiliflorum), tomato and pepper in Peru with referance to genome evolution in genus Potyvirus
Incidence of viruses infecting sweetpotato in Tanzania
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Plant pathology and plant pathogens
Bacterial disease resistance in plants : molecular biology and biotechnological applications
Botrytis : biology, pathology and control
Apple proteins that interact with DspA/E, a pathogenicity effector of Erwinia amylovora, the fire blight pathogen
Viruses and virus diseases of plants
Plant-associated bacteria
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Report on the occurrence of fungus, bacterial and allied diseases of crops in England and Wales, for the years 1925, 1926 and 1927
Growth and defence in plants : resource allocation at multiple scales
Handbook of plant virus diseases
Potyviral 6K2 protein long-distance movement and symptom-induction functions are independent and host-specific
Dutch elm disease and the American elm : the risks and benefits of monoculture
Methods for the diagnosis of bacterial diseases of plants
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Virus-insect-plant interactions
Molecular plant pathology : vol. 1
The hypersensitive reaction in plants to pathogens : a resistance phenomenon
The morphology and life history of the chestnut blight fungus
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Plant pathologist`s pocketbook
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
The powdery mildews (Erysiphales) of Europe
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Brighton Crop Protection Conference : pests and diseases -1992 : vol. 1-3
Biologiska bekämpningen inom växtpatologin : Nordiska forskarkursen i växtpatologi = Biological control of plant diseases : Scandinavian post-graduate course in plant pathology
Plant pathology : problems and progress 1908-1958
RNA Silencing and its Inhibition in transgenic Tobacco Plants
A novel insertion site inside the potyvirus P1 cistron allows expression of heterologous proteins and suggests some P1 functions
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Compendium of tropical fruit diseases
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
International journal of tropical plant diseases
Ecology of woodlands and forests : description, dynamics and diversity
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
An anatomical study of the fruit-body of the wood-rotting fungus Ganoderma lucidum (Leys.) Karst. in Palestine
Mycotrophy in plants : lectures on the biology of Mycorrhizae and related structures
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
Virus and virus-like diseases of potatoes and production of seed-potatoes
The readthrough region of Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) coat protein encoding RNA, the second largest RNA of PMTV genome, undergoes structural changes in naturally infected and experimentally inoculated plants
Brighton Crop Protection Conference : pests and diseases -1992 : a compilation of papers presented at the Conference by Bayer and independent co-operating researchers
Molecular genetic characterization of sweet potato virus G. (SPVG) isolates from areas of the Pacific Ocean and Southern Africa
The blue light syndrome
Arboriculture : integrated management of landscape trees, shrubs, and vines
"Respected and known worldwide in the field for his research in plant nutrition, Dr. Horst Marschner authored two editions of Mineral Nutrition of Higher Plants. His research greatly advanced the understanding of plant nutrition ranging from rhizosphere processes to nutrient uptake and utilization by plants in the field. While visiting field experiments in West Africa in 1996, Dr. Marschner contracted malaria and passed away, and until now this legacy title went unrevised. Despite the passage of time, it remains the definitive reference on plant mineral nutrition. Since the last edition, great progress has been made in the understanding of various aspects of plant nutrition. In recent years, the perspective on the mode of action of nutrients in plant metabolism and yield formation has shifted. Much progress has been made in the molecular aspects of nutrient uptake and transport within plants as well as the responses of plants to nutrient deficiency or toxicity. These and many other developments are covered in this long-awaited new edition."--P. [4] of cover.
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Plant disease : a natural history
Insect resistance in crop plants
Compendium of umbelliferous crop diseases
Handbook of plant virology
RNA silencing-mediated resistance to a crinivirus (Closteroviridae) in cultivated sweetpotato (Ipomoea batatas L.) and development of sweetpotato virus disease following co-infection with a potyvirus
Classification and nomenclature of viruses : 5th report of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses
Expression, localization and effects on virulence of the cysteine-rich 8 kDa protein of Potato mop-top virus
Microarray profiling of host-extract-induced genes and charactarization of the type VI secretion cluster in the potato pathogen Pectobacterium atrosepticum
Reproducibility of suppression of Pythium wilt of cucumber by compost
Genetic diversity of Wheat dwarf virus
There is increasing global interest in using compost to suppress soil-borne fungal and bacterial diseases and nematodes. We studied the reproducibility of compost suppressive capacity (SC) against Pythium wilt of cucumber using nine composts produced by the same composting plant in 2008 and 2009. A bioassay was set up in a greenhouse using cucumber inoculated with two strains of Pythium. The composts were used as 20% mixtures (v:v) of a basic steam-sterilized light Sphagnum peat and sand (3:1, v:v). Shoot height was measured weekly during the 5-week experiment. At harvest, the SC was calculated as the % difference in shoot dry weight (DW) between non-inoculated and inoculated cucumbers. The SC was not affected by year of production (2008 or 2009), indicating reproducibility of SC when the raw materials and the composting method are not changed. Differences in shoot height were not as pronounced as those for shoot DW. The results were encouraging, but further studies are still needed for producing compost with guaranteed suppressiveness properties.
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Phytoplasma from little leaf disease affected sweetpotato in Western Australia : detection and phylogeny
Transient coexpression of individual genes encoded by the triplegene block of potato mop-top virus reveals requirements for TGBp1 trafficking
Disease of Gladiolus caused by Bacillus variegatus Rainio n. sp
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Strawberry : growth, development and diseases
The characteristics of some isolates of tobacco mosaic virus X causing streak on tomato
Compendium of strawberry diseases
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
A monograph of Cercosporella, Ramularia and allied genera (phytopathogenic Hyphomycetes). Vol. 2
Handbook of molecular technologies in crop disease management
A textbook of plant virus diseases
The diagnosis of mineral deficiencies in plants by visual symptoms : a colour atlas and guide
Potato scab in Scandinavian countries
Fungal plant pathogens causing cereal diseases in Finland have been studied by a literature survey, and a field survey of cereal leaf spot diseases conducted in 2009. Fifty-seven cereal fungal diseases have been identified in Finland. The first available references on different cereal fungal pathogens were published in 1868 and the most recent reports are on the emergence of Ramularia collo-cygni and Fusarium langsethiae in 2001. The incidence of cereal leaf spot diseases has increased during the last 40 years. Based on the field survey done in 2009 in Finland, Pyrenophora teres was present in 86%, Cochliobolus sativus in 90% and Rhynchosporium secalis in 52% of the investigated barley fields. Mycosphaerella graminicola was identified for the first time in Finnish spring wheat fields, being present in 6% of the studied fields. Stagonospora nodorum was present in 98% and Pyrenophora tritici-repentis in 94% of spring wheat fields. Oat fields had the fewest fungal diseases. Pyrenophora chaetomioides was present in 63% and Cochliobolus sativus in 25% of the oat fields studied.
Compendium of rose diseases
Compendium of wheat diseases
Glossary of plant-pathological terms
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
Cherry leaf roll virus abundant on Betula pubescens in Finland
Advances in plant pathology. Vol. 10
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
Diseases of tropical fruit crops
Biological control of microbial plant pathogens
Ceratocystis and Ophiostoma : taxonomy, ecology, and pathogenicity
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Phylloxera : how wine was saved for the world
Proceedings of the XIIIth International Workshop on Fire Blight : Zürich, Switzerland, July 2-5, 2013
Biological control of crop diseases
Prochloraz tolerance of Pyrenophora teres population in Finland
Sequence variability within the 3-́proximal part of the Sweet potato mild mottle virus genome
Survey and control of seedborne diseases of tomatoes in Zambia : report from a minor field study
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Analysis of the P1 gene sequences and the 3-́terminal sequences and secondary structures of the single-stranded RNA genome of Potato virus V.
Resistance of potato to cucumber mosaic virus appears related to localization in inoculated leaves
A monograph of Cercosporella, Ramularia and allied genera (phytopathogenic Hyphomycetes). Vol. 1
Potatoes postharvest
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Effects of crop rotation on potato production in the temperate zones : proceedings of the International conference on effects of crop rotation on potato production in the temperate zones, held August 14-19, 1988, Wageningen, the Netherlands
Wheat : science and trade
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
Advances in downy mildew research. Vol. 2
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Diseases and pests on horticultural planting material : a guide to their recognition
Smut disease of pearl millet
Diseases of fruit crops
Complete genome sequence and analyses of the subgenomic RNAs of Sweet potato chlorotic stunt virus reveal several new features for the genus Crinivirus
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
Pests and diseases of sandalwood plants in nurseries and their management
Virus and virus-like diseases of major crops in developing countries
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
A check list of plant diseases and fungi occurring in Egypt
Viruses and virus diseases of Poaceae (Gramineae)
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
Color atlas of turfgrass diseases : disease characteristics and control
Growing healthy vegetable crops : working with nature to control diseases and pests organically
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Molecular characterization of viruses causing the cassava brown streak disease epidemic in Eastern Africa
Systemic fungal diseases in natural plant populations
An unusual structure at one end of potato potyvirus particles
Occurence of soil borne pathogens on beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) in Nicaragua
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Armillaria root disease
Movement-associated proteins of potato virus A : attachment to virus particles and phosphorylation
Field crop diseases
Insect transmission of plant diseases
List of the principal plant diseases determined in Peru by the La Molina Agricultural Experimental Station
Mechanisms of resistance to plant diseases
Compendium of barley diseases
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Diseases of woody ornamentals and trees in nurseries
Organic strawberry production : a grower's guide
Old and fresh Gremmeniella abietina damage on Scots pine in eastern Lapland in 1992.
Pine wilt disease : a worldwide threat to forest ecosystems
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Discovery and Development of Innovative Strategies for Postharvest Disease Management : Kusadasi, Turkey, April 28-May 2, 2013
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 2, Fungicides
Coat protein sequence analysis reveals occurrence of new strains of Sweet potato featherly mottle virus in Uganda and Tanzania
Late blight and the Irish potato famine : Darin M. Eastburn and Cleora J. D'Arcy
Journal of phytopathology
Temperature adaptation in a changing climate : nature at risk
Taxonomic manual of the Erysiphales (powdery mildews)
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Management of turfgrass diseases
Anatomical and cytological comparison of the development of crown gall in three host species
Compendium of onion and garlic diseases
Plant diseases : their biology and social impact
Referat.
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Twenty-fifth Annual Report of the Canadian Plant Disease Survey
Encyclopedia of annuals and perennials
Westcott's plant disease handbook
A comparative study of methods for diagnosing bacterial stem and leaf rot of Dieffenbachia and potato blackleg, and an evaluation of their possible application in the potato micropropagation programme
Marschner's mineral nutrition of higher plants
Handbook of plant diseases
Diseases of vegetables : Cucurbits, garlic, lettuce, onion, tomato
General concepts in integrated pest and disease management
Diseases of small fruits : Blackberry, blueberry, cranberry, grape, raspberry, strawberry
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
The emergence of cereal fungal diseases and the incidence of leaf spot diseases in Finland
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Applied principles of horticultural science
Potyvirus complexes in sweetpotato : occurrence in Australia, serological and molecular resolution, and analysis of the sweet potato virus 2 (SPV2) component
Tobacco mosaic virus : one hundred years of contributions to virology
Phoma-Didymella complex on hybrid arctic bramble with wilting symptoms
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
Effects of disease on the physiology of the growing plant
