http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8079 merchant ships
merchant ships
The windjammers
Baltic shipping in the era of globalisation : co-operation publication with Institute of Maritime  Transport and Seaborne Trade and Centre for maritime studies
The Baltic as a trade road : timber trade in the Baltic area, competition between steam and sails : VII Baltic seminar in Kotka 10.-12.8.1989
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
Maritime logistics : a complete guide to effective shipping and port management
Merchant ships : a pictorial study
"This book tells the story of how people experienced the eighteenth-century crossing of the Atlantic Ocean, exploring the transformative journey undertaken by the thousands of Europeans who journeyed in search of a better life. Stephen Berry shows how the ships, on which passengers were contained in close quarters for months at a time, operated as compressed "frontiers," where diverse groups encountered one another and established new patterns of social organization. As he argues that experiences aboard ship served as a profound conversion experience for travelers, both spiritually and culturally, Berry reframes the history of Atlantic migrations, giving the ocean and the ship a more prominent role in Atlantic history. The ocean was more than a backdrop for human events: it actively shaped historical experiences by furnishing a dissociative break from normal patterns of life and a formative stage in travelers' processes of collective identification"--
Merchant sailing ships, 1775-1815 : their design and construction
The armed transport Bounty
Jane's merchant ships
The Maʻagan Mikhael ship. Volume 3, A reconstruction of the hull
Pommern, Mariehamn : from ocean carrier to museum ship
British shipping : its history, organisation and importance
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Finnish merchant vessels
Major shipping countries : trade and freight market development
The heyday of sail : the merchant sailing ship , 1650-1830
The history of ships
A survey of the mentality of Finnish merchant sailors at the turn of the century
The Gresham Ship Project : a 16th-Century Merchantman Wrecked in the Princes Channel, Thames Estuary
Merchant ship construction : especially written for the merchant navy
Contracts for the carriage of goods by sea
A path in the mighty waters : shipboard life & Atlantic crossings to the New World
Merchant fleets in profile. 1, The ships of the P&O, Orient and Blue Anchor lines
Dhow cultures and the Indian Ocean : cosmopolitanism, commerce and Islam
Conway's history of the ship. [3], The shipping revolution : the modern merchant ship
Merchant ship types
Angel Gabriel : the elusive English galleon: its history and the search for its remains
Wooden fortresses : merchant ships in the Carolinian Age
Attack and sink! : the battle for convoy SC42
Trampschiffahrt : Entwicklung - Bedeutung - Marktelemente = Tramp shipping : development - significance - market elements
Baltic timber-trade under sail : an example of the persistence of old techniques
Specification 6100/7800 dwt cargo motorship for Comissão de Marinha Mercante, Rio de Janeiro
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD
Sea-trading. Vol. 1, The Ships
The spatial distribution of international ship registries 1981-2000
The shipping revolution : the modern merchant ship
Fuel-saving instructions for merchant ships
Urbanism under sail : an archaeology of fluit ships in early modern everyday life
The fighting Liberty ships : a memoir
The voyage of the 'Frolic' : New England merchants and the opium trade
Mercantile shipping of Finland
Cross-border trade in Karelia from the middle ages to the October revolution 1917
World shipbuilding statistics
Conway's history of the ship. [10], The golden age of shipping : the classic merchant ship 1900-1960
The tea clippers : an account of the China tea trade and of some of the British sailing ships engaged in it from 1849 to 1869
Merchant sailing ships 1775-1815 : sovereignty of sail
"Those captured, killed and blown in the air" - merchant seamen in the 1788-90 war
Laws relating to shipping and merchant marine. Vol. 2, 91st through 96th Congress
More miniature merchant ships : the new guide to waterline ship modelling in 1/1200 scale
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD-ROM
Merchant fleets in profile. 2, The ships of the Cunard, American, red Star, Inman, Leyland, Dominion, Atlantic Transport and Whitw Star Lines
From High Arctic to Antarctica : ships of Thom Companies on the seven seas
Suomen kauppalaivasto = Finlands handelsflotta = Finland's mercantile marine. 1947, 28
Architectura navalis mercatoria
The fourth service : merchantmen at war 1939-45
Abc of ocean liners
Suomen kauppalaivasto 2006 = Finlands handelsflotta 2006 = The Finnish merchant marine 2006.
Convoy : merchant sailors at war, 1939-1945
Merchant ships : British built 1952
Thermopylae : history of the world's fastest clipper = história do clipper mais veloz do mundo
The new observer's book of ships
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Seaborne trade forecasts 1981 : a synoptical review
The China clippers
Trade Union organizations on Soviet ships
Poor Jack : the perilous history of the merchant seaman
The last of the Cape Horners : firsthand accounts from the final days of the commercial tall ship
The world's merchant fleets, 1939 : the particulars and wartime fates of 6,000 ships
The National watercraft collection
Trade, plunder and settlement : maritime enterprise and the genesis of the British Empire, 1480-1630
The Geldermalsen : history and porcelain
Seafarers' rights in the globalized maritime industry
Young people in the Soviet merchant marine
Sea of poppies
Miniature merchant ships : a guide to waterline modelling in 1/1200 scale
Merchants of Canton and Macao : politics and strategies in eighteenth-century Chinese trade
Ship identification. Part 1, Merchant ships : (engines amidships)
Ocean ships
Merchant ship types : a survey of the various units engaged in the water transport of people and merchandise
Advances in maritime logistics and supply chain systems
Merchant fleets in profile. 3, Union, Castle&Unon-Castle, Allan and Canadian Pacific lines
Liberty : the ships that won the war
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Merchant ships : British built : vessels of 300 tons gross and over completed in 1953.
The Maʻagan Mikhael ship. Volume 1, The recovery of a 2400-year-old merchantman : final report
British steamships in the Baltic, 1820-1870
Improving energy efficiency and environmental sustainability of a bulk carrier
Conway's history of the ship. [5], The advent of steam : the merchant steamship before 1900
Dutch ships in tropical waters : the development of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) shipping network in Asia 1595-1660
Merchant fleets in profile. 4, The ships of the Hamburg America, Adler and Carr lines
