http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8071 fair trade
fair trade
Central Finland hotels' interest towards Fair Trade products
Key concepts in corporate social responsibility
Trading stories : experiences with gender and trade
Slow Fashion offers creatives, entrepreneurs, and ethical consumers alike a glimpse into the innovative world of the eco-concept store movement, sustainable design, and business that puts people, livelihoods and sustainability central to everything they do. Safia Minney argues that the future of brick and mortar retail is in the best in fair trade, sustainable, and organic products, together with vintage, second hand, and local produce. Restorative economics, the well-being of our planet, and our bodies and minds can be inspired by this growing sector, one that is shaping big business. This book curates pioneering people and projects that will inspire you to be part of the change.
Fair trade within green business
Globalization and the global politics of justice
Brewing justice : fair trade coffee, sustainability, and survival
Organic, biodynamic and fair trade wines are the three certified wine categories in wine sales. Standards for organic and biodynamic concentrate more on the process of wine making, where as fair trade standards concentrate on the rights and fair pay of the wine workers.      The aim of this thesis is to find out the position, popularity and development of organic and fair trade wines on the wine lists of Finnish restaurants. The position of fair-trade wines will be compared to the position of organic wines, which have been on the market for a longer period. The literature review discusses topics such as organic, biodynamic and fair trade labels, ethical wine consumerism and restaurant wine sales. The empirical part introduces quantitative research on organic and fair trade wines in Finnish restaurants executed in survey form.     The survey is aimed to the sommelier, restaurant manager or the person in charge of wine in the restaurant The research was executed as an electronic survey sent to 289 restaurants all over Finland, during early spring 2010. The return rate of the survey was 40 percent with 117/289. A limitation to the results of the thesis was the low return rate of the survey and not all respondents answering to all of the questions.    Overall the results of the thesis give insight to the position of organic-, biodynamic- and fair trade wine in Finnish restaurants and how these three groups compare to each other in terms of representation, popularity and quality perceptions. The results of the research showed that organic wine was most popular in Finnish restaurants. A majority of 46 percent had one or two different organic labels. Overall attitudes about organic wine were very positive. Biodynamic wine was more popular than fair trade wine, with 45 percent of the restaurants that had biodynamic wine on offer. 23 percent of restaurants had fair trade wine on their wine list. Attitudes towards fair trade wine were still positive. Despite positive attitudes towards both organic and fair trade respondents were not planning on increasing the amount in their wine selection.
Environmental certifications, fair trade and social justice
Marketing and society. Block 3, Responsible business marketing
Fair trade role in developing corporate social responsibility
Handbook of research on fair trade
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
Fair Trade coffee certification : a tool for rural development and environmental protection in Nicaragua?
Managing motivation of people in fair trade -organizations
Fair trade, corporate accountability and beyond : experiments in globalizing justice
The objective of this thesis was to research the motivation of people involved in promoting Fair Trade in Austria through an Fair Trade Organization (FTO). Once this was achieved, suggestions for an optimal organizational incentive and reward system which keeps up people's enthusiasm, their willingness to engage in and - in the end - their performance could be made. The study was structured on the following questions: What kind of people engage in FTOs, which incentives are used in FTOs, what are the motivators for people working in FTOs and how should incentive systems in FTOs look like?    The introduction presents the current players in Austria's Fair Trade System - ARGE Welt-läden, EZA Fairer Handel GmbH and FAIRTRADE Austria and which role they presently take up. The theoretical framework was based on literate review of the most influential and recognized motivation theories, which attempt to explain peoples' behavior and thus built the fundament for designing measures to manage employees' effort. These measures cover incentives, rewards, organizational structures and more, which are described in the second part of the literature review.    The study was conducted in the form of an online questionnaire, which was distributed via the three presented organizations to their personnel and volunteers. The link to the questionnaire was online from the 28th of February until the 15th of March where 108 people responded. The analytical approach was quantitative with a minor qualitative part.
Fair trade roses & corporate social responsibility : Gimmick or genuine
Fair Trade Between Uruguay and Finland : Business Opportunities
The ethical consumer
The sociology of food and agriculture
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Fair trade and the citizen-consumer : shopping for justice?
Perspectives to global social development
The handbook of organic and fair trade food marketing
Fair trade coffee : the prospects and pitfalls of market-driven social justice
The role of fair trade in corporate social responsibility
Importance of fair-trade and environmental issues among coffee consumers
The contemporary global social movements : emergent proposals, connectivity and development implications
The impact of fair trade on coffee producers : analysing the position of small-scale farmers in the coffee commodity chain
Mariposa : encounters in weaving
Chocolate nations : living and dying for cocoa in West Africa
Landmarks for sustainability : events and initiatives that have changed our world
Environmental and social standards, certification and labelling for cash crops
Making globalization work
Fair trade : market-driven ethical consumption
Women and South-North relations : report on the Seminar in Helsinki 19-20 February 1988
How does fairtrade affect the market? : a case study in South Africa
The many faces of fair trade : ethics versus efficiency as basis for trade
This book explores the politics borne of consumption through the case of coffee activism and ethical consumption. It analyses the agencies, structures, repertoires and technologies of promotion and participation in the politics of fair trade consumption through an exploration of the relationship between activism and consumption.
Eco-fashion, a trend or commercially sustainable future?
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers, and laborers
Ekologisten & eettisten palveluiden opas : Tampere = Guide to ecological & ethical services in Tampere
Business Process Plan of the Option to Include Cameroon Cocoa the into Marketing and Production : Case: Dammenberg Chocolate Factory. Finland
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Fair trade for all : how trade can promote development
Buying into fair trade : culture, morality, and consumption
Fair trade critiques the historical inequalities inherent in international trade and seeks to promote social justice by creating alternative networks linking marginalized producers (typically in the global South) with progressive consumers (typically in the global North).
Tourism as fair trade : NGO perpectives
Developing marketing and distribution of Finnish Association of World Shops
Fair trade : a beginner's guide
Free trade versus fair trade : the making of American trade policy in a political environment
Fashion and the consumer
The Costa Rican experience of fair trade coffee : impact on producers and producer organisations
Impacts of fair trade certification on coffee farmers, cooperatives, and laborers in Nicaragua
The rough guide to food
The fair trade scandal : marketing poverty to benefit the rich
What's fair? : the paradox of seeking justice through markets / Mark Moberg and Sarah Lyon -- Fair trade and the specialty coffee market : growing alliances, shifting rivalries / Julia Smith -- A new world? : neoliberalism and fair trade farming in the Eastern Caribbean / Mark Moberg -- Fair flowers : environmental and social labeling in the global cut flower trade / Catherine Ziegler -- Colonial pasts and fair trade futures : changing modes of production and regulation on darjeeling tea plantations / Sarah Besky -- A market of our own : women's livelihoods and fair trade markets / Sarah Lyon -- Fractured ties : the business of development in Kenyan fair trade tea / Catherine S. Dolan -- Fair trade craft production and indigenous economies : reflections on "acceptable" indigeneities / Patrick C. Wilson -- Fair money, fair trade : tracing alternative consumption in a local currency economy / Faidra Papavasiliou -- Relationship coffees : structure and agency in the fair trade system / Molly Doane -- Novica, Navajo knock-offs, and the 'net : a critique of fair trade marketing practices / Kathy M'Closkey -- Naming rights : ethnographies of fair trade / Jane Henrici
Globalizing responsibility : the political rationalities of ethical consumption
Fair trade, sustainability and social change
Manifesto of the poor : solutions come from below
Making trouble: fighting for fair trade jewellery
The economic impacts of fair trade in tourism
Hidden hands in the market : ethnographies of fair trade, ethical consumption, and corporate social responsibility
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Planning for a sustainable future
The market for non-traditional agricultural exports
Bananas and coffee : diffusion of fair trade produce in Finland
Organic and fair trade wine in restaurants sales
Eco chic : the savvy shopper's guide to ethical fashion
Material culture studies and creative teaching of commodity geographies
The economics of fair trade coffee: for whose benefit? : an investigation into the limits of fair trade as a development tool and the risk of clean-washing
Coffee activism and the politics of fair trade and ethical consumption in : political consumerism and cultural citizenship
In a politically uncertain and distrusted world, citizens appear to be seeking political expression in their everyday lives and quite prominently in their consumption practices. In advanced consumer societies, the politics of consumption have come to the centre stage. This book elaborates on the grounded perceptions, practices and problematizations of the equation of political action and market action. It presents the opportunities and hindrances of alternative forms of partaking in civic life by exploring how coffee activism presents a fruitful opportunity for citizens to participate in political life, how cultural citizenship can offer insights into the operation of everyday politics and how neoliberal narratives are framing discourses of coffee activism. The politics behind products can illuminate global tensions and engage citizens in social justice, but at the same time can confine civic action in the marketplace and anesthetise political action.
Eco-textile labelling. 2008 : a guide for manufacturers, retailers and brands
Ecological intelligence : knowing the hidden impacts of what we buy
Naked fashion : the new sustainable fashion revolution
The politics of fair trade : a survey
The Fair Trade Scandal takes aim at the Fair Trade consumer movement which many assume to be entirely benign. Through a razor-sharp analysis based on insider knowledge, Ndongo Sylla shows that there is a big gap between the rhetoric of Fair Trade and its practical results. Sylla shows empirically that Fair Trade excludes those who need it the most and that its benefits are essentially captured by the wealthiest groups in the supply chain. Based on his experience of working for Fairtrade International, Sylla shows the flaws in the Fair Trade system which compromise its ethical mission. The Fair Trade Scandal is both a provocative and deeply informative exploration of the Fair Trade phenomenon, suitable for specialists and non-specialists alike.
Fair Trade is arguably a contested brand in the market. There has been a debate to whether Fair Trade is really fair. Fair Trade claims to help producers in developing countries to compete fairly in the international market. The author commissioned an independent study on Fair Trade Roses. The main objective of the research was conducted to find out whether Fair Trade was actually helping producers in Kenya. The topic was triggered by the author's curiosity in Fair Trade. The Fair Trade Roses spurred the author's interest as it came from a developing country, Kenya which the author has ties to. The case study was based on Fair Trade Roses which are grown in Kenya, a developing country and how and if Fair Trade has helped the individuals involved. The thesis was a qualitative study and most of the secondary research data was collected from several literature and online sources. The primary data was collected through interviews; a flower farm field visit, and events related to Fair Trade attended by the author. The research and study took 10 months to gather information. The author discovered negative aspects to Fair Trade that question Fair Trade's authenticity. Its sale in Finland has been tremendous growth of corporations selling the product it is overall positive and helpful towards the socio-economic development of development communities.
Food systems failure : the global food crisis and the future of agriculture
Constructing Fair Tourism in Ecuador : The Case of Asoguabo
In and against the market : the limits of fair trade
Tourism and inequality : problems and prospects
Essays on emotional influences in consumer food choice : understanding emotional intricacies in consumers' price vs. ethicality trade-off decisions, and perceptions of genetically modified food products
Fair trade : the challenges of transforming globalization
Fair trade organic coffee production in Nicaragua : sustainable development or a poverty trap?
Alternatives for economy : liberation from the straitjacket of "economy"
"Stamped on products from coffee to handicrafts, the term "fair trade" has quickly become one of today's most seductive consumer buzzwords. Purportedly created through fair labor practices, or in ways that are environmentally sustainable, fair-trade products give buyers peace of mind in knowing that, in theory, how they shop can help make the world a better place. Buying into Fair Trade turns the spotlight onto this growing trend, exploring how fair-trade shoppers think about their own altruism within an increasingly global economy. Using over 100 interviews with fair-trade consumers, national leaders of the movement, coffee farmers, and artisans, author Keith Brown describes both the strategies that consumers use to confront the moral contradictions involved in trying to shop ethically and the ways shopkeepers and suppliers reconcile their need to do good with the ever-present need to turn a profit. In addition to his in-depth analysis of the fair-trade market, Brown also provides a how-to chapter that outlines strategies readers can use to appear altruistic. This chapter highlights the ways that socially responsible markets have been detached from issues of morality. A fascinating account of how consumers first learn about, understand, and sometimes ignore the ethical implications of shopping, Buying into Fair Trade sheds new light on the potential for the fair trade market to reshape the world into a more socially-just place."--Publisher's website.
Fair Trade and Social Justice : Global Ethnographies
The eco worrier's handbook : finding the wood while saving the tree
The fair trade revolution
World food alphabet
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
50 reasons to buy fair trade
Artisans and fair trade : crafting development
Coffee and community : Maya farmers and fair-trade markets
The food book
Essays on the economics of environmental and sustainability labelling
Unfair trade : the shocking truth behind 'ethical' business
Slow fashion : aesthetics meets ethics
Social and solidarity economy : beyond the fringe
Sustainable consumption, ecology and fair trade
