http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8084 political education
political education
Research of vs research for education policy : in an era of transnational policy-making
The good communist : elite training and state building in today's China
Democracy and association
Summary (s. 11-24).
Toward critical patriotism : student resistance to political education in Hong Kong and China
No more failures : ten steps to equity in education
European citizenship - in the process of construction ... : challenges for citizenship, citizenship education and democratic practice in Europe
Intergrating political science, education and public policy : international perspectives on decision-making, systems theory and socialization research
Social justice art : a framework for activist art pedagogy
Socialization to politics : a reader
The Routledge Handbook of Applied Communication Research provides a state-of-the-art review of communication scholarship that addresses real-world concerns, issues, and problems. This comprehensive examination of applied communication research - including its foundations, research methods employed, significant issues confronted, important contexts in which such research has been conducted, and overviews of some exemplary programs of applied communication research shows how such research has and can make a difference in the world and in people's lives. Unique to this volume are chapters presenting exemplary programs of applied communication research that demonstrate the principles and practices of such scholarship, written by the scholars who conducted the programs.
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 7, Near-East
Educational leadership and Hannah Arendt
New arenas of education governance : the impact of international organizations and markets on educational policy making
Practicing participation : exchanging good practices for the promotion of an active citizenship in the European Union : Good Citizen Participation Practices conference
Educating for peace in a time of "permanent war": are schools part of the solution or the problem?
Shaping figures : learning for competence and citizenship
Political socialization in Hungary : the duality of institutional and non-institutional processes
How green is your class? : over 50 ways your students can make a difference
Citizenship and education in twenty-eight countries : civic knowledge and engagement at age fourteen
Political culture in transition : a case study of young people confronting civic education in the net and beyond
Experiment in education : what we can learn from teaching Germany
Essays on citizenship
Biographical observations on active citizenship learning in Finland
Education and political transition : themes and experiences in East Asia
"The relationship between education and democratic development has been a growing theme in debates focussed upon public education, but there has been little work that has directly related educational leadership to wider issues of freedom, politics and practice. Engaging with ELMA through the work of Hannah Arendt enables these issues of power to be directly confronted. Arendt produced texts that challenged notions of freedom and politics, and notably examined the lives of people, ideas and historical events in ways that are pertinent to the purposes and practices of education. This significant volume examines the main texts in the Arendt library and explains each of the key ideas and how they can enable critical thinking about knowledge production and practice in educational leadership. The analysis draws upon a range of exemplars and empirical projects from the field of educational leadership, investigating utility issues regarding Arendt's ideas, and engaging with the debates concerning her insights and contribution."
Composing the citizen : music as public utility in Third Republic France
In the service of young people? : studies and reflections on media in the digital age
Impure acts : the practical politics of cultural studies
Higher education and civic engagement : international perspectives
Education, philosophy and politics : the selected works of Michael A. Peters
Political learning and citizenship in Europe
The internet generation : engaged citizens or political dropouts
Rethinking politics for the knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & ethics, social and political philosophy
Citizenship and education in liberal-democratic societies : teaching for cosmopolitan values and collective identities
The family and the political self
Autocracy and democracy : an experimental inquiry
Comenius und der Weltfriede = Comenius and world peace
Handbook of research on civic engagement in youth
Performing justice : agitation trials in early Soviet Russia
Swaddling, shame and society : on psychohistory and Russia
On communist education : speech delivered at a short course for the agitators of the City and County Party Committees of the country November 20, 1958
Engaging the electorate : initiatives to promote voter turnout from around the world : including voter turnout data from national elections worldwide 1945-2006
This book shows how John Dewey's visit to China from 1919-21 influenced his social and political thought.
Developing critical thinkers : challenging adults to explore alternative ways of thinking and acting
Finnish communism visited
John Dewey in China : to teach and to learn
On political socialization and education : investigations into an argumentation for a good political belief system
Political and citizenship education : international perspectives
Chilling out : the cultural politics of substance consumption, youth and drug policy
Sociology : introductory readings
Civic education and competences for engaging citizens in democracies
Preventing deadly conflict : final report, with executive summary
The pedagogical state : education and the politics of national culture in post-1980 Turkey
Youth in revolutionary Russia : enthusiasts, bohemians, delinquents
Government report to Parliament on the human rights policy of Finland 2009.
"Has China become just another capitalist country in a socialist cloak? Will the Chinese Communist Party's rule survive the next ten years of modernization and globalization? Frank Pieke investigates these conundrums in this fascinating account of how government officials are trained for placement in the Chinese Communist Party. Through in-depth interviews with staff members and aspiring trainees, he shows that while the Chinese Communist Party has undergone a radical transformation since the revolutionary years under Mao, it is still incumbent upon cadres, who are selected through a highly rigorous process, to be ideologically and politically committed to the party. It is the lessons learnt through their teachers that shape the political and economic decisions they will make in power. The book offers unique insights into the structure and the ideological culture of the Chinese government, and how it has reinvented itself over the last three decades as a neo-socialist state"--Provided by publisher.
Education, culture and values. Volume 6, Politics, education and citizenship
Teaching for dissent : citizenship education and political activism
Prevention through political action and social change
Feminism and Islam : legal and literary perspectives
The politics of education : teachers and school reform in Weimar Germay
Children as citizens : education for participation
Democracy or nationalism? : education in post-communist Europe
This book re-examines aspects of historical socialism, and includes case studies of education within twenty-first century socialist and post-socialist contexts shaped by the trajectories of historical socialism. Through these case studies, contributions offer insights into key questions: How are education systems and student subjectivities shaped by post-socialist trajectories and current regional politics, economics and resistance movements? How do sedimented socialist discourses and geographies alter and contest the 'neoliberal child' and 'childhood' in post-socialist education? How have disjunctures between the rhetoric of historical Marxism-Leninism and the practices of educators, students and student political organizations played out under socialism, and what could we learn from that for our present? How much emancipatory potential is there in the theories and practices of (popular) education for combatting injustice in the absence of mass, revolutionary political parties? Above all, this volume affirms the need to move beyond simplistic accounts of historical socialism and post-socialist transitions. By exploring how socialist trajectories remain influential and have potential in our current contexts, this book contributes to the work of politically engaged educators working to re-imagine and reconstruct education. This book was originally published as a special issue of Globalisation, Societies and Education.
Citizenship education policies and the state : Russia and Finland in a comparative perspective
Pedagogy and praxis in the age of empire : towards a new humanism
Understanding Japanese society
In its comprehensive analysis of a wide range of primary and secondary sources in both Chinese and Western languages, this authoritative work stands as the definitive study of the theory, implementation and legacy of the Chinese Communist Party's thought-remolding campaign. This decades-long campaign involved the extraction of confessions from millions of Chinese citizens suspected of heterodoxy or disobedience to party dictates, along with their subjection to various forms of "re-education" and indoctrination. Hu Ping's carefully structured overview provides a valuable insider's perspective, and supersedes the previous landmark study on this vastly interesting topic.
Growing into politics : contexts and timing of political socialisation
Rethinking radical education : essays in honour of Brian Simon
Controversy in the classroom : the democratic power of discussion
The thought remolding campaign of the Chinese Communist Party-state
Pathways to democracy
Citizenship and political education today
North American Indian studies : European contributions. 2, Society and art
Moral and political education
Children and political violence
Sounds of change : social and political features of music in Africa
Education in/for socialism : historical, current and future perspectives
Youth in the fatherless land : war pedagogy, nationalism, and authority in Germany, 1914-1918
Processes of community change and social action
The politics of educators' work and lives
Active citizenship : a teaching toolkit
Teaching European citizens : a quasi-experimental study in six countries
Politics in African education
Uncivil wars : political campaigns in a media age
Summary.
Families as educators for global citizenship
Routledge handbook of applied communication research
Teaching the violent past : history education and reconciliation
Knowledge and action within the knowledge based society. [Vol. 3], Social and political philosophy, ethics, psychology and educational sciences
Pedagogies of globalization : the rise of the educational security state
Adult education in crisis situations : Proceedings of the Third International Conference on the History of Adult Education, Jerusalem, April 1990
The blank slate : the modern denial of human nature
Communists on education and culture 1848-1948
"What is the meaning of peace, why should we study it, and how should we achieve it? Although there are an increasing number of manuscripts, curricula and initiatives that grapple with some strand of peace education, there is, nonetheless, a dearth of critical, cross-disciplinary, international projects/books that examine peace education in conjunction with war and conflict. Within this volume, the authors contend that war/military conflict/violence are not a nebulous, far-away, mysterious venture; rather, they argue that we are all, collectively, involved in perpetrating and perpetuating militarization/conflict/violence inside and outside of our own social circles. Therefore, education about and against war can be as liberating as it is necessary. If war equates killing, can our schools avoid engaging in the examination of what war is all about? If education is not about peace, then is it about war? Can a society have education that willfully avoids considering peace as its central objective? Can a democracy exist if pivotal notions of war and peace are not understood, practiced, advocated and ensconced in public debate? These questions, according to Carr and Porfilio and the contributors they have assembled, merit a critical and extensive reflection. This book seeks to provide a range of epistemological, policy, pedagogical, curriculum and institutional analyses aimed at facilitating meaningful engagement toward a more robust and critical examination of the role that schools play (and can play) in framing war, militarization and armed conflict and, significantly, the connection to peace"-- Provided by publisher.
Becoming political : comparative perspectives on citizenship education
Encyclopedia of language and education. Volume 9, Ecology of language
