http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8089 Bachelors of Hospitality Management
Bachelors of Hospitality Management
Changes in the hospitality industry : viewpoints on the hotel, restaurant and tourism field
Finnish language competency as the determining factor for successfully obtaining employment in Helsinki for foreign graduates of HAAGA-HELIA's Degree Programme in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management
Evaluation of the Bachelor of Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management programme : graduate experiences
The direct link between Finnish language competency and successful employment opportunities in Helsinki for the foreign graduate of HAAGA-HELIA's Degree Program in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management is often diluted through hearsay and presupposition. The sheer uncertainty inherent in perceptions amongst the student body and the industry towards this issue instigated the author's decision to focus upon this topic for this thesis.    This research-based thesis aspired to uncover the link between Finnish language competencies of afore mentioned graduates and the Helsinki job market. Theoretical reference was acquired through a comprehensive review of available literature. Empirical research was conducted utilising a mixed methods approach between March and April 2009. With both qualitative and quantitative methods employed, a broad range of data was drawn upon to base conclusions. The philosophies of interpretivism and positivism were considered during the research process. Three groups constituted the avenues of response: Present students, past students and hospitality managers in Helsinki.     Data collated from these sources provided a worthwhile insight to the complex issue of the Finland's gradual internationalisation. Response from hospitality managers suggested there is a possibility for employees to obtain work regardless of their Finnish language skills. Whilst these positions were predominantly entry-level, there were examples given of foreigners successfully working at various levels of the hospitality hierarchy. Past students were equally divided over the restriction of their Finnish language skills in obtaining employment. This often was linked to whether they had remained in Finland and were still working in the hospitality industry. Present students expressed an emphasis on learning Finnish as a means to achieving desired success in Finland.    Secondary issues were raised during the data analysis stage. Perhaps the most notable was that of past and present students' positive perception of the Finnish Government's plan to introduce fees for certain international student programmes commencing in 2010.
How the Hospitality Management Degree in Vaasa University of Applied Sciences Corresponds to Working Life
Piece of cake : English for restaurant and catering services
During the past two decades, a competence approach has gained popularity in education, as a vast amount of educational institutions have been established to provide university level education in those fields that have traditionally relied on vocational education, such as the hospitality and tourism industry. The competency approach is centred on the development of the specific qualities that the industry expects from graduates. Haaga Institute Polytechnic has been running an English Bachelor level degree programme in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management.  Its aim has been to develop competent managers for the hospitality and tourism industry. The Programme has been running for over 10 years, and since its establishment there has not been research conducted to evaluate how successful it has been. This research was set up to find out whether Haaga Institute's Bachelor programme has been successful in identifying and developing the core competencies that are needed by the managers in the hospitality industry.    To find the answer to the research problem, a quantitative research was conducted. The Bachelor Programme graduates were asked to participate.  Data was collected from 15 respondents. The findings indicated that Haaga Institute's Bachelor curriculum has identified the core competences that are needed by managers in the hospitality industry, and that most of the competencies had been well developed during Haaga Institute's education.  Due to the low response rate, the findings cannot be considered definitive, but more as suggestive development ideas.  Though they are only suggestive development ideas, the research suggests that further investigation be done on the core competencies that were considered not as well developed as others.  It also suggests that another, similar research be conducted including both the Finnish and the English degree programmes.
