http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8098 sewage treatment plants
sewage treatment plants wastewater treatment plants
Human pharmaceuticals, hormones and fragrances : the challenge of micropollutants in urban water management
Water services 1997-2001 : evaluation report
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process = Aktiivilietepuhdistamon pystyselkeyttimen lietepatjan simulointi
Industrial waste treatment : [contemporary practice and vision for the future]
The effects of the Southwestern wastewater treatment plant of St. Petersburg
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Wasterwater treatment and technology
Effects of conventional treatment, tertiary treatment and disinfection processes on hygienic and physico-chemical quality of municipal wastewaters
Design of municipal wastewater treatment plants. [Volume 1], [Planning and configuration of wastewater treatment plants]
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Water supply and sewerage
Water treatment handbook
Nitrogen removal by microbial processes in aquatic systems
Dokumentation : Wasser, Abwasser = Documentation : water, wastewater
Assessment of endocrine disrupting activities in the aquatic environment
Natural wastewater treatment systems
Thematic report on HELCOM PITF regional workshops held in Poland : status of the Polish [JCP] hot spots
Wastewater Treatment Plants : Planning, Design, and Operation
Operating large scale membrane bioreactors for municipal wastewater treatment
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Poop Fountain!
Biological sludge minimization and biomaterials/bioenergy recovery technologies
Antibiotic resistance in human impacted environments
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
St.Petersburg - facing huge investment challenges in water supply and sewerage
Instrumentation Control and Automation in Wastewater Systems
The orware simulation model : anaerobic digestion and sewage plant sub-models
Population equivalence based discharge criteria of wastewater treatment plants in Estonia
Dissolved air flotation for water clarification
Vesihuoltolaitokset 31.12.1987 = Water supply and sewer systems 31.12.1987
Handbook of water and wastewater treatment plant operations
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1993 = Water supply and sewer systems 1993.
Commissioning of a Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Plant
Removal of toxic chromium from wastewater
Wastewater engineering : treatment, disposal, and reuse
Optimisation of flotation chemicals for effluent by-pass and tertiary treatment
Simplified wastewater treatment plant operations
Water and wastewater technology
Waste water treatment in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Simplified wastewater treatment plant operations : Workbook
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 9, Water and wastewater management in the Baltic region
Wastewater engineering : treatment and reuse
Wastewater treatment : advanced processes and technologies
Abstract: Wastewater and waste gas treatment in the chemical industry in Finland.
Design of municipal wastewater treatment plants. [Volume 3], [Solids processes and management]
Proceedings of the International conference on new technology for wastewater treatment and sewerage in rural and suburb areas. Hanasaari. 3.-6.10. 1983
Status of the hot spots in Saint-Petersburg and the Leningrad region : thematic report
Potential of municipal sewage treatment plants to remove bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate
Applications of activated sludge models
Water treatment unit processes : physical and chemical
Occurrence of pharmaceuticals in municipal wastewater treatment plants and receiving surface waters in Central and Southern Finland
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1991 = Water supply and sewer systems 1991.
Cost-benefit analysis of municipal water protection measures : environmental benefits versus costs of implementation
Fundamentals of water treatment unit processes : physical, chemical, and biological
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1992 = Water supply and sewer systems 1992.
Wastewater treatment : troubleshooting and problem solving
Tiivistelmä (abstract in Finnish)
Pumping station design
Rapid filtration as a supplementary treatment of domestic sewage
Wastewater engineering : treatment and resource recovery
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
Water and wastewater treatment : a guide for the nonengineering professional
Tracking and identifying wastewater toxicants and assessing their biodegradation products
Production and emission of nitrous oxide in a sewage treatment plant
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Fundamentals of biological wastewater treatment
Recovery of microbial activity in a biofilm wastewater treatment process
Design of municipal wastewater treatment plants. Volumes 1-3, Chapters 1-8, 9-16, 17-24
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Handbook of Biological Wastewater Treatment : Design and Optimisation of Activated Sludge Systems
Occurrence of pharmaceuticals in Finnish sewage treatment plants, surface waters and their elimination in drinking water treatment processes
Sewer processes : microbial and chemical process engineering of sewer networks
"Designed to meet the information needs of professionals without an engineering background, this book describes and explains in simple, non-mathematical terms the unit processes used to treat both drinking water and wastewater. The text presents each unit process, states what function(s) it performs, illustrates what equipment it uses, and explains its role in the process of purifying or cleaning water. Now featuring summary sections, each chapter in this second edition has been fully updated and revised to present the latest regulatory and technological advancements as well as new drinking and wastewater regulatory requirements"--
Waste water treatment by multi-stage biofilm processes : report of the Vesiturva project
125 years of life with water : the history of water services in Helsinki
Water and sanitation services : public policy and management
Wastewater : measurement and automation
Guidelines for using activated sludge models
Small wastewater treatment plants
International financing for Tallinn waste water treatment plant
Mathematical modelling and computer simulation of activated sludge systems
Practical wastewater treatment
Design of municipal wastewater treatment plants. [Volume 2], [Liquid treatment processes]
Status of the hot spots in Denmark, Finland, Germany and Sweden : thematic report
Environmental engineering. [Vol. 1], Water, wastewater, soil and groundwater treatment and remediation
Nitrogen removal using aerobic granular sludge in four different wastewaters
Fate of artificial sweeteners and perfluoroalkyl acids in aquatic environment
Water treatment plant design
