http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8093 electrochemistry
electrochemistry
Determination of dissociation constant of methyl orange from UV-VIS spectrophotometry
Engineering of metal microstructures : process-microstructure-property relationships for electrodeposits
Modern electrochemistry. Volume 2B, Fundamentals of electronics
Techniques and mechanisms in electrochemistry
Electrochemistry of nucleic acids and proteins : towards electrochemical sensors for genomics and proteomics. Volume 1
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. 5
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. 4
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 6
On the effect of particle size distribution on the discharge performance of nickel-metal hydride cells
Electrodeposition of PbS, PbSe and PbTe thin films
Fundamentals of electrochemistry
Electroactive polymer electrochemistry. Part 1, Fundamentals
Calculation of activity coefficients for alkali metal chlorides and bromides from data measured on concentration cells and amalgam cells in dilute aqueous solutions at 298.15 K
Principles of experimental and theoretical electrochemistry
Electroanalytical chemistry
Electrochemistry for chemists
Integrated chemical systems : a chemical approach to nanotechnology
Modelling of ionic transport in ion-exchange membrane
Physical electrochemistry : principles, methods and applications
Electrochemistry and corrosion science
Electrochemical data. Part1, Organic, organometallic, and biochemical substances, Vol. A
Activity coefficients of nitric and perchloric acids in dilute aqueous solutions at 298.15K
Proton transfer controlled reactions at liquid-liquid interfaces
Electrochemistry : English transl
Physicochemical and electrochemical characterization of partially fluorinated proton conducting membranes for fuel cells
Adsorption of molecules at metal electrodes
A novel biomembrane model for electrochemical studies : characterisation and applications
Activity coefficients of aqueous hydrochloric acid up to a molality of 2.0 mol kg[sup -1]
Electrochemical sensors, biosensors, and their biomedical applications
Polymerization of pyrrole and redox processes of polypyrrole : in situ conductance studies
The effect of particle size on the discharge performance of a nickel-metal hydride cell
Electrochemical microsystem technologies
The kinetics of electroreduction of peroxodisulfate anion on cadmium (0001) single chrystal electrode
The first and second stoichiometric dissociation constants of phthalic acid in aqueous solutions of this acid with potassium hydrogen phthalate, dipotassium phthalate and potassium chloride. Part 1, Estimation of the parameters for the activity coefficient model for calculation of the second dissociation constant
Laser electrochemistry of intermediates
Student solutions manual : to accompany Electrochemical methods : fundamentals and applications, second edition [by] Allen J. Bard, Larry R. Faulkner
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 20
Referat.
Activity coefficient equations presented in literature for components in mixed non-electrolyte solutions
Many-electron electrochemical processes : reactions in molten salts, room-temperature ionic liquids and ionic solutions
Electrochemistry for the environment
Electrochemical characteristics of poly(3-octylthiophene) film electrodes
A guide to problems in modern electrochemistry. 1, Ionics
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Volume 7b, Inorganic electrochemistry
Electrochemical and enzymatic In Vitro studies on reactive drug metabolites : synthesis, characterization and avoidance
Semiconductor electrochemistry
Electrochemical monitoring of erosion-corrosion
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. 20
Introduction to electrochemistry
Understanding voltammetry : problems and solutions
Electrochemistry : principles, methods, and applications
The structure of electrolytic solutions
Selecting an embedded PC for the RECON project for Savcor ART Oy
Experimental electrochemistry for chemists
Portable and emergency energy sources
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
The second stoichiometric dissociation constant of phosphoric acid aqueous solutions containing sodium or potassium dihydrogen phosphate and hydrogen phosphate with or without sodium or potassium chloride. Part 1, Estimation of parameters for a model with Hückel equations for ionic activity coefficients
Inquiry into procedures for electrolytic and electro-chemical treatment of mineralized metal antiquities : interim report by R.M. Organ to the joint meeting in Brussels september 1967.
Electroactive polymer electrochemistry. Part 2, Methods and applications
Humphry Davy : science & power
Photoelectrochemical water splitting : materials, processes and architectures
Application of soluble conducting polyaniline and polypyrrole in ion sensors
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Volume 1, Thermodynamics and electrified interfaces
The second stoichiometric dissociation constant of phosphoric acid in aqueous solutions containing sodium or potassium dihydrogen phosphate and hydrogen phosphate with or without sodium or potassium chloride. Part 2, Tests of the resulting activity coefficient model
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 7
Geometric and electronic properties of adsorbate-substrate systems modelled with density-matrix tight-binding method
Principles of electrochemistry
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry.. Volume 10
Temperature dependence of the second stoichiometric dissociation constant of valine, glycine, sarcosine and N,N-dimethylglycine in dilute aqueous NaCl or KCl  solutions
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 4
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Vol. 2, Interfacial kinetics and mass transport
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 9
Physical chemistry
The impinging-jet flow cell as a measurement tool in interfacial electrochemistry
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 25
Electrogenerated lanthanide(III) luminescence at oxide-covered aluminum electrodes in aqueous solutions and closely related studies
Determination of stoichiometric dissociation constant of ammonium ion in aqueous sodium or potassium chloride solutions at  25°C
Improving the biomimetic properties of liquid/liquid interfaces : electrochemical and physicochemical characterisation
Analyses of hydrogen peroxide by cyclic voltammetry
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Volume 9, Bioelectrochemistry
Electrochemical characteristics of porous carbon materials and electrical double layer capacitors
Nucleation, growth and spectroelectrochemical properties of thin electropolymerized poly(3-methyldiophene) films
Chemistry is electric!
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Vol. 6, Semiconductor electrodes and photoelectrochemistry
Potentiometric titration as a method of determining the stoichiometric dissociation constants of weak acids from the thermodynamic dissociation constants of aqueous solutions at 298.15 K
Development of techniques for electrochemical studies in power plant environments
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. No. 34
Solid oxide fuel cells : materials properties and performance
An introduction to electrochemistry
Liquid sensing : development and characterisation of an electronic tongue based on electrochemical methods
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. 23
Electrochemical methods : fundamentals and applications
Polyelectrolyte induced assembly of ionic surfactants
Elements of physical chemistry
Electrochemical dissolution of pentlandite minerals
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Volume 8, Organic electrochemistry
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Vol. 3, Instrumentation and electroanalytcal chemistry
The electrochemistry of corrosion
Bioanalytical chemistry
Electrochemical water processing
Scanning electrochemical microscopy
Modelling of potentiometric ion sensors
Electrochemical systems
Electrochemistry
Quantitative chemical analysis
Experiments in physical chemistry
Second harmonic and sum frequency generation and their use in probing liquid-liquid interfaces
New instrumental methods in electrochemistry : theory, instrumentation and applications to analytical and physical chemistry
New challenges in organic electrochemistry
Flat panel displays : advanced organic materials
Chemical and biological sensors and analytical electrochemical methods : proceedings of the Symposium on Chemical and Biological Sensors and Analytical Electrochemical Methods
Introduction to voltammetric analysis : theory and practice
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Vol. 4, Corrosion and oxide films
Exploring chemical analysis / Daniel C. Harris
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. 3
Textbook of electrochemistry
Lectures on electrochemical corrosion
Solid-state reference electrode
ElectroFinnAnalysis : an International Conference on Electroanalytical Chemistry June 6-9, 1988 Turku-Åbo, Finland
Recent research developments in electroanalytical chemistry
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Volume 5, Electrochemical  engineering
The first and second stoichiometric dissociation constants of phthalic acid in aqueous solutions of this acid with potassium hydrogen phthalate, dipotassium phthalate and potassium chloride. Part 2, Estimation of parameters for the activity coefficient model for calculation of the first dissociation constant, results from the tests of the suggested models, and equations for calculation of pH and p[m(H+)] values of phthalate buffers
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. 1
Electroactivity of conjugated polymers : a study of electrochemical doping and its applications
Freezing point depressions of dilute solutions of alkali metal chlorides and bromides
Electrochemical reactions and mechanisms in organic chemistry
Solving metal hydride electrode model equations with a two dimensional PDE solver
The theory of photoelectrochemistry
Modern electrochemistry. Volume 2A, Fundamentals of electronics
Handbook of electrochemistry
Electrochemistry at electrified soft interfaces - novel approaches to old problems
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Anglo-russkij slovar' po èlektrohimii i korrozii = English-Russian dictionary of electrochemistry and corrosion
Interfacial electrochemistry : theory, experiment, and applications
Electroanalytical methods for biological materials
Determination of standard pH of 0.01, 0.025, 0.05 and 0.1 mol kg−1 potassium tetroxalate : an extension to extrapolation methods
Electrochemistry : calculations, simulation, and instrumentation
Electrosynthesis of electroactive films made of benzo(a)pyrene
Effect of size and structure of a bacteria fuel cell on the electricity production and energy conversion rate
Adsorption of anions on birmuth single crystal electrodes
Simulations of silicon carbide chemical vapor deposition
The impinging-jet flow-cell as a measurement tool in interfacial electrochemistry
Ion-selective electrodes
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. 2
Electrochemical methods for neuroscience
Instrumental methods in electrochemistry
A critical comparison of activity coefficients calculated for hydrochloric, hydrobromic and hydriodic acids from data measured on galvanic cells with and without a liquid junction at 298.15K
Surface electrochemistry : a molecular level approach
Activity coefficients of calcium chloride in dilute aqueous solutions at 298.15 K
Catalysis in electrochemistry : from fundamental aspects to strategies for fuel cell development
Electrometric methods
The CRC handbook of solid state electrochemistry
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. 32
Characteristics, fouling and transport in ion-exchange membranes in electrodialysis
Chemistry for engineers : applied approach
Nanostructured materials in electrochemistry
Encyclopedia of electrochemistry. Volume 7a, Inorganic electrochemistry
Ions, electrodes and membranes
Investigations of the electrochemical properties of polypyrrole modified electrodes
Impedance spectroscopy - physico-chemical models for the interpretation of experimental data
Analytical and physical electrochemistry
Organic electroluminescent materials and decices
Water quality : determination of fluoride : international standard. Part 1, Electrochemical probe method for potable and lightly polluted water
Electrochemical aspects of ionic liquids
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. 29
Electrochemistry in molecular and microscopic dimensions : proceedings of the 53rd annual meeting of the International Society of Electrochemistry : jointly organized with the GDCh-Fachgruppe Angewandte Electrochemie, Düsseldorf, Germany, 15-20 September 2002
Proceedings of the Symposium on Photoelectrochemistry
Organic electrochemistry : an introduction and the guide
Exploring chemical analysis
Electrochemistry at solid electrodes
Activity coefficients of aqueous hydrochloric acid solutions up to a molality of 6.0 mol kg[sup -1] at temperatures from (5 to 45)°C
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. 28
Modern aspects of electrochemistry. No. 33
