http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8090 action
action
Speed it up! : a non-technical guide for speeding up slow computers
"An exciting collaboration with the world-famous National Theatre which explores how plays are staged, from first idea to final curtain. Go backstage at the National Theatre and hear from experts on every aspect of stagecraft, from acting and directing to set building, costume design and prop-making. Focusing on famous National Theatre productions, like War Horse, and packed with interesting tricks of the trade and ideas to try at home, this is the definitive theatre book for anyone interested in theatre." / WorldCat.
The brain warrior's way : ignite your energy and focus, attack illness and aging, transform pain into purpose
Just one thing : developing a Buddha brain one simple practice at a time
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Human genetics : the basics
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : Wii
Show me your brain! : stories of interdisciplinary knowledge creation in practice : experiences and observations from Aalto Design Factory, Finland
Secret service : PC DVD-ROM
Two basic kinds of cooperation
Let's work smarter, not harder : how to engage your entire organization in the execution of change
This scholarly and important volume has an impressive interdisciplinary and international scope. We hear from psychologists, sociologists, philosophers, legal scholars, and economists. These refreshing chapters broaden our understanding of human innovation, contributing to a developing sociocultural approach to the study of creativity. These chapters directly challenge the myth of solitary genius, by documenting the social and cultural systems within which new ideas emerge.' - Keith Sawyer, Washington University in St Louis, US. 'This penetrating volume both summarizes compellingly what we know about creativity and examines critically loose concepts of creativity, cases where creativity does harm, and deceptive hype about creativity.This volume neither romanticizes creativity nor reduces it to the servant of economic and cultural development, offering instead a differentiated and penetrating examination of the nature of creativity and its diverse positive and sometimes negative roles.' - David Perkins, Harvard Graduate School of Education, US. This comprehensive yet concise Handbook provides an overview of innovative approaches to, and new perspectives on, the study of creativity. In this timely work, creativity is not defined by an ideal, rather it encompasses a range of theories, functions, characteristics, processes, products and practices that are associated with the generation of novel and useful outcomes suited to particular social, cultural and political contexts. Chapters present original research by international scholars from a wide range of disciplines including history, sociology, psychology, philosophy, cultural studies, education, economics and interdisciplinary studies.Their research investigates creativity in diverse fields including art, creative industries, aesthetics, design, new media, music, arts education, science, engineering and technology. Containing cutting-edge research the Handbook of Research on Creativity will strongly appeal to academics and advanced students in cultural studies, creative industries, art history and theory, experimental music and performance studies, digital and new media studies, engineering, economics, sociology, psychology and social psychology, management studies, and education - particularly visual arts education and music education. Policy makers, managers and entrepreneurs will also find much to interest them in this fascinating work.
The upward spiral : using neuroscience to reverse the course of depression, one small change at a time
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : Xbox 360
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
The brain is wider than the sky : why simple solutions don't work in a complex world
Peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2 (MFE-2) : the catalytic domains work as independent units
STROI-network : business networks in Russia : intermediate report 2008
The Medici secret
Philosophy of action
Cardiovascular risk factors and adrenal function in 12-year-old children born small for gestational age or after a preeclamptic pregnancy
Running youth hockey organization
Citizen involvement : a practical guide for change
The creator of the popular webcomic "xkcd" uses line drawings and common words to provide simple explanations for how things work, including microwaves, bridges, tectonic plates, the solar system, the periodic table, helicopters, and other essential concepts.
Rules of procedure of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund (March 1997)
Defending the cavewoman : and other tales of evolutionary neurology
Gut : the inside story of our body's most under-rated organ
Political godfathers in Nigeria : a study of Anambra State, 1999-2006
100 geosites in South Iceland
Canadian journal of occupational therapy
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Milk and biopolitics : the emergence and re-conceptualization of food sovereignty in the raw milk movement as a means of resisting biopower
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth movement Oborona
Russian political thought : a concise history
New opportunities for co-operatives : ICA Global Research Conference, 24.-27.8.2011 - Mikkeli, Finland : abstracts
A grammar of motives
Change your brain, change your life
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
The United Nations : a concise political guide
150 great science experiments : ingenious, easy-to-do projects explore and explain the wonders of science and technology
Citizen's initiatives in Europe  : procedures and consequences of agenda-setting by citizens
Law and the practical reason
Rewire : change your brain to break bad habits, overcome addictions, conquer self-destructive behavior
Phantoms in the Brain : Human nature and the architecture of the mind
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Writing a successful business plan
The grace of great things : creativity and innovation
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Security and game theory : algorithms, deployed systems, lessons learned
X-9: Secret agent Corrigan : Volume two 1969-1972
Drunk tank pink : the subconscious forces that shape how we think, feel, and behave
Conceptual actions and objectivity in Kant
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Tomb raider : underworld : Xbox 360
Four lectures on ethics : anthropological perspectives
Seismic activity related to the 1991 Hekla eruption, Iceland
Steelheart
A user's guide to the brain : perception, attention and the four theaters of the brain
No hero : the evolution of a navy SEAL
Notes from underground
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
Scandinavian journal of occupational therapy
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Making sense of innovation management
Tom Clancy's Rainbow six : Vegas. 2 : Xbox 360
Grand theft auto. IV : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Retribution
The student's guide to cognitive neuroscience
Back to blood : a novel
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
ORGANIZING A SMALL EVENT : Case: Launch Event of PR-material for Occupational Therapists
Contemporary action theory. Vol. 2, Social action
Improving the operation of an emergency department by using a simulation model
A theory of human action
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
Draw action : 250 ways to get movement into your drawings
Unlock your creativity
After a decade of movement-based interaction in human-computer interaction, designing for the moving body still remains a challenge. Research in this field requires methods to help access, articulate, and harness embodied experiences in ways that can inform the design process. To address this challenge, this article appropriates bodystorming, an embodied ideation method for movement-based interaction design. The proposed method allows for early consideration of the physical, collocated, and social aspects of a designed activity as illustrated with two explorative workshops in different application domains: interactive body games and interactive performances. Using a qualitative methods approach, we used video material from the workshops, feedback from participants, and our own experience as participants and facilitators to outline important characteristics of the bodystorming method in the domain of movement-based interaction. The proposed method is compared with previous ones and application implications are discussed.
Hitman : ten thousand bullets
The human agent
People, international projects and public administration : interpreting the international human resource management frame
British journal of occupational therapy : BJOT
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Spark : the revolutionary new science of exercise and brain
Earth on fire  : how volcanos shape our planet
Motives and mechanisms : an introduction to the psychology of action
Broken sword : shadow of the templars : the director's cut : Wii
Robert Ludlum's The Bourne legacy
Terrorism and counter-terrorism : ethics and liberal democracy
National Theatre : all about theatre
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
The definitive business plan : the fast-track to intelligent business planning for executives and entrepreneurs
Introducing mind & brain
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Grand theft auto : Episodes from Liberty City : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Reaching down the rabbit hole : extraordinary journeys into the human brain
Global threats of terrorism, drug-smuggling and other crimes have led to a significant increase in research on game theory for security. Game theory provides a sound mathematical approach to deploy limited security resources to maximize their effectiveness. A typical approach is to randomize security schedules to avoid predictability, with the randomization using artificial intelligence techniques to take into account the importance of different targets and potential adversary reactions. This book distills the forefront of this research to provide the first and only study of long-term deployed applications of game theory for security for key organizations such as the Los Angeles International Airport police and the US Federal Air Marshals Service. The author and his research group draw from their extensive experience working with security officials to intelligently allocate limited security resources to protect targets, outlining the applications of these algorithms in research and the real world.
Statement on the broad lines of Commission policy : presented by Jacques Delors, president of the Commission, to the European Parliament and reply to the ensuing Parliament debate : Strasbourg, 17 and 18 January 1989
Phoniatrics in Europe : information-brochure of the Union of the European Phoniatricians
How we learn : the surprising truth about when, where, and why it happens
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words
Environmental effects on volcanic eruptions : from deep oceans to deep space
House of suns
Bodystorming for movement-based interaction design
Applying of the embedded system : Wheel of Fortune project
Port management : textbook
A time of terror : how democratic societies respond to revolutionary violence
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
Talking to our selves : reflection, ignorance, and agency
The trials
Mapping the mind
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkolliskokous = Kyrkomötet i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland = The General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland : 1974-2011
From magma to tephra : modelling physical processes of explosive volcanic eruptions
Dimensions of creativity
To write a republic : American political poetry from Whitman to 9/11
Tom Clancy's Rainbow six : Vegas. 2 : PlayStation 3
X-9: Secret agent Corrigan : Volume three 1972-1974
Tomb raider : underworld : PlayStation 3
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction
Performance manager
The network
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Planning and the politicians : and other essays
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Summary.
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne dominion : a new Jason Bourne novel
Journal of occupational science
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Decision, probability, and utility : selected readings
Gendering the militarisation of war on terrorism : discourses and representations of masculinities and femininities
Inspiration: An Analysis of Students' Conception of Inspiration in Art and Design
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
Inauguration day : a thriller
Blinded by humanity : inside the UN's humanitarian operations
Act and the actor : making the self
The act itself
UNDERSTANDING THE PHENOMENON OF EARLY AND RAPID INTERNATIONALIZATION  : CASE COMPANY Veslatec Oy
Freedom and determination
Wild storm
Firefighter!
The critical mass in collective action : a micro-social theory
Readings in the theory of action
An anthropologist on Mars : seven paradoxical tales
The aim of this Bachelor thesis was to prove the concept and the main solution for the electronic equipment 'wheel of fortune ' by applying an embedded system, an electric circuit design and a micro controller technology. The work was commissioned by firm Huvireppu Ay and started in January 2014. To achieve this aim it needed fully to understand how to build the basic electric circuit inside the equipment. The key feature of the project was to design a clockwise rotating wheel which was used in the project 'wheel of fortune ' as the most important part of this designing scheme. The design was implemented by using the embedded system technology. Using a microchip connected to the electric circuit controlling the running speed of the ‘wheel,’ and also can randomly stop the 'wheel' while doing the clockwise rotate. In the project work, two schemes were being used, and they have different principles and use different component, but they all achieve the same goal: The wheel does a clockwise rotate and randomly stops. Option one will use LEDs for the running of the wheel and using the 555 timer IC as a time delay chip, randomly slowing and lighting a group of LED lights that are used as the pointer of the wheel. Option two is using the mechanical solution; connecting the device to a stepper motor and using it as the pointer of the wheel and using the timer delay chip randomly stopping it as the pointer stop during the game time. Although the solution of this project was made, and the basic electric circuit diagram is complete, this practical design still carries a significant potential for future upgrading .It is still useful to those programmer adjusting and re coding the inner program of the microchip and applying to other similar electric device. To this 'wheel of fortune' electric equipment, more components can be added to perfect the additional function of the device.
The Camel Club
Earthquakes and volcanoes
European Development Fund procedures
Moonwalking with Einstein : the art and science of remembering everything
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
The core of the sun
Volcanoes of the Earth, Moon and Mars
American journal of occupational therapy : AJOT
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Hardwiring happiness : how to reshape your brain and your life
The Good Manager's Guide : over 130 practical checklist for day-to-day management
Is structurelessness democratic? : two normative frameworks for debates at the World Social Forum
The sentry
Worlds on fire : volcanoes on the Earth, the Moon, Mars, Venus and Io
"This collection of essays are mainly casebook studies. Neurological patients, Oliver Sacks once wrote, are travellers to unimaginable lands. This book offers portraits of seven such travellers, including a surgeon consumed by the compulsive tics of Tourette's syndrome unless he is operating." / WorldCat.
Paranormality : why we see what isn't there
Volcano : Iceland's inferno and Earth's most active volcanoes
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
The fight against terrorism : Council of Europe standards
The user's guide to the human mind : why our brains make us unhappy, anxious, and neurotic and what we can do about it
The final cut
Krister Segerberg on logic of actions
John M. Doris presents a new account of agency and responsibility, which reconciles our understanding of ourselves as moral agents with psychological research on the unconscious mind. Much philosophical theorizing maintains that the exercise of morally responsible agency consists in judgment and behavior ordered by accurate reflection. On such theories, when human beings are able to direct their lives in the manner philosophers have dignified with the honorific 'agency', it's because they know what they're doing, and why they're doing it. This understanding is compromised by quantities of psychological research on unconscious processing, which suggests that accurate reflection is distressingly uncommon; very often behavior is ordered by surprisingly inaccurate self-awareness. Thus, if agency requires accurate reflection, people seldom exercise agency, and skepticism about agency threatens. To counter the skeptical threat, John M. Doris proposes an alternative theory that requires neither reflection nor accurate self-awareness: he identifies a dialogic form of agency where self-direction is facilitated by exchange of the rationalizations with which people explain and justify themselves to one another. The result is a stoutly interdisciplinary theory sensitive to both what human beings are like - creatures with opaque and unruly psychologies - and what they need: an account of agency sufficient to support a practice of moral responsibility.
Counter-terrorism networks in the European Union : maintaining democratic legitimacy after 9/11
Shonen : drawing action-style Japanese comics
Finnish summary.
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Volcanoes : a planetary perspective
Handbook of research on creativity
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Case histories in business ethics
Theory of action
A dynamic business model for high-tech industry in a global environment : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
Work Ability : Project for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
Action theory and modal logic
Why we snap : understanding the rage circuit in your brain
We are our brains : from the womb to Alzheimer's
The correlative brain : theory and experiment in neural interaction
Grand theft auto : Episodes from Liberty City : PlayStation 3
Europe and you in 2007 : a snapshot of EU achievements
Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
Setting the record straight : some facts about the United Nations
Counterterrorism
Causing actions
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
A Liaden Universe : Constellation
Mind hacks : tips & tools for using your brain
Exclusionary populism in Western Europe in the 1990s and beyond : a threat to democracy and civil rights?
Operational techniques for the hospitality industry : a resource-based approach for the hospitality and tourism industries
The volcanic earth : volcanoes and plate tectonics, past, present & future
Being a young activist in the late Mubarak era : an ethnography of political engagement in Egypt
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
Assessing the effectiveness of non-profit forestry organisations : an ultimate goal approach
Kids get coding : a beginner's guide to our digital world
Before the gates of excellence : the determinants of creative genius
Exceptions, Distinctions, and Processes of Identification : The 'Concrete Thought' of Carl Schmitt and US Neoconservatism as Seen through Readings of Kenneth Burke and Jacques Derrida
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction : a new Jason Bourne novel
Airport operations
Volcanoes of the world
Europe and you in 2008 : a snapshot of EU achievements
Serious money : how to make and enjoy it
Simple mechanisms
Statistical extraction of volcanic sulphate from nonpolar ice cores
Abstract.
War stories for girls
Europe and you : a snapshot of EU achievements
On acting for a reason
Hug this book!
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
Steal like an artist : 10 things nobody told you about being creative
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
The lowland
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Reasoning and the explanation of actions
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
Socially Driven Business – Theory & Practice : Lessons learnt from the TAMK Consulting Academy - ProLearning collaboration for social business
Introduction to occupation : the art and science of living
The philosophy of action
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
Organizations : a systems approach
Firefight
The future of the WSF : focus on Africa
Abstract: Studying th European Union: from grand integration theories to the study of governance, institutions and policy networks.
Academic efforts of Naif Arab University for Security Sciences (NAUSS) in combating terrorism and its manufacturers : a special report
Contemporary action theory. Vol. 1, Individual action
The Revolutionary trauma release process : transcend your toughest times
The Toddler's busy book : 365 creative games and activities to keep your 11⁄2- to 3-year-old busy
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : PC DVD
Results by working together : Metso annual report 2010.
The man who mistook his wife for a hat
Faith works : lessons on spirituality and social action
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Survival of the fattest - leptin, melatonin, thyroxine and seasonal adaptation of mammals
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne imperative : a new Jason Bourne novel
Star Trek : motion picture trilogy
Business networks : strategy and structure
Advancement in organizational behaviour : essays in honor of Derek S. Pugh
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne objective : a new Jason Bourne novel
The structure and function of muscle. Vol. 2, Biochemistry and physiology
X-9: Secret agent Corrigan : Volume one 1967-1969
Call of Juarez : bound in blood : PC DVD-ROM
Lean Implementation in Co-operation with the Supplier : Case Wärtsilä (DCV, Power Tech)
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
