http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p810 hands
hands
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 3, male and female - situation poses and hands
TPS junior hockey coach manual
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
The Benefits of Tourism Handicraft Sales at Mwenge Handicrafts Centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Drawing hands & feet : Form, Proportions, Gestures and Actions
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
Literary knits : 30 patterns inspired by favorite books
The true love quilting club
The U version of Snorra Edda
Bead & button : e-lehti
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Therapeutic activities for the upper limb
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
The hand
"Evaluation and Management of Common Upper Extremity Disorders: A Practical Handbook answers the need for a comprehensive, yet concise reference that addresses practical solutions to everyday conditions that general orthopedic surgeons, and specialists alike, as well those involved with general musculoskeletal surgical and nonsurgical care, may encounter. This book provides information on how to diagnose, treat, and manage the most commonly encountered conditions of the upper extremity. Written in a bullet format, and including photos for quick, easy reference, the book contains valuable information for all levels of training and experience"--Provided by publisher.
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity : Volume 2
Radial forearm flap in reconstruction of acute hand injuries
Ice hockey instructor's guide for EC Dornbirner Bulldogs
Marketing Opportunities of Handicrafts in Finland
Mantras between fire and water : reflections on a Balinese rite
Developing a TQM for a company : First Initiative for PhemssalTech Ventures in Lagos, Nigeria
Plastic surgery. Vol. 8, The hand and upper limb, part 2
Maitland's peripheral manipulation
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Brain plasticity and upper limb function after stroke: some implications for rehabilitation
The world is your oyster! : a material package for teaching handcrafts through CLIL
Victim without a face
MRI of the upper extremity : shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand
Internationalization of Finnish handicraft businesses : a Turku region business case study
A possible source for a medieval Icelandic astronomical manuscript on the basis of pictorial evidence
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Daughter of smoke and bone
Alexander Bessonov's Čeremissko-Russkij slovar' of the second half of the 19th century
Tactile and vibrotactile sensibility of the human hand : a psychophysical and neurophysiological study
Appreciative inquiry handbook : for leaders of change
The Incredible Human Hand
The hand : principles and techniques of simple splintmaking in rehabilitation
Handbook of children and youth studies
Prosthetic restoration and rehabilitation of the upper and lower extremity
Summary.
Use of arms - influence to human balance during perturbation
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity : Volume 1
Literary Knits features 30 knitting patterns inspired by beloved characters from classic books; from Pride and Prejudice to Moby Dick, The Catcher in the Rye to The Chronicles of Narnia—and many more in between. Inspired by some of the most beloved characters from favorite books, including an elegant Daisy Cloche inspired by The Great Gatsby and a late '50s-inspired Holly Golightly Dress imagined from Breakfast at Tiffany's, the more than 30 knitting projects in this unique collection will inspire.
Green's operative hand surgery. Vol. 1
Daughter of smoke & bone
The physiology of the joints : annotated diagrams of the mechanics of the human joints
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Development of sustainable entreneurship and support of local handicrafts in the rural Azerbaijan : project mid-term evaluation report
Surgical treatment of upper limb fractures : an evidence-based approach
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity / Vol. 2
The Arabic version of Tusi's Nasirean Ethics : with an introduction and explanatory notes
Physical examination in orthopaedics
Effective hand hygiene
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
Clinical orthopaedic rehabilitation
Reconstructing the pattern of a vernacular tradition
Indibuu  : traditional Craft and Cultural Design
A matter of interpretation : ideas of the Genesis B miniatures
Turn of mind
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy (volume 1)
Manual on management of specific hand problems : series I : nerve injuries, tendon injuries, modalities, stiff hand, arthritis
The grasping hand
Karelian kantele improvisation in the light of the 19th century manuscripts
The fourth hand
Journal of hand therapy : official journal of the American Society of Hand Therapists
Knitting it old school : 43 vintage-inspired patterns
Comparison of clinical measures and transcranial magnetic stimulation in assessment of upper extremity motor function in chronic stroke patients
Modern patchwork : e-lehti
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
Drawing and painting hands & feet
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
"Like a good story, successful design is a series of engaging moments structured over time. The User's Journey will show you how, when, and why to use narrative structure, technique, and principles to ideate, craft, and test a cohesive vision for an engaging outcome. See how a 'story first' approach can transform your product, feature, landing page, flow, campaign, content, or product strategy."
Quality Manual for the Sales Department and Internal Information Flow within Arctic Finland House
Hand rehabilitation : a practical guide
Routledge handbook of the sociology of sport
Essentials of musculoskeletal care
The Wiley Blackwell handbook of humanism
Documentary storytelling : creative nonfiction on screen
Not your mama's crochet : the cool and creative way to join the chain gang
Fundamentals of hand therapy : clinical reasoning and treatment guidelines for common diagnoses of the upper extremity
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
The Development of a Quality Handbook as a Tool for a Quality Management System: Case ProMedical Ltd
Not your mamas stitching : the cool and creative way to stitch it to 'em
Upper-extremity task-specific training after stroke or disability : a manual for occupational therapy and physical therapy
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
The effectiveness of robot-aided upper limb therapy in stroke rehabilitation : a systematic review of randomized controlled studies
The hand : a philosophical enquiry into human being
The physiology of the joints. Vol. 1, Upper limb
Hand and upper extremity rehabilitation : a practical guide
Hand secrets
Manual on dynamic hand splinting with thermoplastic materials : low temperature materials and techniques
Writing on hands : memory and knowledge in early modern Europe
Coaching manual for Helsinki Giants handball club
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Skeletal maturation of the hand and wrist of Skolt Lapp children in northern Finland
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
Abstract book : Scandinavian-Hungarian Hand Society Meeting 2000, Kuopio, Finland August 16-19
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
Handbook for synthesizing qualitative research
Hand rehabilitation : a quick reference guide and review
Believe it or not
Louise Bourgeois : armed forces
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
"Promotes client-centered care, encouraging practitioners to match clients' motor capabilities, goals, and interests to specific, challenging tasks. Comprehensive and practical, this manual guides allied health practitioners in every aspect of task-specific training"--P. [4] of cover.
The hand : how its use shapes the brain, language, and human culture
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
Lister's the hand : diagnosis and indications
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Sectional anatomy for imaging professionals
Physical examination of the spine and extremities
Interweave knits : e-lehti
Manual on static hand splinting : new materials and techniques : for use by physicians, occupational therapists, hand therapists, physical therapists and orthotists
Write your way into animation and games : create a writing career in animation and games
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Find your style and knit it too
Science, theory and clinical application in orthopaedic manual physical therapy : Volume 2, scientific therapeutic exercise progressions (STEP): the neck and upper extremity
Coaching the fundamentals of football
Routledge international handbook of sport psychology
Papercraft inspirations : e-lehti
A guide for health and beauty therapists. Vol.1, Face, hands and feet
Hand splinting : principles and methods
Installation and operation of a modular bivalve hatchery
Black God
Not your mama's felting : the cool and creative way to get it together
"44 patterns inspired by the '40s, '50s, '60s, and '70s  Knitters love all things vintage-but it's not as easy as picking up an old pattern from decades past. Oftentimes, they use obsolete yarns, aren't sized for today's body shapes, and are written differently than current pattern instructions.  Now, retro-minded crafters get the best of both worlds in this unique collection. Drawing from the fashion trends of the '40s through the '70s, Knitting it Old School offers a bold new twist on vintage-inspired knitting patterns.  Vintage patterns feature newly created designs that flatter today's figure and use contemporary yarns.  Fun, wearable patterns that echo styles of days gone by.  Four bonus sewing patterns to whip up complimentary vintage-themed accessories.  With a balance of classic and kitsch, wardrobe basics and saucy specials, Knitting it Old School is a breath of fresh air for knitters who love "old" but want to be "new.".
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
Green's operative hand surgery. Vol. 2
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Handbook of Research on Entrepreneurship and Regional Development
Interactive hand
Handbook of early childhood teacher education
Dead hands : fictions of agency, Renaissance to modern
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy (volume 2)
Splinting the hand and upper extremity : principles and process
Not your mama's knitting : the cool and creative way to pick up sticks
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Crafts : the magazine for contemporary craft
Repetitive strain injury : a computer user's guide
"Entry-level occupational therapists are expected to have fundamental skills in splinting theory, design, and fabrication. As occupational therapy students, they gain these skills through didactic courses, fieldwork, or observations. Orthotic Intervention of the Hand and Upper Extremity: Splinting Principles and Process, Second Edition, delivers just that. Instructors need materials to teach students how to apply theory to practice in the area of splinting. This book provides instructors with the pedagogical framework necessary to help students, inexperienced therapists, and expert hand therapists make the right decision whether to fabricate a thermoplastic or neoprene splint, cast, tape, or choose an over-the-counter splint for their patient. This detailed and easy-to-use reference demonstrates splint fabrication techniques and related interventions for the upper extremity and highlights anatomical and biomechanical principles specifically related to splints"--Provided by publisher.
Plastic surgery. Vol. 7, The hand and upper limb, part 1
Information transmission capacity of the nervous system of the arm : an information and communication engineering approach to the brachial plexus function
Functional human movement : measurement and analysis
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 1, The upper extremity
Challenges of cleanliness and hygiene from nursing perspective in a haemodialysis caring environment
Modeling muscle mechanics of arm and leg movement : a new approach to Hill's equation
Therapeutic hand splints : a rational approach. Volume 1, Mechanical and biomechanical considerations
A book of palmistry : a simple compilation of simple facts for the every day reader
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
The user's journey : storymapping products that people love
Physiotherapy for burns and plastic reconstruction of the hand
The hand, an organ of the mind : what the manual tells the mental
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
Features a three-dimensional model of the hand and forearm, and a wealth of clinical information on pathologies and therapeutic procedures.
The complete nail technician
Hand hygiene among health care workers : reasons for compliance and noncompliance
Massage and manual therapy for orthopedic conditions
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
The magicians : a novel
Younger Icelandic manuscripts and Old Norse studies
Rehabilitation after plaster cast at home & 2 hand rehabilitation cases
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
This handbook gives a new scientific perspective to youth and childhood studies as multi scientific and interdisciplinary subjects which as such have not yet found their own framing in a particular discipline. It provides theoretical and methodological key debates and issues that develop and add an understanding of childhood and youth research discipline from a broader perspective. The Handbook on Children and Youth Studies draws on current thinking, but also challenges theoretical and conceptual orthodoxies in the field, drawing on interdisciplinary thinking and critical perspectives. It focuses on childhood and youth to address the emerging consensus that the boundaries between childhood, youth and adulthood are blurred. The view that defining youth and childhood largely in terms of problem topics is out dated. Instead, the handbook focuses on 13 themes that are open to international perspectives and to different conceptual approaches. Each theme is edited by a pair of field editors, thereby capturing a plurality of views. The 13 themes as a starting point are globally timely and they need scientific debates on the boundaries between childhoods, youth and adulthood. This handbook will meet the needs of childhood and youth researchers and the academics in the field. It recognizes the changing social context of the lives of children and young people, while developing theoretical frameworks and discussing about the core substantive issues of Children and Youth Studies.
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
The hand owner's manual : a hand surgeon's thirty-year collection of important information and fascinating facts
Abstra[c]t book for the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society for Surgery of the Hand, June 15-17 1988 and Satellite Meeting of the Scandinavian Hand Therapists, June 15 1988.
Manual on management of specific hand problems. Series 1, Nerve injuries, tendon injuries, modalities, stiff hand, arthritis
"Compelling Collection: Drawing from the fashion trends of the 40's through the 70's, the patterns will give fans of retro style what they want -- fun, wearable patterns that echo those of days gone by, but that modern knitters can use with greater ease. The designs in the book will represent a balance of classic and kitsch, wardrobe basics and saucy specials. For a bit of extra fun, four craft and sewing patterns between chapters will give readers a way to add retro appeal to their homes and outfits. Appealing design: The book will have a distinctive look that mimics pattern magazines from the past. Colorful photos and styled models will poke lighthearted fun at the looks that date so many of these magazines".
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
Fundamentals of robotic grasping and fixturing
Orthotic intervention for the hand and upper extremity : splinting principles and process
Recent research has found pronounced differences in the level of entrepreneurship and new business formation across various regions and nations. This timely handbook reveals that the development of new ventures as well as their effects on overall economic growth is strongly shaped by their regional and national environment. The expert group of contributors give an overview on the current state of the art in this field and propose avenues for further investigation. Topics include the regional determinants of new business formation, the effects of start-ups on growth, the role of globalization for regional entrepreneurship, the effect of national and regional framework conditions, as well as the role of universities as incubators of innovative new firms.
Mudras : yoga in your hands
Contemporary sport psychology is a rapidly developing and theoretically rich discipline, and a sophisticated and challenging profession. The Routledge International Handbook of Sport Psychology offers a comprehensive and authoritative guide to contemporary sport psychology in all its aspects. Written by a team of world-leading researchers and practitioners from five continents, including both established scholars and the best emerging talents, the book traces the contours of the discipline of sport psychology, introducing fundamental theory, discussing key issues in applied practice, and exploring the most important themes, topics and debates across the sport psychology curriculum. Uniquely, the book presents comparative studies of the history and contemporary practice of sport psychology in ten countries, including the US, UK, China, Japan, Brazil, Russia and Israel, helping the reader to understand the cultural and contextual factors that shape international practice in sport psychology. As well as covering in depth the core pillars of sport psychology, from motivation and cognition to group dynamics, the book also includes a full section on cultural sport psychology, a vital but under-explored sub-discipline that is having a profound influence on contemporary theory and practice. With 56 chapters and unparalleled range, depth and currency, the Routledge Handbook of International Sport Psychology is an essential addition to any library with a serious holding in sport psychology.
Abstract.
Evaluation and management of common upper extremity disorders : a practical handbook
Hand rehabilitation in occupational therapy
Cross stitcher : e-lehti
Surgical advances in plastic surgery
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
Hand dermatoses in dairy farmers
Interactive hand : therapy edition
The hand : fundamentals of therapy
The upper limb in tetraplegia : a new approach to surgical rehabilitation
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
Rehabilitation of the hand
Drawing dynamic hands
Draw real hands!
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity / Vol. 1
Ways of drawing hands : a guide to expanding your visual awareness
Staff nurse survival guide
Hands : a journey around the world
The horse
An examination of selected upper extremity functional activity from the perspective of the dynamic pattern theory of motor control
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
IMPLEMENTATION OF DQN® QUALITY HANDBOOK FOR A DMC COMPANY: Case Safartica
Introduction to splinting : a critical-thinking & problem-solving approach
Woollen handicrafts on the Baltic islands : handbook and DVD film
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy. Vol. 1
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The rheumatoid hand and wrist : surgical treatment, medical treatment, physiotherapy and rehabilitation
Sewing with oilcloth
Hand and brain : the neurophysiology and psychology of hand movements
Comprehensive manual therapy for the upper extremity
Osteoarthritis and osteoporosis assessed from hand radiographs : prevalence, determinants, and associations with morbidity and mortality
Kinesiology taping for rehab and injury prevention : an easy, at-home guide for overcoming common strains, pains and conditions
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
Fairy tale knits : 32 projects to knit happily ever after
Hand pain and impairment
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy
Hand surgery : update IV
Abstract book
The Wiley Blackwell Handbook of Humanism presents an edited collection of essays that explore the nature of Humanism as an approach to life, and a philosophical analysis of the key humanist propositions from naturalism and science to morality and meaning. * Represents the first book of its kind to look at Humanism not just in terms of its theoretical underpinnings, but also its consequences and its diverse manifestations * Features contributions from international and emerging scholars, plus renowned figures such as Stephen Law, Charles Freeman and Jeaneanne Fowler * Presents Humanism as a positive alternative to theism * Brings together the world s leading Humanist academics in one reference work.
