http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8113 literature
literature
Family
Gender in Irish writing
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Literary theory : a very short introduction
Making love : a conspiracy of the heart
Cyclops
Mill's essays on literature and society
Cimarron review
Good fiction guide
Overtones : a book of temperaments: Richard Strauss, Parsifal, Verdi, Balzac, Flaubert, Nietzsche, and Turgénieff
Circular Forms in Aleksis Kivi’s Texts
Mammon and the black goddess
Decadence and the making of modernism
The literary critics : a study of English descriptive criticism
The Atlantic literary review : [special issue]. Vol. 3, No. 2, April-June 2002, Special issue on past and present in post/colonial literatures
The olive tree : and other essays
Microfilm - a bridge from yesterday to tomorrow
The traditional literature of Cambodia : a preliminary guide
Journey to the center of the earth
Women in the fiction of F. Scott Fitzgerald
Old Sumerian and Old Akkadian texts in Philadelphia : chiefly from Nippur. Vol. 1, Literary and lexical texts and the earliest administrative documents from Nippur
Collected essays
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
The Dedalus book of Estonian literature
Points of View
Lexis complexes : literary interventions
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 3, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 7-8], [Kānda 2 : Pra'snas 1-2]
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Encyclopedia of Latin American and Caribbean literature 1900-2003
Greek satyr play : five studies
The secret agent : a simple tale
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 8, [Kānda 6 : Pra'snas 1-4]
Found
Tales from the perilous realm
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
Translation studies
Stories lives tell : narrative and dialogue in education
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
How much do you know about the world of Harry Potter? Do you know every creature, spell, and Hogwarts professor? Who played each character in the films? And what about the many uses for dragon blood? This amazing quiz book features 400 questions to test your knowledge of everything Potter. Moving from easy questions that a muggle could answer through to trivia that the Wizengamot would consider beyond them, this book will be fun for the whole family. Test your Harry Potter knowledge and see if you are the ultimate fan!
Barchester towers
The word made flesh : literary tattoos from bookworms worldwide
Bhramarotpītādharaḥ: Bees in Classical India
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
Literary Darwinism : evolution, human nature, and literature
Comment : reflections on oral and literary relations in the fairy tale
Polish literature in transformation
thors subscribed to an emblematic worldview within the Classical discourse of nature as a book, ultimately supported by a framework of logocentrism and theism. Runeberg's discussion of words and things,and his use of the metaphor of light, places him within a mainstream nineteenth-century spirituality, which may be juxtaposed, in addition to general Romantic views, also with Swedenborgian sources.
The hunger games and philosophy : a critique of pure treason
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
You
The weight of oranges ; Miner's pond
Black voices : an anthology of Afro-American literature
Harry Potter : the amazing quiz book
Literature : invention of the self
Ecocriticism and Geocriticism: Overlapping Territories in Environmental and Spatial Literary Studies presents an interdisciplinary collection of essays which address the complementary and contested aspects of these related, but sometimes conflicting, approaches to literature, cultural, and society in the twenty-first century.
Baltic Nations Literature in Exile
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
T.L.S.. 1966, 5: essays and reviews from the Times Literary Supplemennt
Comparing texts
T.L.S.. 1964, 3: essays and reviews from the Times Literary Supplement
A quantitative approach to the style of Jonathan Swift
Selected literary criticism
Biblical themes in world literature
New York review of books : e-lehti
Dreams and shadows : a novel
Minding the body : women writers on body and soul
Language in literature
Literature as discourse : textual strategies in English and history
Vedāntasāra of Sadānanda : ed. with the commentaries of Nr̥siṃhasarashvatī and Rāmatīrtha
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
The young hero in American fiction : a motif for teaching literature
Jaan Kross and Russian culture
The infinity concerto
Diderot and the metamorphosis of species
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Children and books in the modern world : contemporary perspectives on literacy
The logic of literature
The poetry of search and the poetry of statement : and other posthumous essays on literature, religion and language
Studies French and English
The Elizabethan world picture
All the way from Berlin to Helsinki : three modes of urban representation in literature
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
The Mystic of Sex and other writings
Sociology of literature
No abstract
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
The politics of pornography
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
The Routledge companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander literature
The Routledge Companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander Literature offers a general introduction as well as a range of critical approaches to this important and expanding field. Divided into three sections, the volume iIntroduces "keywords" connecting the theories, themes and methodologies distinctive to Asian American Literature; addresses historical periods, geographies and literary identities; looks at different genre, form and interdisciplinarity. With 41 essays from scholars in the field this collection is a comprehensive guide to a significant area of literary study for students and teachers of Ethnic American, Asian diasporic and Pacific Islander Literature.
Moby Dick
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
The surrealist mode in Spanish literature : an interpretation of basic trends from post-romanticism to the Spanish vanguard
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
Renaissance and humanism from the Central-East European point of view : methodological approaches
The Hungarian writer of the Lost Time : memory and poetical imitation in Krúdy Gyula’s work
"Don't tell me you got into the wrong room" : elements of farce in P. G. Wodehouse's Jeeves & Wooster novels
International journal of sino-western studies
The teaching of literature with special reference to developing coutries
T.L.S.. 1962: essays and reviews from the Times Literary supplement
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
The days before
Shadow and act
Topographies
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
Ancient fiction : the novel in the Graeco-Roman world
Rewriting literary history : Peter Ackroyd and intertextuality
Reaction to positivism and the metaphysics of sex in Russian literature of the first quarter of the twentieth century
Reading and writing from below : exploring the margins of modernity
Against all authority : anarchism and the literary imagination
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
The postcolonial turn in literary translation studies : theoretical frameworks reviewed
International journal of Language Academy
Deadhouse gates
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
Mobilising the novel : the literature of imperialism and the First World War
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
T.L.S.. 1967, 6: essays and reviews from the Times Literary Supplemennt
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
Alexander Solzhenitsyn : cold war icon, gulag author, Russian nationalist? : a study of the Western reception of his literary writings, historical interpretations, and political ideas
On developing and evaluating of the literature review
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
Surprised by joy
Reciprocal haunting : Pat Barker's Regeneration trilogy
The Ireland anthology
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
Representing violence in France, 1760-1820
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
Feminist Europa : review of books
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
The philosophy of literary form : studies in symbolic action
Eight months on Ghazzah Street
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Old magic
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
The poems of Catullus
Time bites
Soul and form
Masochism
The final fabergé
The condemned playground : essays : 1927-1944
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
Three sides of a wall : obstacles and border states in Paul Auster's novels
Procopius: in seven volumes. 6, The anecdota or Secret history
The World Hobbit Project at Cardiff University, UK
Feminist stylistics
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Compromises in L.M. Montgomery's Anne-serial : literary freedom within the restrictions of Victorian society
Conservation of shadows
Niṣpannayogāvalī of Mahāpaṇḍita Abhayākaragupta
"One of the most intensely exciting secrets" : the Antarctic in American literature, 1820-1849
Drops that open worlds : image of water in the poetry of Euphrase Kezilahabi
The serpent mage
The Dyer's Hand : and other essays
Summary.
Losing the plot : architecture and narrativity in fin-de siècle media cultures
Ecocriticism and geocriticism : overlapping territories in environmental and spatial literary studies
The Art of Comics is the first-ever collection of essays published in English devoted to the philosophical topics raised by comics and graphic novels. In an area of growing philosophical interest, this volume constitutes a great leap forward in the development of this fast expanding field, and makes a powerful contribution to the philosophy of art. * The first-ever anthology to address the philosophical issues raised by the art of comics* Provides an extensive and thorough introduction to the field, and to comics more generally* Responds to the increasing philosophical interest in comic art * Includes a preface by the renowned comics author Warren Ellis* Many of the chapters are illustrated, and the book carries a stunning cover by the rising young comics star David Heatley.
The Routledge dictionary of literary terms
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
The secret garden : a reading material package
The art of comics : a philosophical approach
A little life : a novel
Irish classical poetry = Filíocht na Sgol
Ashley Bell : a novel
Scenes of Intimacy analyzes the representation of acts and relationships of intimacy in contemporary literature, the affect this has upon readers, and the ways these representations resonate with, complement, and challenge the concerns of contemporary theory. Opening with an in-depth interview with literary critic, Derridean, and novelist Professor Nicholas Royle, the volume contains eleven further essays that move from intimate scenes of familial and pedagogic legacy, on to representations of love, of sex, and finally to scenes of death and dying. The essays are textually attentive to how literary techniques create intimacy, and draw upon new and notable theoretical positions and critics from queer theory, affect studies, psychoanalysis, poststructualism and deconstruction to ask difficult and uncomfortable questions about intimacy and its representation. Across the genres of poetry, autobiography, journals, love letters, short stories and novels, Scenes of Intimacy shows that contemporary literature poses new possibilities and questions about our intimate relationalities, their failures and their futures.
Davidson on Rorty's postmetaphysical critique of intentionalism
Irony/humor : critical paradigms
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 6, [Kānda 5 : Pra'snas 1-4]
Written on the body
The mammoth book of locked-room mysteries and impossible crimes
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
On a quest for authenticity to an imaginary place : a narrative analysis of the experiences of British literary tourists
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 9, [Kānda 6 : Pra'snas 5-6], [Kānda 7 : Pra'snas 1-3]
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol 1, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 1-3]
Apartheid narratives
The beachcomber
AN INTRODUCTION TO FINNISH LITERATURE
Complete works of William Shakespeare
Selected prose 1909-1965
From sign to signing : iconicity in language and literature. 3
Truth and lies in literature : essays and reviews
Blackness and the adventure of western culture
Remarks on Swedenborgian elements in the literary production of Johan Ludvig Runeberg
The shell collector
Scenes of intimacy : reading, writing and theorizing contemporary literature
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
The English novel and the movies
Understanding outlawry in medieval Iceland
Finding the holy path
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Writing transit : refiguring national imaginaries in Chicana/o narratives
The landleaguers
The war of the worlds
Secondary worlds : The T. S. Eliot memorial lectures
A handbook of modernism studies
The bit between my teeth : a literary chronicle of 1950-1965
Jinaratna's Līlāvatī-sāra : a Sanskrit abridgement of Jineśvara-sūri's Prakrit Līlāvaī-kahā
Language and silence : essays on language, literature and the inhuman
An activity-based introduction to stylistics, this textbook explains some of the topics in literary linguistics and helps students in analysing written texts. How can you tell good writing - the excellent, the brilliant and the ingenious - from bad writing - the weak, the banal and the confusing? By looking at the technique and the craft of writing, Language in Literature examines the ways in which language is organised to create particular meanings or effects. Covering a range of topics - naming patterns, modality and evaluation, the structure of simple narratives, the recording of character speech and thought, the dynamics of dialogue, presuppositions and textual revision - the book presents the structuring principles within the English language. Activities and end-of-chapter commentaries encourage a 'learning by doing' approach and equips the reader with the main linguistic terms necessary for the analysis of literary and non-literary texts.
Wislawa Szymborska's poetry : choice of essays
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Literary criticism : idea and act : The English Institute 1939-1972, selected essays
The immigrant's return : Italian male and female images in five American novels
Children of the mind
Unexpected magic : collected stories
Patterns in language : an introduction to language and literary style
Autobiographical reading
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
Nine's legacy : I am number four: the lost files
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
Every boy should have a man
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
The book of lost tales. Part I
Poetry and contemporary culture : the question of value ; edited by Andrew Michael Roberts and Jonathan Allison
Understanding fiction
The book of lost tales. Part II
Celebrities' favourite books : in aid of the Alzheimers' society
T.L.S.. 1963, 2: essays and reviews from the Times Literary Supplement
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Afterthought : pieces about writing
Northern literature : readings
The girls of Mischief bay
The transmedial aspect of cultural autocommunication
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
Nineteenth-century literature
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Women's writing online
