http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8118 aerial maps
aerial maps
Observations on the mapping of the village Nummi in the parish of Nousiainen in 1786.
Advances in mobile mapping technology
Google Earth Outreach And Activism
Karttojen maailmankuva = Kartornas världsbild = The world view expressed by maps
Terra cognita : maailma tulee tunnetuksi = kännedomen om världen ökar = discovering the world
Google Earth for dummies
The Phaidon atlas of contemporary world architecture
Great maps
Antropomorfiset kartat = Antropomorfa kartor = Anthropomorphic maps
Terra cognita : yli sata historiallista karttaa Nordenskiöldin kokoelmasta! = Över hundra historiska kartor ur Nordenskiöldsamlingen! = More than one hundred historical maps from the Nordenskiöld collection!
National Geographic visual atlas of the world
Abstract: Measurement of terrain model with digital photogrammetry.
Mapping the Renaissance world : the geographical imagination in the age of discovery
The Penguin historical atlas of the medieval world
Exploring the chronospace of images
Geographic visualization : concepts, tools and applications
Advances in photogrammetry, remote sensing, and spatial information : 2008 ISPRS congress book
Introduction to remote sensing
Myth and mentality : studies in folklore and popular thought
The story of maps : putting the world in perspective
Kenya : atlas of our changing environment
Beginning Google Maps mashups with mapplets, KML and GeoRSS : from novice to professional
Early maps
Conceptions and artefacts : children's understanding of the earth in the presence of visual representations
Ptolemaioksen painetut Geographia-teokset = De tryckta Geographia-verken av Ptolemaios = Printed editions of Ptolemy's Geographia
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
Cosmographical maps (on stars)
Topographic laser ranging and scanning : principles and processing
The politics of displaying geo : the spatial order of ecumenical world maps
Taking measures across the American landscape
Fundamentals of remote sensing and airphoto interpretation
Geographical information systems : principles, techniques, management, and applications
Imagined corners : exploring the world's first atlas
Our changing planet : the view from space
Vargic's miscellany of curious maps
Resource management information systems : remote sensing, GIS and modelling
Avartuva maailma : kartta-aarteita A. E. Nordenskiöldin kokoelmasta = Världen vidgas : skatter i A. E. Nordenskiölds kartsamling = The emerging world : map treasures from the A. E. Nordenskiöld collection
