http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8111 memoirs
memoirs autobiographies
Istanbul : memories and the city
Escape from "Ward six" : Russia facing past and present
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Shoe dog : a memoir by the creator of Nike
Forgotten voices of the holocaust
Return to paradise
The education of Russian statesman : the memoirs of Nicholas Karlovich Giers
Off the map : a personal history of Finland
Smoke gets in your eyes : and other lessons from the crematory
My spiritual journey : personal reflections, teachings, and talks
You're never weird on the Internet (almost) : a memoir
Life below stairs : true lives of Edwardian servants
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
At the war
Lessons in Laughter : the autobiography of a Deaf Actor
My yesterdays : in a changing world of the Deaf
Lenin and Gorky : letters, reminiscences, articles
The navy's here
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Records of the grand historian of China. 2, The age of Emperor Wu : 140 to circa 100 b. C.
Silence is golden : "a deaf child is a  normal child who cannot hear"
Amiable renegade : the memoirs of Capt. Peter Drake, 1671-1753
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
Born to run
A Lifetime of Labor : the autobiography of Alice H. Cook
Perfect Circle : the story of REM
Eat, pray, love : one woman's search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY & MEDICINE. When Chitra Ramaswamy discovered she was pregnant, she longed for a book that went above and beyond a manual; a book that did more than describe what was happening in her growing body. One that, instead, got to the very heart of this overwhelming, confusing and exciting experience. Expecting takes the reader on a physical, emotional, philosophical and artistic odyssey through pregnancy. A memoir exploring each of the nine months of Chitra's pregnancy, Expecting is a book of intimate, strange, wild and lyrical essays that pay tribute to this most extraordinary and ordinary of experiences.
Hand wash cold : care instructions for an ordinary life
Eating words : a Norton anthology of food writing
Mess : one man's struggle to clean up his house and his act
Memoirs of a man, Grenville Clark
Running man : how running saved me from addiction and transformed my life
Good-bye to all that : an autobiography
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
Supersonic : personal situations with Oasis (1992-96)
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
"Over the past three years, the notorious @GSElevator Twitter feed has offered a hilarious, shamelessly voyeuristic look into the real world of international finance. Hundreds of thousands followed the account, Goldman Sachs launched an internal investigation, and when the true identity of the man behind it all was revealed, it created a national media sensation--but that's only part of the story.  Where @GSElevator captured the essence of the banking elite with curated jokes and submissions overheard by readers, Straight to hell adds John LeFevre's own story--an unapologetic and darkly funny account of a career as a globe-conquering investment banker spanning New York, London, and Hong Kong."--Amazon.com.
This I cannot forget : the memoirs of Nikolai Bukharin's widow
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Sculptor's daughter : a childhood memoir
Bukharan Jews in the Soviet Union : autobiographical narrations of mobility, continuity and change
When heaven and earth changed places : a Vietnamese woman's journey from war to peace
Beyond belief : my secret life inside scientology and my harrowing escape
Living in two worlds : on being a social chameleon with Asperger's
The set of the sails : the adventures of a Cape Horn seaman
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
White gloves : how we create ourselves through memory
Live from the battlefield : from Vietnam to Baghdad : 35 years in the world's war zones
The keys : they don't want you to read this book
Reckless : My life as a Pretender
Sailing alone around the world
Russian court memoirs 1914-16 : with some account of court, social and political life in Petrograd before and since the war
Man's search for meaning
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Boswell's London journal 1762-1763
Jolly lad
Finland through Australian eyes
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
14,000 miles through the air
Towards tomorrow : the autobiography of Fenner Brockway
Mapping historians : historians' orientations and historical production
The Eden memoirs : full circle
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific crest trail
Records of the grand historian of China. 1, Early years of the Han dynasty : 209 to 141 b. C.
Against the odds : the adventures of a man in his sixties competing in six of the world’s toughest triathlons across six continents
Threading the snail : my journey through deafness
American wife : a memoir of love, service, faith, and renewal
I as a teacher : student teacher's journey to professionalism by means of reflection
Behind the veil at the Russian court
Tough guy : my life on the edge
Londoners : the days and nights of London now - as told by those who love it, hate it, live it, left it, and long for it
Marley & me : life and love with the world's worst dog
Born a crime : and other stories
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
Home & away : an autobiographical gambit
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Everything you ever wanted : a memoir
A place called home : twenty writing women remenber
Year of no sugar : a memoir
The puppet show of memory
The Eden memoirs : facing the dictators
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
The conscious ear : my life of transformation through listening ; [transl. by Stephen Lushington]
From Russia to Siam : with a voyage down the Danube : scetches of travel in many lands
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
Now remember
Messi : the inside story of the boy who became a legend
The memoirs
Wilhelm Anders Back (29.7.1886-2.4.1974) immigrated to Australia on 26 November 1902 - a 16-year old eager to take on the world. He and his brother Karl Johan Back (20.10.1877-20.6.1962) settled in the Byron Bay-Mullumbimby area of New South Wales. They often wrote home to urge their family to sell the farm and emigrate to the 'Promised Land.' Civil War intervened and the elderly parents baulked. Wilhelm travelled in 1924 to Finland - via the world at large - to encourage and persuade. That yearlong Grand Tour culminated in a Finnish summer. He sponsored a wave of migration from Ostrobothnia - but his own family was not amongst this..
The diving-bell and the butterfly
So many Everests
You will not have my hate
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
The inner circle : memoirs
Dance naked in the sun : a confessional
I know why the caged bird sings
Letters from the Canary Islands
The autobiography of James Monroe
With or without you
Growing up amish : a memoir
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
Dictators of the Baton
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
Battle Ready : memoir of a SEAL warrior medic
Vidal : the autobiography
Moonglow : a novel
No future without forgiveness
The second World War : first phase
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery, and billion-dollar deals
Black boy
Captive in Iran : a remarkable true story of hope and triumph amid the horror of Tehran’s brutal Evin Prison
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
My life : recollections of a nobel laureate
Call the Midwife: a true story of the East End in the 1950s
Crusade : a life against the calamitous twentieth century
Battle of the Java Sea
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Expecting : the inner life of pregnancy
When breath becomes air
The journal of Countess Franc̜oise Krasinska, great grandmother of Victor Emmanuel
The other side of Main Street : a history teacher from Sauk Centre
The memoirs of Harold von Mickwitz
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Surely you're joking, Mr. Feynman! : adventures of a curious character
The challenge of Red China
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
Jamie Vardy : from nowhere, my story
Hungry heart : adventures in life, love, and writing
Twenty-five years : 1892-1916
Dancing in Petersburg : the memoirs of Kschessinska
Hands of my father : a hearing boy, his deaf parents, and the language of love
Dying : a memoir
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
The letters of Samuel Pepys and his family circle
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
Chernobyl strawberries
The spark : a mother's story of nurturing genius
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
Shared lives
Depicts the late author's life through his own words, including his successful career in hockey as an enforcer and scorer, addiction to drugs, and reckless lifestyle off the ice
World on a string : a musical memoir
My memoirs
My brief history
England in Egypt
Hard choices
A long way home
Still with the music : my autobiography
The sensitive interpretation of emotions : methodological perspectives on  studying meanings in written life-historical narratives
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
A long journey : a documentary novel of a family̕ s history
Kitchen confidential : adventures in the culinary underbelly
Justice not vengeance
Checkout : A life on the tills
The misadventures of awkward black girl
A different kind of daughter : the girl who hid from the Taliban in plain sight
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
Brett : his own story
The system : an insider's life in Soviet politics
A kind of testament
K-men : the story of the german frogmen and midget submarines
Chernobyl prayer : a chronicle of the future
After a decade-long addiction to crack cocaine and alcohol, Charlie Engle hit rock bottom after a near-fatal six-day binge ended in a hail of bullets. Then he found running, and it has helped keep him sober, focused and alive. He began to take on the most extreme endurance races, such as the 155-mile Gobi March, and developed a reputation as an inspirational speaker. However, after he made the documentary Running the Sahara, narrated by Matt Damon, which followed him on a 4500-mile crossing of the desert and helped raise $6 million, he was sent to prison after failing to complete his mortgage application properly. It was while he was in jail that he became known as 'The Running Man' as he pounded the prison yard, and soon his fellow inmates were joining him, finding new hope through running. Now, in his brilliantly written and powerful account, Engle tells the story of his life and how running has brought him so much pleasure and peace. Like such classics as Born to Runor Running with the Kenyans, this is a book that anyone who has ever found solace in the freedom of running will enjoy.
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
American Evita : Hillary Clinton's path to power
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Dreams from my father : a story of race and inheritance
Coronel and the Falklands
"Up funnel, down screw " The story of the naval engineer
How to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale
Left for dead : my journey home from Everest
Wasted : a memoir of anorexia and bulimia
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Committed observer : memoirs of a journalist
Speak, memory : an autobiography revisited
Doctors east doctors west : an American physician's life in China
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
Little Wilson and big God : being the first part of the confessions of Anthony Burgess
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Fifty years ago
Struck by genius : how a brain injury made me a mathematical marvel
How to be a woman
Colonial slavery : letters to the right hon. William Huskisson
Memoirs of Lorenzo Da Ponte
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Devil at my heels
The only pirate at the party
The wounded land : journey through a divided America
Cows in trees : a warm and witty memoir of a vet's life
Contemporary memoirs of Russia from the year 1727 to 1744
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
My four years in Germany
Before the oil : a personal memoir of Abu Dhabi 1954-1958
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Full circle : the memoirs
Growing up Amish
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Places and persons
Political memoirs, 1905-1917
When broken glass floats : growing up under the Khmer rouge
My philosophical development
One of our submarines
Art is my life
Autobiography
Memoirs. 2, Years of trial and hope
The Taiheiki : a chronicle of medieval Japan ; transl., with an introd. and notes by Helen Craig McCullough
The long run : New York City firefighter's triumphant comeback from crash victim to elite athlete
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Brief candle in the dark : my life in science
The last corsair : the story of the Emden
A tribute to Keith Moon : (there is no substitute)
Highly qualified veterinary surgeon Julian Earl, entertains the reader with a few of his favourite tales and events from his long career not to mention the most bizarre of all - attending to a cow stuck in a tree! Chapters are littered with anecdotes, hilarious memories, and veterinary stories all told in a lighthearted style with plenty of examples and practical advice on what one should try and avoid when working as a veterinary surgeon. James Herriot for the 21st Century.
Dawkins shares with us his infectious sense of wonder at the natural world, his enjoyment of the absurdities of human interaction, and his bracing awareness of life's brevity: all of which have made a deep imprint on our culture.
The lightless sky : an Afghan refugee boy's journey of escape to a new life in Britain
Servant of sahibs : a book to be read aloud
The Climb : tragic ambitions on Everest
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
Everybody's autobiography
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
When the Phone Rings, My Bed Shakes : Memoirs of a Deaf doctor
Walden and civil disobedience
Surprised by joy
