http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8129 harvest
harvest
Proceedings of the seventh International Symposium on Postharvest Physiology of Ornamental Plants : Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, USA 13-18 November 1999
Research and development conference on vegetables, the market and the producer, Richmond, NWS Australia, 11-15 July 1988
Silage : field to feedbunk : Proceedings from the Silage : Field to feedbunk North American Conference : Hershey, Pennsylvania, February 11-13, 1997.
Mechanization for harvesting and processing dryland plants
Reducing grain damage in naked oat through gentle harvesting
Harvesting and processing of fibre hemp : final report
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Issues and advances in postharvest horticulture : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Lettuce, endive and chicory
Production practices and quality assessment of food crops. Vol. 1, Preharvest practice
Biological control of postharvest diseases : theory and practice
Fruit, nut, and vegetable harvesting mechanization : proceedings of the International Symposium on Fruit, Nut, and Vegetable harvesting Mechanization, October 5-12, 1983 The volcani Center Bet Dagan, Israel
Reed energy : possibilities of using the Common Reed for energy generation in Southern Finland
The festival of Lughnasa : a study of the survival of the Celtic festival on the beginning of harvest
Puutarhassa = In the garden
Ancient harvesting implements : a study in archaeology and human geography
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Mechanical Harvesting and Handling Systems of Fruits and Nuts : Florida, USA, April 1-4, 2012
Forages. Vol. 2, The science of grassland agriculture
World silage : a survey of forage conservation around the world
Evaluation of a handling system for ley crop used in biogas production : capacities and costs for a centralised system = Utvärdering av ett hanteringssystem för vallgröda ämnad för biogasproduktion
A kézi aratás járulékos eszközei = The auxiliary implements of manual harvesting
150 years of international harvester
Harvest and postharvest technologies for fresh fruits and vegetables = Technologias de cosecha y postcosecha de frutas y hortalizas : proceedings of the international conference, 20-24 February 1995, Guanjato, Mexico
International symposium on the quality of fruit and vegetables : the influence of pre- and post-harvest factors and technology
The enormous turnip
Organic cereal and pulse production : a complete guide
The impact of genetic background and cultivation methods on the bioactive compounds and sensory properties of strawberries
We gather together : celebrating the harvest season
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
Modern fruit science : orchard and small fruit culture
Cherries : crop physiology, production and uses
Forage conservation and feeding
International floriculture papers and statistics : Post harvest handling of cut flowers : selected papers
Lanterns : the harvest festival
The festival of Lughnasa : a study of the survival of the Celtic festival of the beginning of harvest
Handbook of postharvest technology : cereals, fruits, vegetables, tea, and spices
The Korean way of tea : an introductory guide
Potato mechanisation and storage
Seed loss and volunteer seedling establishment of rapeseed in the northernmost European conditions: potential for weed infestation and GM risks
Loss of sugars contributes to accelerate postharvest senescence of broccoli. Several treatments have been developed to delay senescence, but in many cases their effects on sugar metabolism were not analyzed. We studied the effect of harvest at different times of day (08:00, 13:00 and 18:00 h) and of several postharvest treatments as heat treatment (HT), modified atmosphere (MA) and 1-methylcylcopropene (1-MCP) on sugar levels and activities of enzymes related to sucrose and starch degradation. Harvesting at the end of day delayed the loss of chlorophylls and caused the lowest decrement in sugars, although no differences in invertase, sucrose synthase and β-amylase activities were detected among samples. Treatments of MA and 1-MCP caused a lower loss of glucose and fructose, while HT caused a lower decrement of sucrose. Treated samples maintained higher levels of chlorophylls. The treatments reduced the activity of invertase and sucrose synthase and induced higher levels of β-amylase activity. Harvesting at the end of day and performing simultaneously a MA treatment could be a good combination to maintain the green color of the inflorescence and sugar levels during postharvest of broccoli.
Postharvest diseases of fruits and vegetables : development and control
You've been hired by the town of Scoville to meet their need for heat. Your role as an employee of Scoville is to crossbreed peppers to create the hottest new breeds. You'll have to manage the auctioning, planting, and harvesting of peppers, then you'll be able to help the town by fulfilling their orders and creating new pepper breeds. Help make the town of Scoville a booming success! Let's get planting!
Effect of preharvest calcium treatments on postharvest quality of apples grown in Finland
Organic vegetable production : a complete guide
The great big enormous turnip
Carrots and related vegetable Umbelliferae
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 3, Agricultural mechanisation
Postharvest physiology and pathology of vegetables
6th International Symposium on Postharvest Physiology of Ornamental Plants : Oslo, Norway 17-22 June 1995
Singing the master : the emergence of African culture in the plantation South
Precision viticulture : a new era in vineyard management and wine production
International Symposium on Postharvest Treatment of Horticulural Crops : Kecskemét, Hungary 30th-3rd September 1993
Influence of the timing of the harvest of primary grass growth on herbage quality and subsequent digestion and performance in the ruminant animal
Production practices and quality assessment of food crops. Vol. 3, Quality handling and evaluation
On the farm : our holiday with uncle Kev
Proceedings of the fourth International Walnut Symposium : Bordeaux, France 13-16 September, 1999
Potatoes postharvest
By the light of the harvest moon
Singing flails : a study in threshing-floor constructions, flail-threshing traditions and the magic guarding of the house
Manual for the preparation and sale of fruits and vegetables : from field to market
The National Trust book of Christmas & festive day recipes
Peppers : botany, production and uses
Hunting, harvesting and home
The thing about luck
Yield variations of some common wild berries in Finland in 1956-1996
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Olive Growing : Évora, Portugal, September 9-13, 2008
The combine-harvester and its operating conditions
The Royal Horticultural Society : new encyclopedia of herbs and their uses
Handbook of bioenergy crop plants
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Olive Growing : Izmir, Turkey, September 27-October 2, 2004
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Turkey is one of the biggest cotton producing countries in the world. Defoliant is applied on 17% of the Turkey cotton production, which is similar to average defoliant application in the world. In Turkey, Finish® and Dropp® are widely in use as defoliant for desired boll opening in cotton. Finish® contains ethephon a.i. and cyclanilide a.i., and Dropp® contains thidiazuron a.i. and diuron a.i. In this study, total risk of defoliant on human health and environment were calculated by POCER (The Pesticide Occupational and Environmental Risk) indicator. The objective of this study was to determine the total risk value of defoliant application in cotton on human health and environment in Turkey. Thidiazuron a.i. has no potential risk on human health and environment. Diuron a.i. has relatively low total risk value on human health. Yet, it has very low risk on environment (0.097). Ethephon a.i. has relatively high total risk on human health (1.550). Cyclanilide a.i. has total risk on human health similar to ethephon a.i. These active ingredients (a.i.) have no potential risk for environment. Consequently, defoliant application in cotton has very low total risk value due to 10 of maximum value.
Effects of defoliation height on regrowth of timothy and meadow fescue in the generative and vegetative phases of growth
The new complete guide to beekeeping
Postharvest biotechnology of flowers and ornamental plants
The gigantic turnip
Influence of harvesting strategy on nutrient supply and production of dairy cows consuming diets based on grass and red clover silage
Determination of total risk of defoliant application in cotton on human health and environment
Postharvest : an introduction to the physiology and handling of fruit and vegetables
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Hydroponics : indoor horticulture
Harvest : festival fun for the early years
Effect of time of day for harvest and postharvest treatments on the sugar metabolism of broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica)
Proceedings of the IInd Iberian Congress on Chestnut : Vita Real, Portugal, June 20-22, 2007
The flower farmer : an organic grower's guide to raising and selling cut flowers
5th International symposium on pear growing, Zaragoza, Spain, 24-27 May, 1988
Hay and forage harvesting
Rapeseed soil seed bank development and volunteer plant establishment represent substantial risk for crop infestation and GM contamination. This study was designed to complement such investigations with novel understanding from high latitude conditions. Four experiments were designed to characterise seed loss at harvest, persistence, viability and capacity for volunteer seedling establishment, as well as impact of management measures on soil seed bank dynamics. Oilseed rape was the primary crop investigated due to the availability of GM cultivars and because of the increasing importance. Harvest losses and soil seed bank development were significant. Volunteer seedlings emerged at reasonably high rates, especially in the first autumn after harvest, but about 10% of buried seeds maintained their viability for at least three years. Soil incorporation methods had no major effect on numbers of volunteer seedlings, but herbicide treatments controlled volunteer seedlings efficiently, though not completely, due to irregular timing of seedling emergence.
The avocado : botany, production, and uses
Postharvest physiology and storage of tropical and subtropical fruits
Benefits of the Yeheb shrub (Cordeauxia edulis) for the local communities in the Horn of Africa : case study in the Mudug region, Puntland, Somalia
Pre- and postharvest development of carrot yield and quality
Effects of handling on sensory quality of carrots (Daucus carota L.) in relation to chemical parameters = Effekter av håndtering på sensorisk kvalitet i gulrøtter (Daucus carota L.) i relasjon til kjemiske parameter
Specialty cut flowers : the production of annuals, perennials, bulbs and woody plants for fresh and dried cut flowers
Postharvest oxidative stress in horticultural crops
Harvesting and handling of flax for the production of short fibres under Swedish conditions : a literature review
Productive orcharding : modern methods of growing and marketing fruit
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
The world atlas of coffee : from beans to brewing - coffees explored, explained and enjoyd
