http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8121 ecotourism
ecotourism
The concept of ecotourism : challenges and opportunities
Thailand : The east
Only planet : a flight-free adventure around the world
Rural areas around the world are facing serious problems today such as aging and population decline due to loss of employment opportunities and services. Many rural areas have turned to tourism in search of a better future and it has revealed its potential to sustain rural communities by providing significant income and opportunities. However, poorly managed tourism development can also destroy rural communities, which are extremely fragile to rapid social changes. The theoretical framework of this thesis is based on literature, examining the principles of rural tourism, sustainability and the importance of social sustainability in the development and management of rural tourism. The aim of this thesis is to evaluate the potential of tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, specifically in the Tampere Region. A specific focus is on Hiking Travel Hit Company; opened in 1992. It focuses on nature and rural tourism, event organizing and wilderness training. The Tampere region is growing very rapidly and it is obtaining many benefits from the changes in the tourism sector. However, little research has been conducted on how tourism has actually socially affected the community. The aim is to evaluate whether this kind of development can sustain the rural community and the entrepreneurs in a socially sustainable manner and thus whether it could be further adopted in other rural areas in the future. And can it provide the desired benefits to the tourism entrepreneurs? The empirical part of this thesis consists of some interviews and a small comparison between the organizations in various municipalities working for the development of tourism. The interviews were conducted in October 2009. The results reveal that entrepreneurs who have been living in the rural communities and then started tourism as a business have not gained many benefits from the tourism but they noticed the increased incomes from tourism development and they put great value to it. The villagers and entrepreneurs also perceive better infrastructure and built environment as major positive impacts of tourism, whereas increased traffic, noise and air pollution as negative impacts. According to this study tourism can be used as a socially sustainable tool for rural development. However, careful management, balancing and community involvement are required. The needs and opinions of local inhabitants and the entrepreneurs need to be taken into account in all tourism planning and social impacts need to be proactively assessed.
Sustainable tourism as a development option : practical guide for local planners, developers and decision makers
Towards better tourism : development plan for Colors of Zanzibar
Nature tourism
The impacts of mountaineering tourism on poor countries : case Nepal
Potential of Ecotourism in Finland
Quality assurance and certification in ecotourism
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Dynamic aspects in tourism development : proceedings of the 5th Nordic Symposium on Tourism Research. Volume 1
Wilderness in the circumpolar north : searching for compatibility in ecological, traditional, and ecotourism values : 2001 May 15-16; Anchorage, Alaska
Local communities and participation in African tourism
Rethinking tourism and ecotravel : the paving of paradise and what you can do to stop it
Ecotourism : an introduction
Leisure, tourism and environment : participation, perception and preferences
Internet technologies and ecotourism marketing : a closer look into the gabs of ecotourism internet marketing in kisumu county
Sustainable tourism : from mass tourism towards eco-tourism
Sustainable Model for Arctic Regional Tourism (SMART) : final report
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Sustainable tourism on a finite planet : environmental, business and policy solutions
Ecotourism, NGOs and development
Transforming parks and protected areas : policy and governance in a changing world
Sustainable tourism strategy : design of guidelines for future tourism development in Lake Pihlajavesi Area
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
Tropical Mexico : the ecotravellers' wildlife guide
The massive growth of the tourism industry during the last 50 years has led the tourists to seek new, unspoilt destinations - often from the developing countries. In the rush to compete about the economic gain opportunities this creates, the well-being of the local population is commonly overlooked. The benefits and costs of tourism are not equally spread. The recent development of alternative tourism has made it possible for the local communities to be also at the receiving end of the tourism profit chain. One example of community-based tourism is Homestay tourism. This kind of tourism has its own characteristics what comes to management and sustainability. This thesis is a case study of the Homestay project of a village in Sabah, Malaysia, called Kiau Nulu. The aim is to define sustainability in small-scale, community-based tourism operations in a rural village setting. In order to do this it was essential to consider the role of tourism in the village, find out who should determine sustainability and for whom it should be developed. The purpose was to provide the villagers with a tool to help them plan their tourism operations. The author used an ethnographic research model, including non-participatory observation, informal interviews and desk research as data collection methods. The data collection was conducted in Kiau village and two other native villages in Sabah during the months from June to August 2003. Villagers and local tourism professionals related to Homestay tourism were discussed with and observed to determine the local point of view to the subject. The results of the research showed, that community tourism operations differ fundamentally from the mainstream tourism in pursue of sustainability, as their product is their own culture and life. Their product cannot be altered, so they have to choose their tourists and concentrate on their own needs and benefit. Also the basic information about the concepts of sustainability and tourisms negative impacts is imperative, before Kiau community can learn to manage tourism sustainably. Tourism must have an objective the villagers set for it. Thus planning and democratic decision making are vital. Becoming dependent on tourism has to be avoided. Sustainability in Kiau has to be determined by the villagers themselves. The scientific 'western' perception of sustainability combined with the locals wants and values can provide an exellent sustainability definition suitable for Kiau's needs and culture. Kiau village has good chances to achieve sustainable development as they still are community-oriented and the values of their ancestors are forming a valuable heritage to rely on. This thesis provides the authors view on sustainability in Kiau, and can therefore present only recommendations based on research.
Tourism ecolabelling : certification and promotion of sustainable management
Creating ecotourism business in Pello
National parks : biodiversity, conservation and tourism
Higher ground : How to travel responsibly without roughing it
Forest and Well-Being Services for Tourists : Case:Nuuksio
Green rooms : over 100 eco-friendly and ethical escapes around the world
Mediterranean islands and sustainable tourism development : practices, management and policies
Earthwatch 2007 guide
Marketing tourism and hospitality industry. volume I, inbounding and outbounding tourism, ecotourism and hospitality industry
Global mobilities and tourism development : a community perspective
Ecotourism and the community participation
Ecotourism : principles and practices
Facing the wild : ecotourism, conservation, and animal encounters
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Brazil : Amazon and Pantanal
Integrating agriculture, conservation and ecotourism : societal influences
Ecological Promises and Execution in hotel chains. Case: Restel Cumulus and Scandic
Ecotourism and sustainable development
Managing sustainable tourism : a legacy for the future
Geotourism : Agrotourism by Country, Geoparks, Agritourism, North West Highlands Geopark, Marble Arch Caves Global Geopark, Mount Wutai /.
UNWTO high-level regional conference on green tourism : final report
Ecotourism in the less developed world
Journal of ecotourism
Institutional capacities for sustainable progress : experiences from Costa Rica
Using natural and cultural heritage to develop sustainable tourism in non-traditional tourist destinations
Selling the Serengeti : the cultural politics of safari tourism
Islands of rainforest : agroforestry, logging and eco-tourism in Solomon Islands
Ecotourism : specialized marketing strategies to encourage eco-travel
Bear signs and ecoturism
THE DEVELOPMENT POTENTIALS OF GHANA’S CAPE COAST AS A DESTINATION.
Desert tourism : tracing the fragile edges of development / edited by Virginie Picon-Lefebvre with Aziza Chaouni
Ecotourism : principles, practices and policies for sustainability
In the last decades, a fast rise of emerging economies, like the BRICS nations, have propelled the growth of tourism worldwide. Meanwhile, a plethora of nature destinations has been developed to supply the diverse needs of the new wave of demand from emerging economies so as to entice the existing tourists from advanced and rich economies. Nature Tourism augments the current literature on the benefits and pitfalls in recent developments of nature tourism, tracing the history in development, highlighting the ecological impacts and showcasing the current practices in nature tourism along with discussions on specific tourist markets from holistic viewpoints embracing lessons learning from various destination nations and continents across the globe. A host of topics with global significance will be explored such as the effect of climate change on nature tourism, technological innovation in managing nature tourism, visitor management in nature tourism and market positioning in a highly competitive environment. These are reviewed in a wide range of countries from USA/Canada, South America, Scandinavian countries, Swiss Alp, Middle-East countries, Africa, China, and Australia/New Zealand. This book will offer significant insight into the nature based tourism and its future development. It will be of interest to upper level students, researchers and academics in tourism, environmental studies, development and sustainability.
Proceedings of the EuroMAB 2002 meeting, October 2002, Rome, Italy
The tourism industry has contributed significantly to Ghana's economy, particularly in recent times, as the sector continues to demonstrate its potential as a key driver of growth. For example, between 2000 and 2005, visitor arrivals and spending increased by 46 per cent and 68 percent respectively. The industry is currently the third largest foreign exchange earner after merchandise exports and remittances from abroad and has become one of the most important and fastest growing sectors of the Ghanaian economy. Tourism receipts in Ghana are forecasted to reach $1.5 billion by the end of 2010.Cape Coast municipality that is regarded as the brain box of Ghana's tourism still lack the concept and dignity tourism site should attain. Therefore there is the need to access and evaluate the current situation of the tourism sector in the municipality and as a result recommend what needs to be done and has been done by more world famous tourism destinations and countries to get to where they are today. This thesis was purely conducted based on literature review by reviewing, analyzing and authenticating the projects and reports already written on similar topic and project. Tourism textbooks, journals, Internet sources and internet reports were the secondary sources reviewed. The keys findings of the research were aimed at analyzing the tourism potentials of Cape Coast as a destination so as to make it attractive to both domestic and international tourists.
Tourism and nature in Africa
Tourism market trends : world overview & tourism topics
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
Environmental impacts of ecotourism
Tjäreborg's hiking tour in Madeira – an ecotourism product?
Ecotourism : An introduction. [Ellibs-kirja]
Enhancing community involvement in wildlife tourism : issues and challenges
Environmental management and the competitiveness of nature-based tourism destinations
Community-based ecotourism as a sustainable development option : case of the Taita Hills, Kenya
Ecotourism, NGOs and development : a critical analysis
The nature of ecotourism
Perceptions of Ecotourism in Finland
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Global tourism sustainable tourism & eco-tourism : codes of ethics, charter, guidelines, resolutions
Socially sustainable tourism : a tool for rural development
Ecotourism guidelines for nature tour operators
The encyclopedia of ecotourism
Wildlife viewing : a management handbook
Liminality in paradise : a study in utopianism at the Punta Mona community
Global challenges of parks and protected area management : proceedings of the 9th ISSRM, October 10-13, 2002, La Maddalena, Sardinia, Italy
Management of contradictions packaged tourism and ecotourism
Ecotourism and cultural production : an anthropology of indigenous spaces in Ecuador
Developing the Rainforest Tourism Products in Hainan Island  : Case: Hainan Yanoda Rainforest Culture Tourism Zone
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
Sustainable tourism in rural Europe : approaches to development
Sustainable Tourism Development in Nepal, Case: Suomen Latu ry
Nature-based tourism in Mallorcas natural areas : the benefits of tourism for natural areas
Abstract.
Nature and tourism: tools for sustainability : international conference 22-24 May 2007, Arctic Centre, University of Lapland, Arktikum house, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstract book
Ecotourism potential of Amani Nature Reserve, Tanzania
The Khanty-Mansiysky autonomous okrug - Yugra : guide
Eco- and activity tours are riding in the wave of popularity
The development and potentials of ecotourism on Balkan peninsula
The development potentials of Ghana's Cape Coast as a destination
Demand for paradise, why does it not exist? : a study on socio-economic impacts of ecotourism in Tamanjaya
Tourism in Southeast Asia : A new direction
Take only photographs, leave only footprints : the environmental impacts of wildlife tourism
Economics of poverty, environment and natural-resource use
Tourism alternatives : potentials and problems in the development of tourism
Research and monitoring of sustainability of nature-based tourism and recreational use of nature in Oulanka and Paanajärvi National Parks
Mark Carwardine's guide to whalewatching : Britain and Europe
International handbook on ecotourism
Ecotourism : management and assessment
Volunteer tourism: help or a hindrance : examining volunteer tourism as a means of sustainable travel
Local involvement and economic dimensions in biosphere reserve activities : proceedings of the 3rd EuroMAB Biosphere Reserve Coordinators' Meeting in Ilomantsi and Nagu, Finland, August 31-September 5, 1998
Managing educational tourism
Impact of Ecotourism  : A Study on the Environmental Impact of Ecotourism in Can Gio Mangrove Biosphere, Viet Nam
Conservation tourism
Cultural tourism
On the wild side : the story of Malawi's Liwonde National Park
Marketing plan for the islands owned by the town of Rauma: Kuskajaskari, Kylmäpihlaja, Reksaari
The evolution of tourism : adapting to change : 28th annual conference proceedings
Wildlife tourism : impacts, management and planning
Tourism in the Green Economy : background report
Sustainable tourism in the English Lake District
Transforming the frontier : peace parks and the politics of neoliberal conservation in southern Africa
The eco-travel guide
Rethinking the Wild Coast, South Africa : eco-frontiers vs livelihoods in Pondoland
Arctic ecology and identity
Sustainability on community-based homestay tourism : case: Kiau Nulu Village, Sabah, Malaysia
Indigenous ecotourism : sustainable development and management
Magoroto Mlinga community ecotourism : a feasibility study
Marine ecotourism : between the devil and the deep blue sea
The eco-travel handbook : the complete sourcebook for business and pleasure
Dolphins at 10 o'clock! : researching whale watching as a form of ecotourism with applications for Hong Kong
Clean breaks : 500 new ways to see the world
Forest management for tourism purposes in Finland
Touring, trekking, and traveling green : careers in ecotourism
Luisa Wolter examines the travel motivations and interests of natural park visitors to Mallorca with a special focus on sustainable tourism development. The data for the study were collected from tourists in the two natural parks sAlbufera and Llevant in the North of Mallorca. Based on the results of the analysis, natural area managers can develop new products and marketing strategies that address their very own visitors, contribute to the sustainable development of their region, and influence the visitors views and behaviors by raising environmental awareness. Contents Sustainability Nature-Based Tourism Tourist Demand Impacts Target Groups Researchers, students, and professionals in the field of tourism, destination marketing and management The Author Luisa Wolter completed her bachelors degree in Tourism Management and her masters degree in Tourism and Destination Development at the University of Applied Sciences Hochschule Harz, Wernigerode.
Proceedings of th 5th International Coastal  and Marine Tourism : balancing marine tourism , development and sustanability 11-15 September 2007
Ecotourism and conservation in the Americas
Tourism, development and growth : the challenge of sustainability
Sustainable tourism: II
Sustainable tourism development in Hai Phong city : case: Vietnamtourism travelling company
Ecological tourism as a form of environmental education
Whale watcher : a global guide to watching whales, dolphins and porpoises in the wild
Ecotourism from Finland to Jamaica : discussing the feasibility of the business concept and the development of a business plan for a SME
Practicing responsible tourism : international case studies in tourism planning, policy, and development
Planning and development of tourism and hospitality
The ethical travel guide : your passport to exciting alternative holidays
Trends and issues in global tourism 2007
An outlook on tourism and ecotourism : a case analysis
Ecolabelling the Hotel Industry : The Nordic Ecolabel
Ecotourism and Sustainability: Social Impacts on Rural Communities : Case: San Luis Potosí, Mexico
Sustainable Tourism Management along the Camino de Santiago Pilgrimage Routes
Economic Impact of Ecotourism in Mount Cameroon Region
Ecotourism development in Eastern and Southern Africa
