http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8123 inactivity
inactivity idleness
Slow living
Old buildings in North Texas
'Trouble springs from idleness, and grievous toil from needless ease' (Benjamin Franklin). Such negative evaluations of idleness and their contrary, positive re-evaluations, as in Cyril Connolly's 'Idleness is only a coarse name for my infinite capacity for living in the present', have been common attitudes towards leisurely disporting and idle repose. This collection of essays traces the history of representations of idleness, indolence and leisure in English literature from the late Middle Ages to the present day. It focuses on issues as varied as the figure of the idle apprentice in the Elizabethan pamphlet wars, the 'lazy native' in British colonial discourse, positive re-evaluations of indolence and repose in the Romantic era and the delights of tramping in early twentieth-century prose. The contributions also significantly inflect current theoretical debates on race, class and gender. The topicality of the subject is emphasized by two pieces of sociological analysis which serve as epilogues to the volume.
Empty labor : idleness and workplace resistance
While most people work ever-longer hours, international statistics suggest that the average time spent on non-work activities per employee is around two hours a day. How is this possible, and what are the reasons behind employees withdrawing from work? In this thought-provoking book, Roland Paulsen examines organizational misbehavior, specifically the phenomenon of 'empty labor," defined as the time during which employees engage in private activities during the working day. The author explores a variety of explanations, from under-employment to workplace resistance. Building on a rich selection of interview material and extensive empirical research, he uses both qualitative and quantitative data to present a concrete analysis of the different ways empty labor unfolds in the modern workplace. This book offers new perspectives on subjectivity, rationality and work simulation and will be of particular interest to academic researchers and graduate students in organizational sociology, organization studies, and human resource management."--Publisher description. Read
Diary of a wimpy kid. [4], dog days
The idler. No 44, Mind your business : a collection of essays on the art of living
The importance of being idle : a little book of lazy inspiration
Slow food revolution : a new culture for eating and living
IDLE THOUGHTS OF AN IDLE FELLOW
The anxieties of idleness : idleness in eighteenth-century British literature and culture
Idleness, indolence and leisure in English literature
A cabaret from Spain : Conservas : 7 dust show : work means wasting your life...
In praise of slow : how a worldwide movement is challenging the cult of speed
The art of stillness : adventures in going nowhere
The leisure society
The use and abuse of time in Christian history : papers read at the 1999 summer meeting and the 2000 winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Diary of a wimpy kid : dog days
The idle parent
Orphans of Eldorado
The idler : 20th anniversary special. No 46, Free spirits : interviews 1993-2013
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Sloth : [and how to get it]
The secret world of doing nothing
