http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8127 regional identity
regional identity
Seminar no. 10 on cultural identity and regional development : comparative analysis and prospects : Interlaken, Switzerland, 16-18 October 1989
Writing on the edge : interviews with writers and editors of Wales
Nations and nationalism
Bordering with culture(s) : Europeanization and cultural agency at the external border of the European Union
Cultural enlargement of the European Union : international seminar and 30th anniversary organised by Finnish National Committee, European Cultural Foundation
Scars of the past - the impact of contested identities on an EU external border
Rethinking the region
National self-images and regional identities in Russia
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
Security in the Barents Region : interpretations and implications of the Norwegian Barents initiative
A passion for identity : introduction to Canadian studies
Forgotten pages in Baltic history : diversity and inclusion
NGP yearbook 2007 : the changing cultural geographies of place, region and mobility
Region, regional identity and regionalism in Southeastern Europe
How deep is your love? : the Baltic brotherhood re-examined
"And burn today whom yesterday they fed" : citizens and state in Montenegro
Regional identity in destination development
Hong Kong reintegrating with China : political, cultural and social dimensios
The EU on the Menu : the role of food in the construction of European identity
Tourism and national identities : an international perspective
Inclusion, exclusion and territorial identities : the meanings of boundaries in the globalizing geopolitical landscape
Local identity and regional variation : notes on the lack of significance of ethnicity among the Luangan and the Bentian
Locality, memory, reconstruction : the cultural challenges and possibilities of former single-industry communities
The Fluid Borders of Europe
The political economy of east-west transnational regionalization
Looking north : northern England and the national imagination
The Scottish question
Local identities in late medieval and early modern England
What is Europe?
Cities shape the lives and outlooks of billions of people, yet they have been overshadowed in contemporary political thought by nation-states, identity groups, and concepts like justice and freedom. The Spirit of Cities revives the classical idea that a city expresses its own distinctive ethos or values. In the ancient world, Athens was synonymous with democracy and Sparta represented military discipline. In this original and engaging book, Daniel Bell and Avner de-Shalit explore how this classical idea can be applied to today's cities, and they explain why philosophy and the social sciences need to rediscover the spirit of cities. Bell and de-Shalit look at nine modern cities and the prevailing ethos that distinguishes each one. The cities are Jerusalem (religion), Montreal (language), Singapore (nation building), Hong Kong (materialism), Beijing (political power), Oxford (learning), Berlin (tolerance and intolerance), Paris (romance), and New York (ambition). Bell and de-Shalit draw upon the richly varied histories of each city, as well as novels, poems, biographies, tourist guides, architectural landmarks, and the authors' own personal reflections and insights. They show how the ethos of each city is expressed in political, cultural, and economic life, and also how pride in a city's ethos can oppose the homogenizing tendencies of globalization and curb the excesses of nationalism. The Spirit of Cities is unreservedly impressionistic. Combining strolling and storytelling with cutting-edge theory, the book encourages debate and opens up new avenues of inquiry in philosophy and the social sciences. It is a must-read for lovers of cities everywhere. In a new preface, Bell and de-Shalit further develop their idea of "civicism," the pride city dwellers feel for their city and its ethos over that of others.
The inner differentation of large cities in Finland : a review
Euro-Arctic security : the policy puzzle
Nested identities : nationalism, territory, and scale
Baltic Sea identity : common sea - common culture? : 1st Cultural Heritage Forum, Gdansk 3rd-6th April 2003 at the Polish Maritime Museum in Gdansk
Controlling Europe : immigration versus European identity
Past, present and future : identity and life-change of youth in transitional Lithuania
Modern territoriality and minority politicisation : the discourse of Estonian view of state from 1725-1997
Free - city/state ideas in Memel in 1919 - 1924 : a missed historical opportunity or political idealism?
The relationship of teachers with their environment and its significance in teaching
Regional studies : the interplay of land and people
Europe's other : European law between modernity and postmodernity
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
The making of Northeast Asia
The spirit of cities : why the identity of a city matters in a global age
In the eyes of the sea : memories of place and displacement in a South African fishing town
The Destruction of Memory : Architecture at War
Creating the Baltic Sea Region : different viewpoints of European institutional documentation and Estonians' spatial experience
Regionalism in the age of globalism. Vol. 2, Forms of regionalism
A study on the importance of place in people's lives, reflecting on the development of the field of environmental philosophy and presenting Edward S. Casey's current thinking on place and home in our increasingly troubled world.
Multicultural citizenship of the European Union
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Spaces and identities in border regions : politics - media - subjects
Issues of regional identity : in honour of John Marshall
Symbolic geography of media : identity formation and meaning marketing in Finnish regional press
Identity and beyond : rethinking Africanity
Urban identity : learning from place 2
Providing a comparative treatment of four cities of the eastern Roman empire in the period 50 BC–AD 250 - Aphrodisias and Ephesos in Turkey, Athens in Greece and Gerasa in Jordan - this carefully researched study examines the instrumental factors behind regional and local urban developments and what these tell us about regional identity in the areas. It is argued that local communities were responsible for the organization and development of public space and buildings and took upon themselves this responsibility with a profound understanding of self-representation of urban communities within the framework of the Roman empire, but also with great knowledge of their own local and regional history and traditions. The development of an urban landscape can therefore provide useful information about many aspects of regional identity of a particular society. The book also discusses the influence which the wealth of imperial freedmen had on the development of their native towns once they returned home, arguing that this phenomenon, characteristic of the early imperial period, is more widespread than previously assumed. Furthermore, the impact of individuals' benefactions on the urban landscape and how these played into the general local and regional identity is examined. Through an investigation of the interaction between architectural developments, historical and regional factors, Urban Development and Regional Identity in the Eastern Roman Provinces provides important insight into the processes nurturing the interactions between the built environment and the social and political culture and urban identity of individual towns in the eastern Roman empire.
European, national and regional identity : proceedings of the international conference "European, national and regional identity"
Inventing Europe : idea, identity, reality
Thinking northern : textures of identity in the North of England
A passion for identity : Canadian studies for the 21st century
Africa's search for identity
The land within : indigenous territory and the perception of environment
Getting back into place : toward a renewed understanding of the place-world
Identity by design
Bornholm : economic and innovative capasity: dealing with dichotomies
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Basques and Basqueness : competing and conflicting identities
The institutionalization of regions : a theoretical framework for understanding the emergence of regions and the constitution of regional identity
"What is Europe? Where does it begin and end? Who is a European? These questions have long been debated but never more so than in the early 21st century. Anna Triandafyllidou and Ruby Gropas show that there can be no single definition of Europe but that a lot can be learned from addressing its diverse meanings"--
Xinjiang of China : its past and present
The institutionalization of regions : theory and comparative case studies
Places and politics in an age of globalization
Culture and regions of Europe
Citizens of Europe? : the emergence of a mass European identity
Transnationalism in the Balkans
Woman in a Northern landscape
Regions in Central and Eastern Europe : past and present
Space and place - mirrors of social and cultural identities ? : studies in historical geography
Away down South : a history of Southern identity
Regionalization around the Baltic Sea in interaction with the European Union : the multi-level formation of a transnational region
On the border of the Western and Eastern worlds : the emergence of the utopia of the Värtsilä community in Eastern Finland
Globalization and democratization in Asia : the construction of identity
Signifying Europe
Europe and the Asia-Pacific : culture, identity and representations of region
Local identity and sport : historical study of integration and differentation : proceedings of the 6th ISHPES Seminar, Kanazawa, Japan, 2002
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
The small local Italian community : tradition and innovation
Between Europe & Asia : the origins, theories, and legacies of Russian eurasianism
The geographical construction of a substate national identity : The Galician case in Spain 1920-1936
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Challenged borderlands : transcending political and cultural boundaries
5. Nordia-päivä Oulussa 28.10.1994 = The fifth Nordia-event in Oulu 28th October 1994
The nature of cultural heritage and the culture of natural heritage : northern perspectives on a contested patrimony
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
A europeanised Irish security and defence policy? : the case of Ireland and EU battle groups
Introduction : migration and local identity in former territories of the USSR
Frontiers and identities : exploring the research area
Regional cooperation of cities in the Baltic Sea Area : a semiotic approach to the "new Hansa" metaphor
Europe : a Nietzschean perspective
Turizmus, fesztiválok és helyi identitás : halászl fózés Baján = Tourism, festivals and local identity : fish soup cooking in Baja, Hungary/ szerk. Pusztai Bertalan; Neill Martin
Urban development and regional identity in the Eastern Roman provinces, 50 BC-AD 250 : Aphrodisias, Ephesos, Athens, Gerasa
Globalization and identity : dialectics of flow and closure
Figures d'Europe = Images and myths of Europe
Living the territorial divisions in Northern Ireland
A world of regions : Asia and Europe in the American imperium
Globalization and belonging
A decimated Shiite shrine in Iraq. The smoking World Trade Center site. The scorched cityscape of 1945 Dresden. Among the most indelible scars left by war is the destroyed landscapes, and such architectural devastation damages far more than mere buildings. Robert Bevan argues here"that shattered buildings are not merely "collateral damage," but rather calculated acts of cultural annihilation.From Hitler's Kristallnacht to the toppling of Saddam Hussein's statue in the Iraq War, Bevan deftly sifts through military campaigns and their tactics throughout history, and analyzes the cultural impact and catastrophic consequences of architectural destruction. For Bevan, these actions are nothing less than cultural genocide. Ultimately, Bevan forcefully argues for the prosecution of nations that purposely flout established international treaties against destroyed architecture.A passionate and thought-provoking cri de coeur, "The Destruction of Memory "raises questions about the costs of war that run deeper than blood and money."The idea of a global inheritance seems to have fallen by the wayside and lessons that should have long ago been learned are still being recklessly disregarded.
Folktales and storytellers of Iran : culture, ethnos and identity
