http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8132 Japanese language literature
Japanese language literature
The poetics of Japanese verse : imagery, structure, meter
Song, dance, storytelling : aspects of the performing arts in Japan
Origins of modern Japanese literature
Some aspects of classical Japanese literature : an effort of code and discursivity analysis
A history of Japanese literature. 1, The archaic and ancient ages
Contemporary Japanese literature : an anthology of fiction, film, and other writing since 1945
The wind-up bird chronicle
Waka and renga theory : shifts in the conceptual ground
Endō Shūsaku : a literature of reconciliation
Song in an age of discord : the journal of Sōchō and poetic life in late medieval Japan
The madness and perversion of Yukio Mishima
Sanshirō : a novel
Ōe Kenzaburō and contemporary Japanese literature
Death by water
Haruki Murakami and the music of words
Ideology and narrative in modern Japanese literature
The sound of waves
My friends = Mis amigos
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. Vol. 6 B, pt. 1, Literature : Modern period
A quiet room : the poetry of Zen Master Jakushitsu
Japanese fiction in the Meiji era
Introduction to classic Japanese literature
Japan, the ambiguous, and myself : the Nobel Prize speech and other lectures
Reading against culture : ideology and narrative in the Japanese novel
Poems from the Mainichi Haiku Contest
The karma of words : Buddhism and the literary arts in medieval Japan
The year of my life : a translation of Issa's Oraga haru
World within walls : Japanese literature of the pre-modern era, 1600-1867
The narrow road to the deep North, and other travel sketches
Monkey business : new writing from Japan
The life of an amorous woman : and other writings
Summary in danish.
Anthology of Japanese literature from the earliest era to the mid-nineteenth century
The sound of the wind : the life and works of Uno Chiyo
The Kyogen book : an anthology of Japanese classical comedies
Hardboiled ; Hard luck
The Manyōshū : the Nippon Gakujutsu Shinkōkai translation of one thousand poems
A history of Japanese literature. [1.], The first thousand years
A history of Japanese literature. Vol. 3, The high Middle Ages
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. Vol. 6 B, pt. 5, Literature : (Modern period II)
Heart's flower : the life and poetry of Shinkei
Blind willow, sleeping woman : twenty-four stories
Tomoshibi : collected poetry = Light
Modern Japanese literature : an anthology
Nocturnal man-made trees
An inquiry into the Japanese mind as mirrored in literature : the flowering period of common people literature
Japanese literature : an introduction for Western readers
Blue bamboo : tales of fantasy and romance
Japanese court poetry
The aesthetics of discontent : politics and reclusion in medieval Japanese literature
A history of Japanese literature. Volume 2, The years of isolation
The silent cry
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. Vol. 6 B, pt. 2, Literature
The sound of the mountain
A reader's guide to Japanese literature
Five modern Nō plays
Japanese literature in foreign languages 1945-1990
Synopses of contemporary Japanese literature. 2, 1936-1955
The temple of the wild geese ; and Bamboo dolls of Echizen : two novellas
Travelers of a hundred ages
Monkey brain sushi : new tastes in Japanese fiction
String of beads : complete poems of princess Shikishi
One of Soseki's most beloved works of fiction, the novel depicts the 23-year-old Sanshiro leaving the sleepy countryside for the first time in his life to experience the constantly moving 'real world' of Tokyo, its women and university. In the subtle tension between our appreciation of Soseki's lively humour and our awareness of Sanshiro's doomed innocence, the novel comes to life. "Sanshiro" is also penetrating social and cultural commentary.
Ancient tales & folklore of Japan
In the shade of spring leaves : the life and writings of Higuchi Ichiyō, a woman of letters in Meiji Japan
A survey of Japanese literature today
Song of sadness
Waiting for the wind : thirty-six poets of Japan's late medieval age
Fictions of desire : narrative form in the novels of Nagai Kafū
The role of poetry in classical Japanese literature : a code and discursivity analysis
A history of Japanese literature. Volume 3, The modern years
The tale of Genji. Vol. 1-2
The Heiké story
Traditional Japanese poetry : an anthology
Conversations with Shōtetsu = Shōtetsu monogatari
Grass on the wayside = Michikusa : a novel
A poet's anthology : the range of Japanese poetry
Nanyo-orientalism : Japanese representations of the Pacific
Murasaki Shikibu : the Tale of Genji
Complicit fictions : the subject in the modern Japanese prose narrative
Hōgen monogatari : tale of the disorder in Hōgen
Murasaki Shikibu's The Tale of Genji, written in Japan in the early eleventh century, is acknowledged to be one of Japan's greatest literary achievements, and sometimes thought of as the world's first novel. It is also one of the earliest major works to be written by a woman. This introduction to the Genji sketches the cultural background, offers detailed analysis of the text, discusses matters of language and style and ends by tracing the history of its reception through nine centuries of cultural change.
The narrow road to the deep North : and other travel sketches
The literature of Japan
A history of Japanese literature. 2, The early Middle Ages
The bridge of dreams : a poetics of The tale of Genji
Miyazawa Kenji : his stories, characters, and worldview
Shanghai : a novel
Dawn to the West : Japanese literature of the modern era : fiction
An index to Mori Ōgai's German Diary
A dark night's passing
Kafka on the shore
Short stories in Japanese = Nihongo no tanpen shōsetsu
Japanese literature in foreign languages 1945-1995
Japanese fiction in the Taisho era
The Tale of Matsura : Fujiwara Teika's experiment in fiction
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. Vol. 6 B, pt. 3, Literature : Edo period
A Tanizaki feast : the international symposium in Venice
Ren'in and signs : tracing the meaning in Hōjōki
The tale of Genji
