http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8131 school children
school children
Say I love you. 9
What does a pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat their schoolteacher’s alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earth—unless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? The Grim Reaper sets up a lethal trap that buries Mr. Karasuma and Ms. Vitch alive. Will Mr. Karasuma’s repressed feelings surface before he and Ms. Vitch do? And how will Mr. Karasuma face Death? Then, despite his vow to destroy the planet in March, Koro Sensei offers career counseling to his students. Nagisa’s professional goal raises some serious issues. And finally, it’s time for the next school festival showdown. Class A and Class E compete for the most customers. If they build it, will they come…to the top of 3-E’s remote mountaintop?
Grammar in focus : a differentiated teacher's EFL material for the 4th grade
Assassination classroom. 6, Swim time
Monster High : new ghoul in school : PlayStation 3
Peer relationships of pupils with and without individualized education plans in co-teaching and maistream educational settings
"3-E student Isogai breaks the school rules by working part-time to help support his family. When Gakushu and rest of the Big Four students find out, they use his secret as leverage to force 3-E to participate in a bizarre sports-day competition. Soon it's time for the school's midterm competition as well, but when some 3-E students accidentally injure the elderly owner of a day care/after-school program, Koro Sensei forbids them from studying and orders them to replace the old codger until he recovers. Assassination is one thing, but...babysitting little kids?! And then our friends rescue a cat."--Page [4] of cover.
Say I love you. 7
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 03
Assassination classroom. 1, Time for assassination
When students choose content : a guide to increasing motivation, autonomy, and achievement
The winter boy
Mr. Harrison is embarrassin!
Aidan Abet, teacher's pet
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
Working with emotions : responding to the challenge of difficult pupil behaviour in schools
Development of culture shock among exchange students
Princess in training
This volume considers the future of science learning - what is being learned and how it is being learned - in formal and informal contexts for science education. To do this, the book explores major contemporary shifts in the forms of science that could or should be learned in the next 20 years, what forms of learning of that science should occur, and how that learning happens, including from the perspective of learners. In particular, this volume addresses shifts in the forms of science that are researched and taught post-school - emerging sciences, new sciences that are new integrations, "futures science", and increases in the complexity and multidisciplinarity of science, including a multidisciplinarity that embraces ways of knowing beyond science. A central aspect of this in terms of the future of learning science is the urgent need to engage students, including their non-cognitive, affective dimensions, both for an educated citizenry and for a productive response to the ubiquitous concerns about future demand for science-based professionals. Another central issue is the actual impact of ICT on science learning and teaching, including shifts in how students use mobile technology to learn science.
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
Differences in children's school success and family backgrounds : a comparative case study of pupils' performance in entrance examination in Ibadan, Nigeria
Assassination Classroom. 13. Time for a little career counseling
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
This secret we're keeping
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
Say I love you. 10
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 08
Assassination Classroom. 3, Time for a transfer student
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
Ylioppilaslehti and the university's language struggle in the 1920s and 1930s
Student exchange experiences benefit teachers-to-be
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
Rethinking classroom participation : listening to silent voices
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Teacher diagnosis of educational difficulties
Cultural identity : a case study of the seventh and eighth graders in an international school
Handbook of motivation at school
Winners or losers? - a ten-year follow-up of twenty-three former students from special classes for the maladjusted in Finland
Serbian students' attitudes towards mathematics and mathematical education : Tempus Attitude Survey (TAS) 2013-2014 report
Elementary education students' advancement during mathematics education course and their memories of mathematics in family context
An autobiographical narrative about my teaching experiences and priorities: Visualizing Bangladeshi and Finnish experiences
Teachers' perceptions of student engagement and teacher self-efficacy beliefs
Children's bodies in schools : corporeal performances of social class
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 07
Dialogue and the development of children's thinking : a sociocultural approach
Managing difficult children in school
The Future in Learning Science 2015 : what's in it for the learner
International tutor's handbook
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
Assassination Classroom. 4, Time to face the unbelievable
Say I love you. 15
Assessing foreign language listening comprehension by means of the multiple-choice format : processes and products
Creating positive environment through interaction in Finnish EFL and CLIL classrooms
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earthunless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? What does your pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat Teach's alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! The students of 3-E turn a surplus of eggs to good use in pursuit of their usual goal. Karasuma teaches them the art of parkour while Koro Sensei teaches them the game of cops and robbers. Then, someone is stealing lingerie, and naturally Koro Sensei is the prime suspect! But is he being framed & and if so, by whom? Lastly, biologically modified Itona discovers that sometimes tentacles can be a burden rather than a gift. He puts everything he has got into his latest assassination attempt on Koro Sensei. But who will save Itona from himself?!
Diverse yet similar : English teachers' conceptions of multicultural teaching and pupils of multicultural background
My teacher is a monster! : (no, I am not)
Pupils' arithmetical ability: differences due to the teacher : a methodological approach
Assassination Classroom. 7, On island time
As teachers around the world deal with the challenges of inclusive education, they must endeavour to find effective ways of enhancing their classroom teaching methods. What Really Works in Special and Inclusive Education presents special educational needs teachers with a range of evidence-based strategies they can immediately put into practice in their classrooms. This unique book will be invaluable to any teacher in the field with neither the time nor the inclination to engage with theory-heavy research, but with a desire to ensure that their teaching strategies are up-to-the-minute and proven to be the most effective best practices. Each of the 26 strategies that this book comprises has a substantial research base, a strong theoretical rationale and clear guidelines on their implementation, as well as cautionary advice where necessary. In this new second edition, David Mitchell, a leading writer in special and inclusive education, continues to break new ground with revised and updated strategies based on evidence from the most recent studies in the field. From the myriad of related research available, only those studies with genuine potential for improving the practices of teachers and schools have been included, with the aim of facilitating practitioners in providing high-quality learning and social outcomes for all. Updates to this new edition include: An even wider international focus, including evidence drawn from the Far East New chapters on Response to Intervention, School-wide strategies, and the Finnish Education System A new companion website, with extra case studies and links to further reading, journal articles and video For anyone with a vocational or academic interest in evidence-based special educational needs teaching strategies – whether student or qualified classroom teacher, teacher trainer, educational psychologist, special needs coordinator, consultant or researcher – this book will be essential reading.
Say I love you. 4
The limit
Flying lessons
The skillful teacher : on technique, trust, and responsiveness in the classroom
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Design of a virtual learning environment for students with special needs
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
IB upper secondary school and national upper secondary school students' attitudes towards English oral skills : a comparative study
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
Say I love you. 2
Assassination classroom. 11, Time for sports day
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Spelling trouble
Investigations into the instructional process. 9, Pupil's goal-related behavior during the instructional interaction
Educational evaluation : alternative approaches and practical guidelines
Including learners with low-incidence disabilities
Assassination classroom. 2, Time for grown-ups
Humor in the classroom
Mike at Wrykyn
Finns like someone else to take the first step
Tasks that suit the learning of L2 English vocabulary in the Finnish middle school : teachers' and students' perspectives
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Children's achievement behaviors in relation to their skill development and temperament
Blue bottle mystery : an Asperger mystery
Dealing with differences : taking action on class, race, gender, and disability
Assassination Classroom. 8, Time for an opportunity
The linguistic, cultural and general adaptation of Finnish elementary school students in an American International School in Central Europe
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 01
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Dr. Nicholas is ridiculous!
Say I love you. 11
Say I love you. 14
Music and learner autonomy in the EFL classroom
Culture and perceptions of power in teacher-student communication
Outgoing study exchanges in French and Spanish business schools
Creating an inclusive school
Big school, small school : high school size and student behavior
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first! Mr Karasuma gives the 3-E students super-powered uniforms... with great results. What feats can they perform in their snazzy new outfits? Then Mr Karasuma gives Ms Vitch a bouquet for her birthday ... with disastrous results. Next, a 3-E teacher is kidnapped by master assassin the Grim Reaper, who threatens to kill his hostage if the students tell anyone. Their rescue attempt goes horribly awry, and soon they are the ones in need of rescuing! But at what cost to the world?
"Teachers teach so well that it's nice to learn" : a case-study on the role of teacher-to-student feedback in attitude-formation on L2 elementary English lessons
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Pupils' arithmetical ability: Differences due to the teacher : a methodological approach
Bridging the Divide : understanding interactions between international and home students in U.S. secondary schools
This Volume focuses on inclusive education for the less than 1 % of school-age population who have been diagnosed with Low-Incidence Disabilities and continue to be marginalized in many ways. This unique contribution provides a wide-range of perspectives on what works to facilitate inclusion in a variety of contexts. In many countries teachers are being asked to ensure that all of their students achieve, regardless of background or disability leaving many grappling with how to facilitate inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities. The first section of this text presents strategies and supports for inclusion. It offers the reader examples of good practices that practitioners can employ to improve teaching and learning in their school or classroom for these students and their families. The second section offers a range of international perspectives that illuminate the work being done related to inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities within those contexts. This important book highlights the need to include learners with low-incidence disabilities and provides information related to supports and services to achieve that goal across a variety of contexts.
International handbook of research on teachers and teaching
"You can't get an A by just being positive" : factors behind English teachers' student assessment practices in Finland
Kanagawa is a strategic and poetic card game in which you must paint the most beautiful print. Improve your studio to immortalise the most beautiful subjects through the seasons and become the most prestigious student of the painter Hokusai.
Say I love you. 1
Overview of the esteem builders' complete program
GTO. Vol. 13 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
On the literacy of Finnish immigrant pupils in Sweden
The students in Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High have a new teacher: an alien octopus with bizarre powers and unlimited strength, who's just destroyed the moon and is threatening to destroy the earth--unless they can kill him first!
I'd love to be able to say it was perfect : discourses used by Finnish, British, and American exchange students in describing their experience
Individual, family and teacher level correlates of behavioral and cognitive school engagement
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 06
The woman upstairs : a novel
Teachers' emotions related to students : a critical review
What teachers make : in praise of the greatest job in the world
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
Say I love you. 3
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Technological education as a socio-educational factor in the creativity of 5th-6th formers : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, education science (07S) = Technologinis ugdymas kaip 5-6 klasių mokinių kūrybingumo socioedukacinis veiksnys : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
Educational assessment of students
Teacher Language and Student Learning enables teachers to observe their actions and ask, "Do I know how children perceive my behaviors?" It also helps them to understand reasons for children's responses to their words and actions. Teachers' behaviors are categorized in vignettes, and readers determine where they fit and what changes ought to be made for their teaching practices to be more effective.
Transitions in school life : teachers' experiences of pupil's middle-of-the-school-year transitions
Demotivation in learning English among immigrant pupils in the ninth grade of comprehensive school
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
Assassination Classroom. 5, Time to show off a hidden talent
Inclusionary practices in a Finnish pre-primary school context
The effect of instructions on writing an argumentative text : a study on upper secondary school students' written performance in English
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Abstract in english.
Self-assessment : the experiences with and opinions on self-assessment among students and their teachers
One student. One teacher. A controversial story that breaks all the rules. Jess Hart has never forgotten Matthew Langley. He was her first love when she was fifteen -- but he was 10 years older and her maths teacher at school. It ended in scandal, with his arrest and imprisonment. Now 17 years later, a 42-year-old Matthew arrives back in Norfolk with a new identity, a long-term girlfriend and young daughter who know nothing of his past. Yet when he runs into Jess, long-suppressed memories of their love affair begin to be rekindled. But with so many secrets between them, will they ever be able to escape the damage they caused before?
Oral competence in upper secondary school teaching : teachers and students' views
Abstract: Culrure shock: Development of cultural shock among exchange students.
In this second edition of the book that has become a classic in the field, award winning author Stephen D. Brookfield offers inspiration and down to earth advice to new and seasoned teachers. "The Skillful Teacher" is a comprehensive guide that shows how to thrive on the unpredictability and diversity of classroom life and includes insights developed from the hundreds of workshops conducted by the author. This new edition also reflects the many changes that have come about in the decade since the book was first published and includes new chapters that deal with emerging topics such as classroom diversity and teaching in online learning environments.
The process of creating and implementing a tutor’s guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Student Union HELGA
Pages for you
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 05
"Onneks musiikki on keksitty" : a case study on the role of music in the special needs English language classroom
The unfinished Angel
"I could give up many things but not that" : teachers' and pupils' experiences of using the European Language Portfolio in assessment
How to resolve students' behaviour problems through teaching : an experiment in a Swedish secondary school
Images of Britain : a case study of Finnish secondary school pupils
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Evaluating elementary school pupils
Countdown 7 days. Vol. 1
Students' mathematical beliefs of four countries in comparison
Different student-strategies for interactional power in the IRF pattern in an EFL classroom
The things we do for love
Assassination classroom. 12. Time for the grim reaper
Nagisa risks it all in an attempt to take down the mastermind behind the biological attack on his classmates. After the dust settles, Koro Sensei gives his all to ignite summer romance between his students. Turns out their English teacher Ms. Jelavitch has her sights on someone...and everyone wants to help her get her target--er, the man of her dreams. Then, back at school, one of the students defects from the 3-E ranks for all the wrong reasons. How will they win him back before he inflicts irrevocable damage on them all?
The thrilling debut from comedy writer and stand up star, Will Smith - a novel about loneliness, about not belonging and about the corroding effects of keeping secrets. 'John le Carre meets 'Middlemarch' Independent Jersey 1987, and the storm clouds are gathering over Colin Bygate, a Mainlander married to an Islander. When he first arrived, he fell for the Island's heathered headlands and golden coves, its winding lanes and sweeping tides, its background hum of Frenchness. But now he strikes a dissonant note. Sitting on an outcrop stewing after a row with his wife, schoolteacher Colin spots one of his pupils near the edge of a cliff. Worried that the boy may have intended to jump, he drives him home, hoping that his gloomy imagination was playing tricks. But when the boy fails to turn up to school the next day, Colin feels duty-bound to track him down, pitting him against the Island establishment who would rather there was a little less noise around this particular absence. A web of characters is spun around this mystery, each with his or her own secrets. In Jersey, where everyone knows everyone else's business, you must become your own island.
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
GTO. Vol. 11 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Monster High : new ghoul in school : Xbox 360
What really works in special and inclusive education : using evidence-based teaching strategies
Students' perceptions about the use of oral feedback in EFL classrooms
Gardening for children with autism spectrum disorders and special educational needs : engaging with nature to combat anxiety, promote sensory integration and build social skills
Boarding schools as means to educate children from remote districts in Finland  : a micro-historical study of the role of the student hall of residence in Sodankylä, 1943-1972
At the end of the day : lessons learned in inclusive education
Finland alumni news
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Special needs : ADHD and communication difficulties
Say I love you. 16
Mr Trim and Miss Jumble
The amber fury
Assassination classroom. 9, A shocking time
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 09
Not goats ... children! : tactical tips from a teacher
Student aggression : prevention, management and replacement training
Monster High : new ghoul in school : Wii U
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
Gender in the EFL classroom : differences in the teacher's reactions to boys' and girls' responses
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block II: The process and schooling. Unit 11, The pupil's experience
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
The emotions of foreign language teachers in relation to students
The effects of short-term sojourn experiences on adolescents : five narratives of adolescent Finnish students in a comenius project: EU & I
Visiting the Green Island
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 02
GTO, great teacher Onizuka : 14 days in Shonan. 04
Silence and Resistance as Experiences and Presentations of Pupil Agency in Finnish Elementary School English Lessons
Effective teaching and learning : teachers' and students' perspectives
Say I love you. 8
Invisible women : the schooling scandal
GTO. Vol. 12 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
This book provides a wide-ranging and in-depth theoretical perspective on dialogue in teaching. It explores the philosophy of dialogism as a social theory of language and explains its importance in teaching and learning. Departing from the more traditional teacher-led mode of teacher-student communication, the dialogic approach is more egalitarian and focuses on the discourse exchange between the parties. Authors explore connections between dialogic pedagogy and sociocultural learning theory, and argue that dialogic interaction between teacher and learners is vital if instruction is to lead to cognitive development. The book also presents prosody as a critical resource for understanding between teachers and students, and includes some of the first empirical studies of speech prosody in classroom discourse.
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
International nursing students' experiences in their education
The role of the pupil
Dialogic pedagogy : the importance of dialogue in teaching and learning
Understanding idioms : a comparison of Finnish third grade students of national senior secondary school and IB Diploma Programme
Learning the routines - "professionalization" of newcomers in secondary school
Say I love you. 12
The International Handbook of Research on Teachers and Teaching" provides a fresh look at the ever changing nature of the teaching profession throughout the world. This collection of over 70 original articles addresses a wide range of issues that are relevant for understanding the present educational climate in which the accountability of teachers and the standardized testing of students have become dominant. The international collection of authors brings to the handbook a breadth of knowledge and experience about the teaching profession, and a wealth of material across a number of comparative dimensions, such as between developed and developing countries, and Eastern and Western cultures. In addition, many articles address the emerging challenges to education and to the lives of teachers which are brought about by the globalization trends of the 21st Century. The handbook is divided into two volumes, and focuses on the following general topic areas: Theory and Research on Teachers; Becoming a Teacher; Characteristics of Teachers; Teacher Behaviors; Teacher Life Cycles; Theories of Teaching and Learning Teaching in Classrooms; Teaching Specific Student Populations; The Teaching of Individual Subjects; Great Debates about Teachers; and, Teaching. The handbook is written for students and researchers in the fields of education, the social sciences and the behavioral sciences. In addition, it is a valuable resource for policy-makers who want knowledge and insights based on the latest research findings. Many author recommendations are relevant for the development of educational reform policies in both developed and developing societies.
How CLIL-classroom students see themselves as learners of English
Say I love you. 6
The last task
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Assassination classroom. 10, Time for robbery
Becoming a pupil
Policies for diversity in education
Providers of education and educational institutions
Words matter : teacher language and student learning
Guidance in the classroom
Neon genesis evangelion : Campus apocalypse [volume 2]
Say I love you. 13
Working with Hannah : a special girl in a mainstream school
Students with specific language impairment in English education : English and special education teachers' perceptions
Say I love you. 5
Language Transfer in the Written English of Finnish Students
