http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8133 tourist destinations
tourist destinations
Arboretum Park in  Tampere : Two leisure time products for companies
Southern europe : France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Croatia, Greece, Istanbul
Architectural tourism : building for urban travel destinations
New York
Secret journeys of a lifetime : 500 of the world's best hidden travel gems
Usually, a country brand is notŁfocused, resulting in unsuccessful place branding. It isŁpossible to successfully raise your national identity to the level of anŁattractive brand. Building a country brand is an investment, with strong positive returns. This book will guide you along the path to building aŁsuccessful brand.
Finland : travel with insider tips
Supply chain in tourism destinations : the case of Levi Resort in Finnish Lapland
Collision or collaboration : archaeology encounters economic development
Atlas obscura : an explorer's guide to the world's hidden wonders
Tourism marketing in Masai Mara National Reserve
Finlandia : illustrerade reseboken = kuvallinen matkakirja = das illustrierte Reisebuch = the illustrated trevelling-book = illjustrirovannyj putevoditelj. 1906-1907
The 50 greatest wonders of the world
Destination image of Estonia among Finns
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
Northern europe : Russia, Prague, Salzburg, Copenhagen, Norway, Amsterdam, Belgium, London and Paris
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
Marketing campaign for attracting US American travelers to Finland
Europa : [a guide to the places you must see in your lifetime]
Europe's greatest places  : the most amazing travel destinations in Europe
Since the early times of travelling architecture does constitute an important force of attraction and a vital element in marketing. Until today destinations try to increase their market positions by means of the development and restoration of the built environment. However, architecture is characterised by an enduring presence with impacts on visitors and residents alike. Hence, on a sustainable basis it needs to chime with place and situation. Where modesty might be suitable for one destination, spectacular architecture could be a transformation catalyst or unique selling proposition for another. Destination developers have to be aware of the local requirements as well as the reciprocal relationship between the modern practice of tourism and the built environment. To address the complexity of architectural tourism, throughout the book this topic is subject of a controversial discussion and approached with a contextual and interdisciplinary view.
West Africa
TRAVEL & HOLIDAY GUIDES. Across London there are over 900 blue plaques celebrating a diverse, curious collection of Londoners through history. Yet until now most people only ever stumble on these plaques, seeing the buildings but knowing little of the stories behind them. This first ever handy guide reveals layers of history and personality behind the busy streets of London. Inside are insights into the figures themselves, as well as details of the buildings and areas which have harboured creative masterpieces, new discoveries and history-making events that have made London such a dynamic city.
Spain : journeys through the land of the builders
Helsinki : impressions of the city
Venice & the Veneto
Tourism SMEs, service quality, and destination competitiveness
Thailand
Britain : the official magazine : e-lehti
Dive : the world's best diving destinations
Nova Scotia, New Brunswick & Prince Edward Island
Albania : the Bradt travel guide
Where the locals go : more than 300 places around the world to eat, play, shop, celebrate, and relax
Norway
Features of Slow Philosophy in Kajaani: Slow Tourism as a Tool in Destination Development in the Land of Hunger
The travel book : a journey through every country in the world
Discover Barcelona : experience the best of Barcelona
Lonely Planet's where to go when : the ultimate trip planner for every month of the year
1000 places to see before you die
Lonely Planet's best in travel. 2010 : the best trends, destinations, journeys & experiences for the upcoming year
Global strategies for destination management organisations : focus on country brand experience management
Destinations of a lifetime : 225 of the world's most amazing places
Milan & the lakes
Practice of Internet Marketing in Destination Branding
Fifty places to ski and snowboard before you die : downhill experts share the world's greatest destinations
Appletons' general guide to the United States and Canada : with railway maps, plans of cities, and illustrations
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Dream routes USA, Canada
Destination marketing and management : theories and applications
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
A value co-creation perspective on Customer-Based Brand Equity model for tourism destinations : a case from Sweden
New York encounter
The 500 hidden secrets of Havana
Split
Cycling the Golden Circle, Alaska
Marketing destinations and venues for conferences, conventions and business events
Israel & the Palestinian Territories
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security : the role of social media
Barents tour for geotourists = Geomatkailijan Barentsin kierros = Barenc tur dlâ geoturistov = Rundtur i Barents for geoturisten
Accessibility of the Lake Tuusulanjärvi's culture destinations
Social Impacts of Tourism Development on Hainan Island
"What are the 5 best places for cocktails and tapas in Havana? What are the 5 best shops for cigars and rum? And where are the 5 best places to take souvenir photos? The 500 Hidden Secrets of Havana reveals these good-to-know addresses and many more. It’s an affectionate guide to the city, written by Magalie Raman, who knows the city intimately. She has selected places and details that few people know, like a paladar with traditional Cuban food on the menu and lots of locally created artworks on the walls, the studio of a talented photographer where you can buy iconic images of Havana in the fifties, or a library that’s housed in an art deco building with a central patio full of lush greenery. This is a book for visitors who want to avoid the usual tourist spots and for residents who are keen to track down the city’s best-kept secrets. Magalie Raman has been travelling to Cuba back and forth for the past ten years, to visit her family there. She’s always looking for new hidden secrets in the country she’s gotten to know so well. Photographer Roel Hendrickx has fallen in love with Havana through his lens, and managed to capture the city’s authenticity perfectly." --Publisher description.
Backpacking Tourism in Tampere
The 500 hidden secrets of Berlin
Hyping the destination image through the rich and (in) famous : the boundaries of name dropping
Collaborative destination marketing : Case: Naantali
Frommer's 500 places to see before they disappear
Sport tourism development
Africa
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Coopetition, resource-based view and legend : cases of christmas tourism and city of Rovaniemi
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas : tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
Product Development in Dark Tourism : Case: Topography of Terror (Berlin, Germany)
Tourism Marketing in Masai Mara National Reserve
Pink tourism : holidays of gay men and lesbians
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
What makes a destination a destination : case study Cameroon
Perth & West Coast Australia
100 countries, 5000 ideas : where to go, when to go, what to see, what to do
Don't go there! : the travel detective's essential guide to the must-miss places of the world
Wonderful Languedoc-Roussillon
Syracuse, city of legends : a glory of Sicily
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
The 100 best worldwide vacations to enrich your life
HOW TO MARKET FINNISH HOLIDAY RESORTS TO TOURISTS FROM AUSTRALASIA
Destination image and brand element familiarity among foreign tourists
The island : Ireland from the air
Lonely Planet's best in travel 2012 : the best trends, destinations, journeys & experiences for the upcoming year
Greece
Lonely planet's best in travel 2017 : The best trends, destinations, journeys and experiences for the year ahead
Chile and Easter Island
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
The Finland Marco Polo Guide is packed with unique Insider Tips. Straightforward information is presented in an engaging format which covers everything you need to know. Includes a street atlas and a separate pull-out map / WorldCat.
Wellbeing tourism in Finland : a wide perspective
Marketing Cameroon as a Cultural Tourism Destination to Finnish Tourists
On a quest for authenticity to an imaginary place : a narrative analysis of the experiences of British literary tourists
Lonely Planet's best in travel 2016
World's best tropical dive destinations
Visualizing the Tourism Experience : Case: The Effect of Photographic Images in the View of Spanish Eyes
The English Heritage guide to London's blue plaques : the lives and homes of London most interesting inhabitants
Tourism and global environment changce : ecological, social, economic and political interrelationships
Analysing and developing corporate social responsibility in Merlin Entertainments Group and the Sea Life aquariums
Greece : journeys to the Gods
Bishkek and suburbs : guide book
The latest in the bestselling 500 Hidden Secrets series. Each year sees Berlin attract more visitors than the last over 30 million tourists will take a trip to Berlin this year The 500 Hidden Secrets of Berlin is the perfect book for those who wish to discover the city, but avoid all the usual tourist haunts, as well as for residents who are keen to track down the city's best-kept secrets.
DK Eyewitness Travel Guide Tokyo
Dream destinations of the world
Examining international tourists' satisfaction with Hanoi tourism
Discover Great Britain
PROBLEMS FACED BY A NEW DESTINATION WHEN TRYING TO ESTABLISH POSITION WITHIN TOURISM MARKETS  : Case: Destination Uganda
Perception of the Arctic as Tourism Destination and Perspectives of its Utilization by Tourism Industry in Finnish Lapland
Where to go when : the world's best destinations
Tourism and national identities : an international perspective
Hämeenpuisto as a tourism destination : operational development
Amazing Places to Take Your Kids : hundreds of North American adventures
The effect of film on destination image and tourists' destination selection
Film-induced Tourism in Finland : Its Current State and Opportunities
Archaeology has an often contentious relationship with the consequences of economic development. Tourism, urban development and natural resource exploitation have generated adverse impact on the archaeological record, indigenous cultures and local communities worldwide. Over the decades, international conventions, national laws and corporate ventures have sought to address the problems, but too often they have fallen short and immense challenges remain. Looking ahead, the contributions to this volume constitute a global conversation on the most salient issue facing archaeology as it interacts with economic development: Is collision with development still the best course? Or, is a more effective strategy to pursue collaborative relationships with the forces of economic and social change?
The great cities of Europe with travel expert Doug Jones
Dream destinations : the world's most unforgettable places
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Greece : Athens & the Mainland
HOW TO DEVELOP A GLOBAL SERVICE CONCEPT AND ADAPT IT TO LOCAL MARKET?  : Case ICIUM Wonderworld of Ice
International branding strategies for Finnish cultural destinations
East African Tourism Opportunities for the Finnish Market: Development of Joint Marketing Strategy for the Nordic Travel Fair 2013.
Fantasy worlds
Britain & Ireland's best wild places  : 500 ways to discover the wild
The unofficial guide to California with kids
Resorts and regional development at the local level : cores in a periphery
Taste of Australia : matkaehdotuksia, ravintolasuosituksia, reseptejä
The article is based on the paper presented at TTRA European Chapter 2008 Conference "Competition in Tourism: Business & Destination Perspectives".
Italy : history and landscape
Paris encounter
Pilgrims in Rome : the official Vatican guide for the jubilee year 2000
Destination Image : Marketing of Finland
Helsinki’s Image as a Tourism Destination in St Petersburg
Destination countries' risk image as perceived by Finnish travellers
Canary Islands
Testing a model of destination attachment : insights from tourism in Tanzania
Website Design for Abja Rural Tourism Destination
Interpretive planning : the 5-M model for successful planning projects
