http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p814 bicameral system
bicameral system
The Oxford handbook of legislative studies
Ode to Napoleon Buonaparte op. 41 (1942) for string quartet, piano and reciter
The mace and the gavel : symbols of government in America
The American state constitutional tradition
Government and parliament : a survey from the inside
Parliament in perspective : a background book
Veto players : how political institutions work
Erskine May's treatise on the law, privileges, proceedings and usage of Parliament
Growing democracy in Japan : the parliamentary cabinet system since 1868
The Westminster Parliament is worth closer scrutiny not just for the sake of democracy, but on intellectual grounds because the surprises it contains challenge our understanding of politics. Based on anthropological fieldwork between 1998-2000 in the House of Lords and 2011-2013 in the House of Commons and constituencies, this Curiosity explains how relationships within the two Houses are utterly different from their surface appearances. The high social status of peers in the House of Lords gives the impression of hierarchy and, more specifically, patriarchy. In contrast, the Commons conjures assumptions of equality and fairness between members of the lower House. But observation of the everyday relationships within the two Houses reveals the opposite: while the Lords has an egalitarian and co-operative ethos, and women thrive in the upper House, the competitive and aggressive Commons is a far less comfortable place for women. Paradoxically MPs have to be both an individual, serving their constituents, and a symbol of a collective, their political party. The inevitable messiness of representative politics, and the disappointment it brings, are both the virtue and weakness of parliamentary democracy. Emma Crewe looks beneath the surface and uncovers its surprises and secrets.
The dynamics of federalism in Russia : a study of formal and informal power resources of the regional chief executives in Russian centre-region relations
Commons and lords : a short anthropology of Parliament
Legislatures are political bodies essential to democracy and the rule of law. They present social scientists with numerous intriguing puzzles, with far-reaching implications for our understanding of political institutions. Why, and how, have these ancient assemblies, established in pre-democratic times, survived the transition ...
The major political issues of the Jacksonian period and the development of party loyalty in Congress, 1830-1840
Griffith & Ryle on Parliament : functions, practices and procedures
