http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8147 trees
trees
Familiar trees in Sri Lanka
North American trees
The natural history of the oak tree
Using die-cut pages the story explores the shapes and colors of an apple tree through the passing of the seasons.
The complete encyclopedia of trees of the world : the ultimate reference and identification guide to more than 1300 of the most spectacular, best-loved and unusual trees around the globe, with 3000 specially commissioned illustrations, maps and photographs
Prosopis, an alien among the sacred trees of South India
From a tree to a stand in Finnish boreal forests : biomass estimation and comparison of methods
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Workshop on Sap Flow : Volterra, Italy May 8-12, 2011
Field guide to the trees and shrubs of Britain
Trees : Leaves, Bark and Fruit
Principles of horticulture
Create your own bonsai : 50 step-by-step projects shown in over 400 photographs
Carving out a future : forests, livelihoods and the international woodcarving trade
Atlas of United States trees. Vol. 5, Florida
Moisture measuring of building materials
Pop bonsai : fun with arranging small trees and plants
Trees and shrubs cultivated in Ireland
Gardening : philosophy for everyone : cultivating wisdom
The cultivation of New Zealand trees and shrubs
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
The availability of appropriate propagation techniques is a major constraint to the domestication of the forest trees widely used by rural communities; such as Garcinia kola (Heckel). This study tested the ability of root and stem cuttings to regenerate vegetatively when treated with indole-3-butyric acid (IBA), and set in non-mist poly-propagator within a shaded nursery. It found that G. kola is amenable to propagation by softwood stem cuttings. Attention was given to the effect of cutting age (softwood, semi hardwood) and IBA application with regard to the sprouting and rooting efficiency. Bud and leaf emergence time were also investigated, as was the coppicing ability of the stump. Results revealed that roots and branches from mature forest trees did not sprout under any culture conditions. The highest percentages of rooting (70-85%) were obtained with softwood cuttings set in non-mist poly-propagator, regardless of hormonal treatment. The mean numbers of buds (2.9 ± 0.4) and roots (2.6 ± 0.1) produced by softwood cuttings was significantly greater than those obtained in the Control. The best average emergence time of buds (25.1 days ± 9.3) and leaves (36.8days ± 8.4) was obtained with cuttings treated with IBA and set in non-mist poly-propagator against, 54.4 ± 12.5 and 72.6 ± 3.4 days respectively for the Control. In general, non-mist poly-propagator gave the best propagation results. When coppiced, the shoots emerging from stumps with one node were the most vigorous..
Tree houses :  fairy-tale castles in the air / Philip Jodidio ;  illustrations by Patrick Hruby. [German translation Kristina Brigitta Köper, French translation: Jacques Bosser]
The Usborne complete first book of nature
What wood is that? : a manual of wood identification : with 40 actual wood samples and 79 illustrations in the text
The Land of Do-As-You-Please : a Faraway Tree adventure
Visakoivu = Curly birch
Technology of Furniture Production
Painting watercolour trees : the easy way
Abstracts of the papers presented at the meeting of IUFRO section 22 working group on sexual reproduction of forest trees at Varparanta, Finland, 1970.
The giving tree
Trees and shrubs of Newfoundland and Labrador : field guide
Chas and his rock 'n' roll allotment
Flowering trees
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Estimating single-tree attributes by airborne laser scanning : methods based on computational geometry of the 3-D point data
Comparison of outsourced operations in wood procurement in Finland and Slovakia
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Modelling biomass of young and dense Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated mixed forests in northern Sweden
Native trees of Canada
Role of wood-based products in absorbing atmospheric carbon
The great paper caper
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Extant populations growing in regions that were refugia during the last glacial period are expected to show higher genetic diversity than populations that moved from these refugia into new areas in higher latitudes. Such new populations likely faced harsher climatic conditions, being established with reduced population size and experiencing the effects of genetic bottlenecks. In this study we employed data from nuclear SSR markers for detecting molecular signatures of genetic bottlenecks, and germination experiments to evaluate reduction of populations' fitness in natural populations of Luehea divaricata Mart. et Zucc., growing in the southern range of the species distribution (around 30°S latitude). Signatures of genetic bottlenecks and reduction of populations' fitness were observed in all populations. Lower levels of observed heterozygosity are correlated with populations' fitness, decreasing germination capacity and increasing the proportion of anomalous germinated plantlets. Promoting the connection among populations is proposed as a key strategy towards conservation of L. divaricata genetic resources in its southernmost distribution range. The offspring from crosses among populations would significantly increase the observed heterozygosity and fitness of multiple populations.
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
A comparative study of urban green area planning
Trees of the world
Fillery's End-Users in Egypt
Cây tre = bamboo
Dynamic variations in bark hydraulics : understanding whole tree processes and its linkage to bark hydraulic function and structure
Children of the jacaranda tree
Natural development of stand structure in peatland Scots pine following drainage : results based on long-term monitoring of permanent sample plots
Dormancy development in trees
The fancy dress forest
The illustrated guide to trees : a visual guide more than 250 species
Improving the properties of solid scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) wood by using modification technology and agents
Treehouse living : 50 innovative designs
Trees of Britain and Europe : photographic field guide
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Tree species classification with multiple source remote sensing data
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Tree
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
The strong little tree
Indoor bonsai for beginners : selection, care, training
A field guide to trees and shrubs : field marks of all trees, shrubs, and woody vines that grow wild in the northeastern and north-central United States and in southeastern and south-central Canada
EUROSILVA contribution to forest tree physiology : Dourdan (France), November 7-10, 1994
Improving the fire retardancy of extruded/coextruded wood-plastic composites
The Land of Goodies : a Faraway Tree adventure
Field guide to trees and shrubs of Britain and Europe
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
Bonsai : a patient art : the Bonsai Collection of the Chicago Botanic Garden
Cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) is an economically important crop for Nicaragua. It represents a secure source of income for the farmers basically because of the high demand in the international market for the chocolate industry. In Nicaragua cocoa production is carried out on small scale farms and the most critical point in the production system is the low propagation rate obtained by asexual propagation methods. The present study aimed to evaluate cocoa propagation by somatic embryogenesis following the protocol developed at the Pennsylvania State University and to validate a reliable protocol for its conservation for long term. Induction of primary somatic embryos was carried out from petals and staminodes of unopened flower buds of the genotype Scavina-6 of two physiological ages. The best frequency on primary embryogenic callus growth was obtained by 1-2 week old petals. Secondary embryo development was done from cotyledons of primary somatic embryos of the clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169. It was determined after incubation of the embryos in four different periods in secondary callus growth (SCG) medium. The highest number of embryogenic explants was obtained for the clone PA 169 after 8 weeks in SCG medium and 6 weeks in embryo development (ED) medium whereas, the best embryo production ratio during the time in ED medium was scored by explants of LCTEEN 28/S-1 incubated twice in SCG medium. Long term conservation was evaluated by incubating immature embryos of both clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169 in liquid nitrogen. There was not registered survival of the embryos after the freezing treatment. However, most of the non-frozen embryos could survive and regenerate from the alginate capsules suggesting that the survival was not threatened by the sucrose concentrations used to dehydrate the embryos but most likely by the intracellular ice formation from the water content that remain in the cell after the dehydration peri
One wish
Wisdom of trees
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
The complete supergardener
The Collingridge handbook of bonsai
The sacred tree as an early Christian literary symbol : a phenomenological study. 1978.
Tree mortality and deadwood dynamics in late-successional boreal forests
Diagnosis of ill-health of trees
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
The complete book of the flower fairies
Trees of central Florida
Trees of Britain and Europe
The EU timber operators' perceptions of FLEGT Action Plan with focus on EUTR
The spectacular tree
Somatic embryogenesis and long term conservation of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) germplasm
The owl tree
Trees for small gardens
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
Biomass equations for birch in Finland
Stick man
"This title features clear, accessible, informative text from the subject's leading experts, with 800 artworks and photographs. It features stunning visual profiles of each tree that illustrate details of bark, branches, shoots, leaves, needles, buds, flowers, cones, nuts and fruits, as well as changes through the seasons. It includes over 600 examples, from beech, oak, larch, lime and hornbeam to exotic fruit trees such as mango and breadfruit. This wonderful encyclopedia explains what a tree is, how it lives, grows and dies, and how its constituent parts - the buds, branches, flowers, leaves, roots, cones, fruit and bark - all play their role in its life-cycle. An identifier section covers trees of the tropics and trees of the temperate world, and includes over 600 examples, from lofty conifers and stately deciduous broadleaf trees to elegant palms and exotic flowering trees." / WorldCat.
Conifers in the British Isles : a descriptive handbook
Stick Man ends up far away from his family tree when he is fetched by a dog, thrown by a child, used as a snowman's arm, and even put in a fireplace, but finally Santa Claus steps in to make sure that Stick Man and his family have a joyous Christmas.
A field guide to Australian trees
Climatic cycles and tree-growth
Regional markets for non-timber forest products in Eastern Brazilian Amazon
Global forest : 40 ways trees can save us
Measurement of the tree root growth using electrical impedance spectroscopy
Perspectives of competitive position and future revival of the Finnish sawmilling industry
Trees : contributions to modern tree physiology
Biodegradable substances in wood protection
A little guide to trees
A prediction model prototype for estimating optimal storage duration and sorting
The trees of Florida : a reference and field guide
Moisture Measuring of Building Materials
The future for veteran trees
The Usborne outdoor book
Volume two of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places provides detailed considerations of the scientific, managerial and technological concepts which underpin Environmental Horticulture. This discipline returns horticulture to its original values required for the design, husbandry and management of macro- and micro-landscapes and their constituent parts. Expert internationally acclaimed authors describe:- Horticulture and the Environment, Woody Ornamentals, Herbs and Pharmaceuticals, Urban Greening, Rural Trees, Urban Trees, Turfgrass Science, Interior and External Landscaping, Biodiversity, Climate Change and Organic Production. These subjects are united by considerations of the needs for the sustainable use of resources and careful conservation applied wherever Horticulture, natural flora and fauna, and the environment coincide. Horticulture plays a vital role in providing environmental care and supporting natural and man-made rural, urban and peri-urban landscapes.Indeed this discipline founded the basis for ecological studies, environmental science and the analysis and an increased understanding of eco-system services. This is illustrated by the current initiatives such as the development of green eco-towns and garden cities which require fundamental understandings of the controlled manipulation of plants based on the principles and practices of horticultural science for their success. Such concepts are rooted in Horticulture as illustrated by the use of plants throughout the histories of successive civilisations. These values have been vigorously applied for rejuvenating cities and communities which have been afflicted by declining economies, degraded environments, poor employment opportunities, and returning poverty. The presence of healthy plant communities provides significant economic gains in the form of environmental benefits, increased tourism, business and employment opportunities.Considerable cost-benefits are added, such as climatic amelioration, carbon sequestration, providing carbon credits and stormwater attenuation. Particular attention is given in this book to the threats posed by climate change and India is cited as a pertinent case study. Horticulture has much to offer by way of mitigation of the environmental devastation. Each of these topics is given detailed consideration by expert authors of this book.
Trees of Arizona field guide
Thermal modification of Sitka spruce
Individual tree measurements by means of digital aerial photogrammetry
Field guide to trees of Southern Africa
Papers of the Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research
Native trees of South Australia
Simon and Schuster's guide to trees
Remarkable trees of the world
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Development plan of a historical garden : Case study of Ámade- Bajzáth- Pappenheim Castle park in Iszkaszentgyörgy, Hungary
Analysis of China's primary wood products market : sawnwood and plywood
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
Pocet guide to trees and shrubs in British Columbia
The tree : a natural history of what trees are, how they live, and why they matter
Trees of Wisconsin field guide
Harvesting technology and the cost of fuel chips from early thinnings
The magic Faraway Tree
The illustrated book of trees : a visual guide to more than 250 species
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
Analysis of India's Plywood Market : Opportunities for foreign and Finnish companies
The illustrated encyclopedia of trees of the Americas
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 1, Production horticulture
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Effect of thinning on stem form and wood characteristics of teak (Tectona grandis) in a humid tropical site in Costa Rica
The Global Challenges of Harvesting and how the CTL method can respond to them
Analiz organičenij lesopol'zovaniâ ha osobo ohranâemyh prirodnyh territoriâh i v malonarušennyh lesah Respubliki Kareliâ = The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia
CSR in forest industry : case study of reporting and implementation of social responsibility in tree international companies
Trees : Pockets full of knowledge
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
Guidelines for tree seed crop forecasting
Volume one of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places describes how the array of plentiful, high quality fresh fruit, vegetables, and ornamentals supplied to retail consumers is achieved. This feat demands the intensive manipulation of plant growth, reproduction and postharvest husbandry across the globe. International Production Horticulture operates in a free market arena, delivering produce rapidly, safely and reliably for increasingly demanding and discerning consumers. Internationally acknowledge experts describe the science, management and technology which underpins the continuous production and distribution of horticultural produce. The first chapter describes how basic scientific discoveries are continuously applied forming new industries, novel products and influences social practices and behaviour.There follows chapters describing the production of:- Field Vegetables, Temperate Fruit, Tropical Fruit, Citrus, Plantation Crops, Berry Crops, Viticulture, Protected Crops, Flower Crops, Developing New Crops, Post-harvest Handling, Supply Chain Management, and the Environmental Impact of Production. Crop Production Horticulture supports the economic welfare of countries across the World. Its particular impact in Africa is highlighted in the final chapter of this book. Intensive plant production offers enormous economic and social benefits for coming generations particularly as urbanization accelerates. Production Horticulture is an international business centred on partnerships between science, technology, commerce and management. The discipline is based in the physical, chemical, and the biological sciences and integrates natural resources in partnership with others such as economics and engineering.Environmentally careful and sustainable husbandries now form the cornerstones of Production Horticulture. Considerable intellectual and scientific rigour and a strong command of practical business realities are demanded of those who work in this discipline. The contents of this valuable book provide a basis for acquiring these talents.
Optimization of VIGS and functional analysis of Gerbera hybrida TCP genes in Calendula officinalis
Native trees of Newfoundland and Labrador
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Collins flower guide
New Holland concise tree guide
The Complete Guide to trees of Britain and Northern Europe
The effect of light quality on tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L. cv ʻEfialtoʼ) growth and drought tolerance
Characteristics and time consumption of timber trucking in Finland
Comparison of near-infrared spectroscopy models utilized to predict lignocellulosic constituents in wood samples
Timber, its nature and behaviour
Meetings with remarkable trees
Spirit of the forest : tree tales from around the world
Exceptional treehouses
Summary.
Biomass and stem volume equations for tree species in Europe
Trees : their natural history
Developing laser scanning applications for mapping and monitoring single tree characteristics for the needs of urban forestry
Annie Glover is not a tree lover
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
A guide to the wayside trees of Singapore
Locational determinants and equity-based entry mode choice in the forest sector : the case of China
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
A field guide to eastern trees : Eastern United States and Canada
Trees : an Explore Your World handbook
Comparison of a whole tree bundler and a harwarder in small diameter energy wood procurement
Träd, skog, park = Puut, metsä, puisto = Trees, forest, park = Die Bäume in Wald und Park
Emerging bioenergy business at Finnish independent industrial sawmills
The knottles
Energy wood and pulpwood harvesting from young stands using a prototype whole-tree bundler
Tree houses : fairy-tale castles in the air
The land of magic medicines : a Faraway Tree adventure
The trees around us
Impact of elevated ultraviolet-B radiation on three northern deciduous woody plants
The book of topiary
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
Ancient trees : trees that live for 1000 years
Naturetrail book of the countryside
Sacred trees
Trees of North America : a field guide to the major native and introduced species north of Mexico
The man who plants trees
House held up by trees
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Physiology of woody plants
Save the tree!
Detection of protein-protein interactions in planta by BiFC and split luciferase assays
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
The watercolorist's guide to painting trees
The MacDonald encyclopedia of trees : a field guide to conifers, palms, broadleafs, fruits, flowering trees, and trees of economic importance
The new supergardener
The magic faraway tree
Apples and robins
Thermal bridge comparison : thermal benefits of CLT
Evidences of genetic bottleneck and fitness decline in Luehea divaricata populations from southern Brazil
Development of strength grading of timber using combined measurement techniques : report of the Combigrade-project - phase 2
Corporate responsibility reporting of the largest forest industry companies in North America
Pruning trees, shrubs and climbers, hedges, roses, flowers and topiary : a gardener's guide to cutting, trimming and training, with over 650 photographs and illustrations, and practical, easy-to-follow advice
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
The Botanics
Are trees alive?
Firefly encyclopedia of trees
Small-Scale Vertical Axis Wind Turbine Design
First-thinning harvesting alternatives for industrial or energy purposes based on regional Scots pine stand simulations in Finland
Predicting tree structure from tree height using terrestrial laser scanning and quantitative structure models
Propagation of Garcinia kola (Heckel) by stem and root cuttings
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
The land of birthdays : a Faraway Tree adventure
Planting and growing
A field guide to eastern trees : Eastern United States and Canada, including the Midwest
Utilization of modified wood shavings as growing media for selected horticultural crops
White beech : the rainforest years
The woody plants of Ohio
Drawing nature for the absolute beginner
Combining research into forest management stand conditions and wood supply chain processes has been missing from earlier forestry studies. There is a clear need to develop more cost-efficient small-diameter wood production, harvesting and transportation methods from first thinning, which could be used for either industrial or energy wood purposes. This study considers the total cost for small-diameter wood originating from young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated stands. Pine pulpwood is the most harvested and most used roundwood assortment, use of which is expected to rise following new pulp-mill investments in Finland. In addition, utilisation of small-diameter trees directly for energy purposes has been increasing steadily in recent years. The aim of the study was to determine the cost-reduction potential of alternative forest management options and supply chains for small diameter-wood in the regional case of South Savo in eastern Finland. The total costs of three distinct scenarios were studied on the basis of forest management, first-thinning harvesting methods, and transportation: 1) industrial wood, 2) delimbed energy wood, and 3) whole trees for energy purposes. The cost-reduction potential for energy-wood supply chains from first thinning was compared to the industrial supply chain. Small-diameter delimbed wood delivered straight for energy purposes was found to be the most cost-efficient as far as the total cost of the supply chain is concerned. More cost-efficient small-diameter wood processes can be found by linking forest stand simulations with supply chain analysis..
Estimating individual tree growth using non-parametric methods
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 2, Environmental horticulture
Illustrated guide to the trees of Peru
Principles and methods of tree-ring analysis
Trees of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Usborne Spotter's guide to nature
Spatial relationships among boreal riparian trees, litterfall and soil erosion potential with reference to buffer strip management and coldwater fisheries
Trees : an illustrated identifier and encyclopedia
