http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8155 road construction machines
road construction machines
WRC - FIA world rally championship. 2 : PlayStation 3
Need for speed : undercover : PlayStation 3
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Lean pre-production for independent game development
My fitness coach : dance workout : Wii
Learn Lua for iOS game development
Large-scale water simulation in games
Top spin. 4 : PlayStation 3
Game programming all in one
Scooby-Doo! : first frights : PlayStation 2
The ultimate video game quiz book
Game development with unity
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
Monetization in computer games
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Superstars V8 : next challenge : PC DVD-ROM
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
F.E.A.R. [3] : PlayStation 3
The almost well done game project : case atudy of the anti-patterns in the development process of Urban Empire
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Soittopeli : PlaySingMusic
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Monkey Island : special edition collection : PC DVD-ROM
Tiivistelmä: From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment
English elements in the spoken discourse of Finnish teenagers playing an English video game
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
Rayman raving rabbids : Wii
The lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
F.E.A.R. [3] : Xbox 360, Xbox live
The settlers II : 10th anniversary [edition]
Learn Unity for 2D game development
Top spin. 4 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Beginning DirectX 11 Game Programming
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
From sprites to models : graphic technologies for independent game developers : case: Opioid Interactive
NBA 2K11 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Need for speed : rivals : PlayStation 3
From Vision to Reality : Making of a 3D Environment
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Beginning 3D game development with unity 4
Players Unleashed! Modding The Sims and the Culture of Gaming
Band hero : PlayStation 3
Virtual worlds & social interaction design
Monetization of computer games
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : PC DVD-ROM
Surgery simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment
Environmentally sound road construction in mountainous terrain : applying advanced operating methods and tools
Stress monitoring via wearable electrodermal sensors
The art of computer game design
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
Evaluations of an experiental gaming model
Tripleplay plus! Japanese
Integrating 3d into the 2d game character work flow
Serious games as catalyst for intercultural literacy development? : a case study of Immigropoly
WRC - FIA world rally championship. 3 : PlayStation 3
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
MotoGP 10/11 : PlayStation 3
Need for speed : rivals : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
The Pagemaster
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Need for speed : most wanted : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Band hero : Wii
XNA 3.0 game programming recipes : a problem-solution approach
The settlers. 7 : Paths to a kingdom : PC DVD-ROM
Colin McRae rally 2.0
Game party champions : Wii U
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Lost : the video game
Rayman raving rabbids : PC DVD-ROM
Multidisciplinary Design Optimization in an integrated CAD/FEM environment
Midnight Club Los Angeles : complete edition : Xbox 360, Xbox live
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Player authentication based on mouse and keyboard dynamics
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
Sewero La-ma-u - a phonetic approach to literacy teaching in Zambia
Simisle : missions in the rainforest
Need for speed : most wanted : PlayStation 3
Zumba fitness : join the party : PlayStation 3
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Xplosiv : Sega worldwide soccer
For the win : how game thinking can revolutionize your business
WRC - FIA world rally championship : PC DVD-ROM
Advergaming developer's guide : using Macromedia Flash MX 2004 and Director MX
Beginning Android C++ game development
Championship Manager 2010 : PC DVD-ROM
Market Analysis on Virtual Reality Games in Finland : Case Vivendi
Game coding complete
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
The quest trio : jewels, cards and tiles : Nintendo DS
With this guide to the basics, you'll get in on the game of digital game design while you learn the skills required for storyboarding, character creation, environment creation, level design, programming, and testing. - Teaches basic skill sets in the context of current systems, genres, and game-play styles. Demonstrates how to design for different sectors within gaming including console, PC, handheld, and mobile. Explores low-poly modeling for game play. Addresses character and prop animation, lighting and rendering, and environment design. Discusses the path from concept to product, including pre- and post-production. Includes real-world scenarios and interviews with key studio and industry professionals.
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
The shift omnibus
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
Installation process and development idea interlocking concrete paving stones in buildings
MotoGP 09/10 : PlayStation 3
Do non player characters dream of electric sheep? : a thesis about players, NPCs, immersion and believability
Tensions in human-technology research
Unity 3.x game development essentials : game development with C# and Javascript : build fully functional, professional 3D games with realistic environments, sound, dynamic effects, and more!
Band hero : PlayStation 2
WRC - FIA world rally championship. 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
MotoGP 09/10 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
NBA 2K11 : PlayStation 3
Vacation isle - beach party : Wii
SBK 2011 FIM superbike world championship : Xbox 360
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
Game art : art from 40 video games and interviews with their creators
Learning C# by developing games with Unity 3D : learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Monetization of free-to-play mobile games
Need for speed : rivals : Xbox One
Wool
"Hit 'em where it hurts the most" - exploring the humor of an attack on a gaming funeral
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Computer games and team and individual learning
Driving simulator 2009 : PC DVD-ROM
Cooking mama world : hobbies & fun : Nintendo DS
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Pirates of Black Cove : PC DVD-ROM
Mall tycoon
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Lego rock band : Wii
The eye of minds
Top spin. 4 : Wii
Writing for visual media
Pitfall : the big adventure : Wii
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
The calling
Lego rock band : Xbox 360
Lego rock band : PlayStation 3
Motorbike racing pack : PlayStation 3
Lean Pre-production for Independent Game Development
My fitness coach club : PlayStation 3
Abstract: From sprites to models : graphic technologies for independent game developers : case: Opioid Interactive.
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
SBK X : Superbike world championship : PC DVD-ROM
Design and evaluation of physically interactive games
Human computer interaction in game design
Colin McRae rally 04
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
The Routledge companion to video game studies
A new beginning : PC DVD-ROM
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Creating a 3D Game Character Model
My fitness coach club : Wii
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
Abstract: From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment.
Tetris worlds
Pervasive GameFlow : identifying and exploring the mechanisms of player enjoyment in pervasive games
"Features interviews with game developers and discussion of the creative process behind video game development. Includes full-color artwork and concept art from 40 video games"
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Bust-a-move 3DX
Regular show : Mordecai & Rigby in 8-bit land : Nintendo 3DS
The Chinese mobile game market
The Powerpuff girls : Mojo Jojo's pet project
Factors contributing to the buying decision of pc and video games : and their weight in the buying decision process
World championship sports : Wii
Colin McRae - dirt : PC DVD-ROM
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
The journal Human technology : an ongoing resource for human-technology research
SBK 2011FIM superbike world championship : PlayStation 3
Tom Clancy's splinter cell trilogy : classics HD : PlayStation 3
Chessmaster
Game character design complete : using 3ds Max 8 and Adobe Photoshop CS2
