http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8159 maecenases
maecenases
Documents such as inventories, letters, diaries, wills, and artists contracts are translated from the original Italian or Latin to comprise this anthology on the relationship Italian women had with visual arts and material culture from the 15th to mid-17th centuries.
Peggy Guggenheim : The Shock of the Modern
El Grecótól Rippl-Rónaiig : Nemes Marcell, a mecénás mugyujto : Szépmuvészeti Múzeum, 2011. október 26 - 2012. február 19 = El Greco to Rippl-Rónai : Marcell Nemes, art patron and collector, Museum of Fine Arts, 26 October 2011 - 19 February 2012 / [szerkesztette = editor István Németh, Orsolya Radványi]
Sponsors of the past : Flemish art and patronage 1550-1700 : proceedings of the symposium organized at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, December, 14-15, 2001, Fakulteit Letteren, Department Archeologie, Kunstwetenschap en Musicologie / edited by Hans Vlieghe and Katlijne van der Stighelen
"In The Patron's Payoff, Jonathan Nelson and Richard Zeckhauser apply the innovative methods of information economics to the study of art. Building on three economic concepts - signaling, signposting, and stretching - the book develops the first systematic methodology for assessing the meaning of art patronage and provides a broad and useful framework for understanding how works of art functioned in Renaissance Italy."--BOOK JACKET.
Giotto and his publics : three paradigms of patronage
Kröller-Müller : the first hundred years
Beyond Isabella : secular women patrons of art in Renaissance Italy
Dominican women and Renaissance art : the Convent of San Domenico of Pisa
Shakespeare's book : essays in reading, writing and reception
Patron saints : five rebels who opened America to a new art, 1928-1943
A cultural oasis in Helsinki : The Didrichsen Museum of Art and Culture
The Renaissance artist at work : from Pisano to Titian
Music's modern muse : a life of Winnaretta Singer, princesse de Polignac
Changing patrons : social identity and the visual arts in Renaissance Florence
City merchants and the arts, 1670-1720
Drawn to art : French artists and art lovers in 18th-century Rome : [National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, from 21 October 2011 to 2 January 2012 : Musée des beaux-arts de Caen, from 4 February to 23 April 2012] / Sonia Couturier ; with a preface by Pierre Rosneberg and contributions by Victor Carlson ... [et al.]
Summary : 18th-century women artists in the collections of the Eremitage, and monarchs as art collectors / Irina Etoeva
Princes of the Renaissance
Patrons and professionals in the Middle Ages : proceedings of the 2010 Harlaxton Symposium
The Medici : power, money, and ambition in the Italian renaissance
Studies the propagandistic and political features of five prominent series of frescoes originating in papal Rome in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. Discusses the manipulation of historical events for propagandistic purposes, the importance of inscriptions in controlling interpretation, and the reactions of contemporary viewers.
The Serlachiuses and art : the Serlachius family as patrons of the arts and collectors : the Gösta Serlachius Museum of Fine Arts 24.5.2003 - 31.12.2004 / [exhibition brochure, texts: Maritta Pitkänen, Virpi Nikkari]
Addresses the creative and intellectual roles of sculptor and patron. This title surveys artistic production from the Trecento to the Cinquecento in Rome, Pisa, Florence, Bologna, and Venice. It questions the traditional concept of authorship in Italian Renaissance sculpture.
Kyse on aikamme taiteesta : Maire Gullichsen 100 vuotta 2007 = It's about the art of our time : Maire Gullichsen 100 years 2007 = Det är fråga om nutida konst : Maire Gullichsen 100 år 2007
J. Pierpont Morgan : financier and collector
Out of this century : confessions of an art addict Peggy Guggenheim
Sztuka na dworze ksiazat Pomorza Zachodniego w XVI-XVII wieku : katalog wystawy = arts at the Court of West Pomeranian Dukes in 16th and 17th Centuries : exhibition catalogue
Life driven by art / Soili Sinisalo
A palace for a king : the Buen Retiro and the court of Philip IV
The love of an engineer : the Ester and Jalo Sihtola collection : Ateneum 11.4. -28.9.2003 / editors of the publication : Timo Huusko, Kimmo Vatanen
The correspondence of Agostino Chigi (1466-1520) in Cod. Chigi R.V.c
In the wake of Diaghilev
Summary : Queen  Lovisa Ulrika of Sweden - a creative patron of the arts / Merit Laine
'The Court Cities of Northern Italy' examines the painting, sculpture, decorative arts, and architecture produced in nine important court cities of Italy during the 14th, 15th, and 16th centuries.
Privatising culture : corporate art intervention since the 1980s
Four Americans in Paris : the collections of Gertrude Stein and her family
Patrons, painters and saints : studies in medieval Italian painting
Stradanus, 1523-1605 : court artist of the Medici
Known as 'the Mistress of modern art', Peggy Guggenheim was a passionate collector and major patron. She amassed one of the most important collections of early 20th century European and American art embracing cubism, surrealism and expressionism. A 'poor little rich girl', (her father, Benjamin, went down with the Titanic in 1912), she was magnetically drawn to the avant-garde artistic community of Paris. She bought works by, and befriended, such artists as Picasso, Duchamp, Man Ray and Dali. In 1938 she opened her first gallery of modern art in London, followed by the 'Art of this Century' gallery in New York. Then, after a 4-year marriage to Max Ernst, she returned to Europe, setting up her collection in Venice where she lived until her death in 1979. This is the fascinating autobiography of a society heiress who became the bohemian doyenne of the art world. Written in her own words it is the frank and outspoken story of her life and loves: her stormy relationships with such men as Max Ernst and Jackson Pollock, of artistic discoveries and the excitement of promoting great work. A must read for anyone with an interest in these major league artists, this seminal period of art history, and the ultimate self-invented woman.
The angel's game
The patron's payoff : conspicuous commissions in Italian Renaissance art
The Medici, Michelangelo, & the art of late Renaissance Florence
Cosimo de' Medici and the Florentine Renaissance : the patron's oeuvre
Nanny and Yrjö Kaunisto donation collection : Ateneum / Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
Turun taidemuseo - 101 vuotta nykytaidetta  : [näyttely 29.4.2005 - 1.1.2006] = Åbo konstmuseum - nutidskonst i 101 år  : [utställningen 29.4.2005 - 1.1.2006] = Turku Art Museum - 101 years of contemporary art : [exhibition April 29, 2005 - January 1, 200 / [kirjoittajat = skribenter  = authors: Christian Hoffmann, Maija Koskinen, Susanna Luojus, Rolf Nummelin, Helena Soiri-Snellman ; toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Mia Tykkyläinen]
Turun taidemuseo : 101 vuotta nykytaidetta : nutidskonst i 101 år = Turku Art Museum : 101 years of contemporary art = Åbo konstmuseum
Guardians of republicanism : the Valori family in the Florentine Renaissance
Isabella and Leonardo : the artistic relationship between Isabella d'Este and Leonardo da Vinci, 1500-1506
The art and architecture of Mantua : eight centuries of patronage and collecting
The Angel's Game
Paintings for the Planet King : Philip IV and the Buen Retiro Palace
Maire Gullichsen and = et = und Villa Mairea / David Hasan, Sakari Viika
"This book contains a collection of papers that focuses on the way patrons, pagan as well as Christian, conveyed messages through material and visual culture and on the reception by the viewers. The contributions investigate how patrons of luxurious buildings, elaborate grave monuments, and churches used architecture, images, and inscriptions to demonstrate political, social, and religious power. The visual arts were a strong factor in communicating identity and attitudes both in the public and private spheres also in Late Antiquity"--P. [4] of cover.
"Investigates the major paintings and sculpture produced for the church of Ognissanti (All Saints) in Florence between about 1300 and 1500 under the artistic patronage of the religious order of the Humiliati"--Provided by publisher.
Patronage, politics, and literary traditions in England, 1558-1658
Women, art and architectural patronage in Renaissance Mantua : matrons, mystics and monasteries
Music, patronage, and printing in late Renaissance Florence
Aineen Kuvataidesäätiön taidekokoelma : Aineen taidemuseo = Aines Bildkonststiftelses samling : Aines konstmuseum = Collection of the Aine Pictorial Art Foundation : The Aine Art Museum / [toimittaja: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura]
An earthly paradise : the Medici, their collection and the foundations of modern art
The powers of art : patronage in Indian culture
Women and the visual arts in Italy c. 1400-1650 : luxury and leisure, duty and devotion : a sourcebook
Heinrich Rantzau : a bibliography
Power and display in the seventeenth century : the arts and their patrons in Modena and Ferrara
Sigurd Frosterus : art as an attitude
Jan Van Eyck and Portugal's 'Illustrious Generation'. Volume II, Plates
The ruined bridge : studies in Barberini patronage of music and spectacle, 1631-1679
Early Netherlandish triptychs : a study in patronage
From Giotto to Botticelli : the artistic patronage of the Humiliati in Florence
Building Renaissance Venice : patrons, architects, and builders, c. 1430-1500
Ruskin's artists : studies in the Victorian visual economy : papers from the Ruskin Programme, Lancaster University
Women and art in early modern Europe : patrons, collectors, and connoisseurs
Reassessing the roles of women as 'makers' of medieval art and architecture
Maharaja : the splendour of India's royal courts
Jan Van Eyck and Portugal's 'Illustrious Generation'. Vol. 1
Patrons and painters : a study in the relations between Italian art and society in the age of the Baroque
Impressonism for England : Samuel Courtauld as patron and collector : Courtauld Institute Galleries, 1994 / John House ; with contributions by John Murdoch...[et al.]
Sinebrychoffs : a part of Finnish industry and cultural history : strong personalities, business acumen, social awareness, heartfelt generosity / [editor: Terttu Niutanen]
From studio to studiolo : Florentine draftsmanship under the first Medici grand dukes
Suomalaista 1800-luvun taidetta Gösta Serlachiuksen taidesäätiön kokoelmista = Finländsk 1800-tals konst ur Gösta Serlachius konststiftelses samlingar = Finnish 19th century art from the collections of the Gösta Serlachius : Amos Andersonin taidemuseo = A / luettelo = katalog = catalogue : Bengt von Bonsdorf, Liisa Kasvio, Maritta Pitkänen
Nicholas Vincent, "'Let Us Go Down from this Joyful Commencement to the Plain': Richard Poer and the Refoundation of Salisbury Cathedral"; Susan Powell, "Lady Margaret Beaufort as Patron of Scholars and Scholarship"; Sam Barrett, "The Sponsorship of Early Medieval Latin Song: The Musical Evidence of Two Carolingian Poetic Collections"; Claudia Bolgia, "Mosaics and Gilded Glass in Franciscan Hands: 'Professional' Friars in Thirteenth- and Fourteenth-Century Italy"; Michael T. Davis, "Guidelines: the Bishop's Garden, a Mason's Drawings, and the Construction of Notre-Dame Cathedral of Clermont"; Martine Meuwese, "The Count and the Codex. Morals and Miniatures in a Middle Dutch Manuscript".
The Spinelli of Florence : fortunes of a renaissance merchant family
Guercino's paintings and his patrons' politics in early modern Italy
The Flemish tapestries collected by the Habsburg rulers of the Low Countries are among the most beautiful art works of the Renaissance period. This book places these important tapestries in their historical and cultural context. Part I of the book examines the relationship between the Habsburgs and the tapestry industry in the Low Countries, the roles of the artists who designed the tapestries, the weavers who made them, and of the tapissiers, the court officials who looked after the royal tapestry collections. This is followed by four chapters which document and survey the collections formed by the Habsburg rulers of the Low countries: Margaret of Austria, the Emperor Charles V, Mary of Hungary and Philip II of Spain. Part II of the book is a detailed catalogue of thirteen of the most important surviving Habsburg sets. These include such important tapestries as the Honours, the Hunts of Maximilian, the Armorials of Charles V, the Seven Deadly Sins, the History of Vertumnus and Pomona and the Apocalypse.
Out of this century : confessions of an art addict
Raphael, Cellini & a renaissance banker : the patronage of Bindo Altoviti
Kauneutta arkeen : Maire Gullichsen 100 vuotta = Beauty for the everyday : Maire Gullichsen 100 years
Akseli Gallen-Kallela in the Gösta Serlachius Collection at Prince Eugens Waldemarsudde [March 9 - April 22, 1990] / [editor Maritta Pitkänen]
The Florentine academy and the early modern state : the discipline of disegno
Patronage and Italian Renaissance sculpture
Remembering the life of Jalo Sihtola / Kari Sihtola
The Guggenheims : an American epic
Rubens and his Spanish patrons
This probing analysis of three of Giotto's major works and the patrons who commissioned them goes beyond the cliches of Giotto as the founding figure of western painting. It traces the interactions between Franciscan friars and powerful bankers and illuminates the complex interactions between mercantile wealth and the iconography of poverty.
The power and the glorification : papal pretensions and the art of propaganda in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries
The political economy of art : being the substance (with additions) of two lectures. Delivered at Manchester, July 10th and 13th, 1857.
Patrons and viewers in late antiquity
The Serlachiuses and Art 24.5.2003-31.12.2004 : The Serlachius family as patrons of the arts and collectors
The making of Assisi : The pope, the Franciscans and the painting of the Basilica
A Place of Hiding
Confessions of an art addict / Peggy Guggenheim
"The essays in this volume explore the full scope of Maximilian's Ruhmeswerk, which adaptively incorporated different literary and aesthetic genres. They examine the Emperor's quest to become an 'uomo universale', or Renaissance man, in the context of the idea of 'self-fashioning' at the focus of recent Renaissance research. In addition, the studies consider the impact of changing media conditions as a result of the invention of the printed book"--
Maire Gullichsen : an influence in the Finnish art world
Patronage and poetry in the Islamic world : social mobility and status in the medieval Middle East and Central Asia
The Maeght family : a passion for modern art / Yoyo Maeght, Isabelle Maeght, Franck Maubert
The Dahlström brothers - Turku's art patrons / Rolf Nummelin
A cultural oasis in Helsinki : The Didrichsen Art Museum
Panegyric poetry, in both Arabic and Persian, was one of the most important genres of literature in the medieval Middle East and Central Asia. Jocelyn Sharlet argues that panegyric poetry is important not only because it provides a commentary on society and culture in the medieval Middle East, but also because panegyric writing was one of the key means for individuals to gain social mobility and standing during this period. This is particularly so within the context of patronage, a central feature of social order during these times. Sharlet places the medieval Arabic and Persian panegyric firmly within its cultural context, and identifies it as a crucial way of gaining entry to and movement within this patronage network. This is an important contribution to the fields of pre-modern Middle Eastern and Central Asian literature and culture.
In the courts of religious ladies : art, vision, and pleasure in Italian Renaissance convents
Empresses, art, and agency in Song dynasty China
The magnificence of Eszterháza
The painter's practice in Renaissance Tuscany
The court cities of northern Italy : Milan, Parma, Piacenza, Mantua, Ferrara, Bologna, Urbino, Pesaro, and Rimini
Lavinia Fontana : a painter and her patrons in sixteenth-century Bologna
Lord Dalhousie : patron and collector : [National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, 15 February - 11 May 2008 : Art Gallery of Nova Scotia : Halifax, 26 February - 14 May 2009 : New Brunswick Museum, Saint John 13 June - 23 August 2009] / René Villeneuve ; [editor: Susan McMaster]
The Roman crucible : the artistic patronage of the Papacy 1198-1304
Reflections in a silver spoon : a memoir
The Maecenas and the madrigalist : patrons, patronage, and the origins of the Italian madrigal
Aineen kuvataidesäätiön taidekokoelma : Aineen taidemuseo = Aines Bildkonststiftelses samling : Aines konstmuseum = Collection of the Aine Pictorial Art Foundation : The Aine Art Museum / [toimittaja: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura]
The cultural patronage of medieval women
This book traces the evolution of connoisseurship in the booming Dutch art market of the seventeenth- and eighteenth centuries. The question whether or not seventeenth-century painters such as Rembrandt and Rubens created the paintings which were later sold under their names, has caused many a heated debate. Much is still unknown about the ways in which paintings were produced, assessed, priced, and marketed. Who was credited with the ability to assess paintings? How did a painting's price relate to its quality? And how did connoisseurship change as the art market became increasingly complex? This groundbreaking study includes insightful essays by, among others, Eric Jan Sluijter, Hans Van Miegroet and Neil De Marchi. It is not to be missed by anyone with an interest in the Old Masters and the early modern art market.
A cultural oasis in Helsinki : the Didrichsen Museum of Art and Culture
Paintings in the Uffizi & Pitti galleries / Mina Gregori ; introductions by Antonio Paolucci, Marco Chiarini
Recollecting the Arundel Circle : discovering the past, recovering the future
Anton Raphael Mengs 1728-1779 and his British patrons / Steffi Roettgen
The house of Medici : its rise and fall
Art market and connoisseurship : a closer look at paintings by Rembrandt, Rubens and their contemporaries
The Pamphilj and the arts : patronage and consumption in Baroque Rome
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller : the woman in the family
Patrons and artists in the Italian Renaissance
J. C. Jacobsen and Frederiksborg
Mellon : an American life
Kings, queens, and courtiers : art in early Renaissance France
