http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8153 feeling of guilt
feeling of guilt guilt (psychology)
The fisher king
Guilt trip : from fear to guilt on the green bandwagon
Is shame necessary? : new uses for an old tool
Guilt and sin in traditional China
The sources of moral motivation : studies on empathy, guilt, shame and values
Depression : self-consciousness, pretending, and guilt
I was here
Testimony
Eat the cookie, buy the shoes : giving yourself permission to lighten up
"For better and for worse, or until..." : on divorce and guilt
The widening scope of shame
So you've been publicly shamed
The depleted self : sin in a narcissistic age
Sin, guilt and forgiveness : the hidden dimensions of a pastoral process
Sin and fear : the emergence of a Western guilt culture 13th-18th centuries
Guilt : the bite of conscience
Bad intensions
Porous bodies, porous minds : emotions and the supernatural in the Íslendingasögur (ca. 1200-1400)
Fathers & daughters
"How do otherwise considerate human beings do cruel things and still live in peace with themselves? Drawing on his agentic theory, Dr. Bandura provides a definitive exposition of the psychosocial mechanism by which people selectively disengage their moral self-sanctions from their harmful conduct. They do so by sanctifying their harmful behavior as serving worthy causes; they absolve themselves of blame for the harm they cause by displacement and diffusion of responsibility; they minimize or deny the harmful effects of their actions; and they dehumanize those they maltreat and blame them for bringing the suffering on themselves. Dr. Bandura's theory of moral disengagement is uniquely broad in scope. Theories of morality focus almost exclusively at the individual level. He insightfully extends the disengagement of morality to the social-system level through which large-scale inhumanities are perpetrated...Moral disengagement will transform your thinking about how otherwise considerate people can behave inhumanely and still feel good about themselves." -- Book jacket.
After the wreck, I picked myself up, spread my wings, and flew away
Before the devil knows you're dead
Guilt and children
Hate
The scapegoat complex : toward a mythology of shadow and guilt
The Dark room
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
With the first unified theory of guilt, shame, and anxiety, this pioneering psychiatrist and critic of psychiatric diagnoses and drugs examines the causes and effects of psychological and emotional suffering from the perspective of biological evolution, child development, and mature adult decision-making. Drawing on evolution, neuroscience, and decades of clinical experience, Dr. Breggin analyzes what he calls our negative legacy emotions - the painful emotional heritage that encumbers all human beings. The author marshals evidence that we evolved as the most violent and yet most empathic creatures on Earth. Evolution dealt with this species-threatening conflict between our violence and our close-knit social life by building guilt, shame, and anxiety into our genes. These inhibiting emotions were needed prehistorically to control our self-assertiveness and aggression within intimate family and clan relationships. Dr. Breggin shows how guilt, shame, and anxiety eventually became self-defeating and demoralizing legacies from our primitive past that no longer play any useful or positive role in mature adult life. He then guides the reader through the Three Steps to Emotional Freedom, starting with how to identify negative legacy emotions and then how to reject their control over us. Finally, he describes how to triumph over and transcend guilt, shame, and anxiety on the way to greater emotional freedom and a more rational, loving, and productive life.
Human sexuality
Parents' causal attributions and adjustment to their child's disability
The nature, origins, and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
Practical guilt : moral dilemmas, emotions, and social norms
The nature, origins and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
Gender and emotion : social psychological perspectives
Vanished
Shame and guilt : sociology as a poietic system
The dark room
Escaping toxic guilt : five proven steps to free yourself from guilt for good!
Emotions : their cognitive base and ontological importance
The trouble with blame : victims, perpetrators, and responsibility
Perfect madness : motherhood in the age of anxiety
Black edelweiss : a memoir of combat and conscience by a soldier of the Waffen-SS
Ketchup clouds
Guilt, shame, emotion regulation, and social cognition : understanding their associations with preadolescents' social behavior
For ages, women have been considered as the emotional sex. The aim of this book is to investigate this stereotype. A wide range of emotions, such as anger, pride, shame, sadness, and joy, and emotional expressions, such as smiling and laughing are covered in the various chapters. The purpose of each chapter is to show whether sex differences have been found in psychological research in relation to one of these aspects of emotion, in which situations these differences were especially strong, and how (the absence of) these differences can be explained. This book is the first in its field to systematically present an overview of research and theory on gender differences in emotion.
Macbeth : the graphic novel
The two faces of January
The Fisher King : deluxe widescreen presentation
Shame and guilt
Guilt and its vicissitudes : psychoanalytic reflections on morality
The Dark Room
The water children
The husband's secret
Moral disengagement : how people do harm and live with themselves
Promises and lies : a theory of pre-play negotiation
With the rise of pride - national pride, gay pride, black pride, fat pride - shame, the "sickness of the soul," has acquired a bad reputation. While the repudiation of some forms and consequences of societal shame are undoubtedly necessary, Elspeth Probyn contends that this emotion is a powerful resource in rethinking who we are and who we want to be. When we blush, we are driven to question what we value about ourselves and why. Blush argues that we are all born with a capacity for shame, much as we are born with the capacity for anger or pride, and that shame, like these other emotions, can be good for us and reveal the good in us. Painfully introspective, shame demands that we question our actions and our relationship to others. Shame's physical manifestation - the blush - gives us away, connecting us to our humanity. What shames us says a great deal about our character as individuals and as a society, about our past and our desires for the future. Written in an engaging and personal style, Blush combines psychology and cultural criticism, sociology and popular science, to present a unique perspective on debates about the ethics and emotion of identity.
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
The voice of shame : silence and connection in psychotherapy
Transgressor of the nation
Guilt : revenge, remorse, and responsibility after Freud
Let go and remember : how Finnish communities experienced and memorialized school shootings
The emotions : social, cultural and biological dimensions
The sky is everywhere
Blush : faces of shame
Shame, guilt, and alcoholism : treatment issues in clinical practice
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
Emotions and consumption behaviour
Self-conscious emotions : the psychology of shame, guilt, embarrassment, and pride
Bad intentions
Rules of civility : a novel
The subtlety of emotions
Rules of civility
The experience of shame in Melanesia : an essay in the anthropology of affect
A backhanded gift : a novel
November
A dark trace : Sigmund Freud on the sense of guilt
Looking for Alaska
