http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8158 donators
donators donors
In the courts of religious ladies : art, vision, and pleasure in Italian Renaissance convents
For charitable organizations seeking relationships with donors, trust is as critical a factor as reputation. Simply put, people are reluctant to give if they can't be sure of where their money is going. Building trust is fast becoming recognized as a key not only to attracting donors, but to keeping them as well. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations analyzes the intricate psychological processes behind trust and philanthropy and applies this knowledge to best-practice guidelines for nonprofits. This monograph explores cognitive, affective, societal, and other contexts for trust, and how these influence giving in the short and long term. On the practical level, chapters offer new research-based methods of assessing and gauging donor trust, and a real-world framework for building trust with donors, communities, and the public at large. These organization-level ideas are also related to larger policy initiatives such as the Millennium Development Goals. Among the book's core topics: The role of trust in donating money. Understanding and measuring donors' trust in a charity. Improving charity efficiency and accountability in building trust. Communicating effectively with donors. Dealing with violations of trust. The future of charities and nonprofit organizations, especially in the digital age. The current climate demands more of the nonprofit sector as a major player in poverty reduction around the globe. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations brings innovative thinking on philanthropy to researchers and academics, professionals in charity and nonprofit management, and policymakers.
Nameless relations : anonymity, Melanesia and reproductive gift exchange between British ova donors and recipients
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
The price of civilization : reawakening American virtue and prosperity
Clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich
The Dahlström brothers - Turku's art patrons / Rolf Nummelin
Nanny and Yrjö Kaunisto Donation Collection : Ateneum
In this publication the author Wim Vroom describes how in the Middle Ages the building costs of European cathedrals was financed. This policy of financing was as large and monumental as the cathedrals themselves. The money came from the diocese, the chapter, sometimes the sovereign and from the city. The main costs however were financed by the diocese to which the catherdral to be built belonged. Besides the financing the author treats the building and the changing circumstances in planning and praxis. Special attention is being paid to the financing of the Utrecht cathedral and in short the Cathedral of Sint Peter in Rome.
Mellon : an American life
In 2000, Bill and Hillary Clinton owed millions of dollars in legal debt. Since then, they've earned over $130 million. Where did the money come from? Most people assume that the Clintons amassed their wealth through lucrative book deals and high-six figure fees for speaking gigs. Now, Peter Schweizer shows who is really behind those enormous payments
Aristocracy in antiquity : redefining Greek and Roman elites
Turun taidemuseo : 101 vuotta nykytaidetta : nutidskonst i 101 år = Turku Art Museum : 101 years of contemporary art = Åbo konstmuseum
Managing the public's trust in non-profit organizations
Financing cathedral building in the Middle Ages : the generosity of the faithful
Aid to fragile states : do donors help or hinder?
Koninklijke Bibliotheek 1798-1998 : collectors and collections
Bread and circuses : euergetism and municipal patronage in Roman Italy
Tissue economies : blood, organs, and cell lines in late capitalism
Cities in the ancient world relied on private generosity to provide many basic amenities, as well as expecting leading citizens to pay for 'bread and circuses' - free food and public entertainment. This collection of essays by leading scholars from the UK and USA explores the important phenomenon of benefaction and public patronage in Roman Italy. Ranging from the late republican period to the later Roman Empire, the contributions cover a wide range of topics, including the impact of benefactions and benefactors on the urban development of Roman Italy, on cultural and economic activity, and on the changing role of games and festivals in Roman society. They also explore the relationship between communities and their benefactors, whether these were local notables, senators, or the emperor himself, and examine how the nature of benefaction changed under the Empire.
