http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8164 Opiliones
Opiliones
The multipurpose chair as mission : Ilmari Tapiovaara
In 2013 and 2015 several specimens of the opilionid Platybunus pinetorum (C.L. Koch, 1839) were found in Sweden in two different places almost 500 kilometers from each other. The species was not previously known in the country. The discovery initiated a survey of specimens reported as Rilaena triangularis (Herbst, 1799) on two Swedish web pages, in search for misidentified P. pinetorum. A further three specimens of the new species were found, indicating that it is already rather widespread in southern Sweden.
25th ECA, European Congress of Arachnology, 16-21 August 2009, Alexandroupouli, Greece
Broadsides from the other orders : a book of bugs
Whip spiders (Chelicerata: Amblypygi) : their biology, morphology and systematics
Pycnogonida of the western Pacific Islands. 11, Collections from the Aleutians and other Bering Sea Islands, Alaska
Insects & spiders
Effects of stump removal on forest soil predators - spiders (Araneae), ants (Formicidae) and harvestmen (Opiliones)
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 5, Harvester ant - leaf-cutting ant
Diversität und Biologie von Webspinnen, Skorpionen und anderen Spinnentieren = Diversity and biology of spiders, scorpions and other arachnids
Opiliones new to Finland and an updated checklist
Finnish Opiliones have been studied as a part of the research programme of deficiently known and threatened forest species (PUTTE) since 2012. During the project, several species new to Finland have been found and some errors in former checklists Heinäjoki 1944, Stol 2007) discovered. Prior to the project, 12 Opiliones species were reported from Finland, the number now being 15. Here we present additions and changes with the updated checklist (Table 1.)..
Temporal and spatial niche differentiation of predatory arthopods of the soil surface in two forest ecosystems
The phalangids and pseudoscorpionids of Finnish Lapland
Harvestmen : the biology of Opiliones
Deep-sea Pycnogonida from the temperate West Coast of the United States
Platybunus pinetorum (Arachnida, Opiliones) new to Sweden
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 23
Opiliones from Central Africa
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 9, Stone fly - velvet worm
