http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8161 brides
brides fiancées
Perfectly matched : a novel
Don't tell the groom
The wedding dress : the 50 designs that changed the course of bridal fashion
Petra and the northern lights
Scottish brides
Brides. 2015 : April/May
Robert Ludlum's the Hades factor
The wedding dress : 300 years of bridal fashion
Accessorizing the bride : vintage wedding finery through the decades
Hollywood catwalk : exploring costume and transformation in American film
Following the animal : power, agency, and human-animal transformations in modern, northern-European literature
Bride by mistake
The perfect wedding dress
The directive
The Great Galloon : being a mostly accurate tale of the voyages of Captain Meredith Anstruther, his crew and his celebrated Great Galloon
I've Got Your Number
The bridesmaid guide : modern advice on etiquette, parties, and being fabulous
Bridal guide. 2015 : May/June
Sylvester or the wicked uncle
Wedding photography in East Asia
Tender concerns and individual prospects : settling the future of noble fiancées in sixteenth-century Sweden
Bridal fashions
The princess mouse : a tale of Finland
Customary law of the Haya tribe : Tanganyika territory
Gorgeous wedding hairstyles : a step-by-step guide to 34 stunning styles
First season ; Bride to be
Tim Burton's Corpse Bride
Be a Beautiful Bride : Walk Up the Aisle in Style
Vulnerability and the art of protection : embodiment and health care in Moroccan households
Ellie Andrews has second thoughts
The ghost bride
Makeup makeovers : weddings : stunning looks for the entire bridal party
Ruslan and Ludmila
Wedding gowns : finding a gown to suit your body, personality and style
I do but I don't : walking down the aisle without losing your mind
Hats for brides & weddings
The brides of Rollrock Island
The Wedding Dress : 300 Years of Bridal Fashions
Best man down
Economic anthropology and development : essays on tribal and peasant economies
How to be a beautiful bride
"From homespun to haute couture, the dresses worn by American brides in the first half of the twentieth century had myriad influences. In Bridal Fashion 1900--1950, living-history expert Kathleen York takes readers on an elegant journey back in time, marking the changes that economics, popular culture, and even politics have made to style over the years. Both brides-to-be looking for inspiration and nostalgia-seekers will enjoy this lavishly illustrated tour of an era that saw the average wedding evolve from a simple affair for a few family members into a dazzling, and often expensive, gala for hundreds of guests"-- From publisher.
All dressed in white
The wedding dress
Sugarcraft cake decorating
Tim Burton's Corpse bride
Be a beautiful bride : walk down the aisle in style
I've got your number
Sherlock
Simple stunning brides : celebrating your style all the way to the big day
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian
The wedding dress : a sourcebook
The white dress
A Christmas bride ; Christmas beau
Maybe, perhaps, possibly and probably in Margaret Atwood's The robber bride and their modal counterparts in Finnish
Brides. 2015 : July/August
Bridal fashion 1900-1950
Veil of night
Famous operatic overtures lp 372.
The war bride
The everything bridesmaid book : from bachelorette party planning to wedding ceremony etiquette - all you need for an unforgettable wedding
The bride's guide to musicians : live wedding music made easy and affordable
Unbridaled : the marriage of tradition and avant garde
Monster in my closet
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian : [a novel]
Italian deception
Devil's cubs
If Nina Cormier's wedding had taken place, she would be dead. But after the bride was left at the altar, the church stood empty when the bomb exploded. It wasn't until a stranger tried to run her off the road that Nina realized someone actually wanted to kill her. But who? That's what Detective Sam Navarro has to find out...fast. With a nightmare unfolding all around them, Sam and Nina must try to decipher the terrifying truth: they are at the mercy of a brilliant madman, one who is playing for keeps....
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor : a covert-one novel
The ship of brides
Tavan takaa : kansatieteellisiä tutkimuksia tapojemme historiasta : ethnological studies of Finnish customs and beliefs = Behind the customs
Fiction : prose
Tim Burton's corpse bride
Not Russian enough? : nationalism and cosmopolitanism in nineteenth-century Russian opera
Wedding flowers & accessories. 2015 : May/June
Keeper of the bride
With English and German summaries.
The undertaking of Lily Chen
Mail order brides in modern America : a critical analysis of tafficked brides in public perception
A Cornish affair
Bridal flowers : boutiguets, boutonnieres, corsages
I ́ve got your number
