http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8166 mode photography
mode photography
Capture Your Style : Transform Your Instagram Images, Showcase Your Life, and Build the Ultimate Platform
Vanity : Mode/Fotografie aus der Sammlung F. C. Gundlach = Fashion/photography from the F.C. Gundlach Collection
Fashion photography next
One woman 100 faces
American fashion accessories
Lee Miller was a Vogue cover girl, Man Ray's lover, the first photojournalist at the liberation of Dachau and Buchenwald, and one of the most important female photographers of the 20th century. Combining fine art and urban wit, her photographic technique was learned from the great photographers of her day, among them are Edward Steichen, Man Ray and George Hoyningen-Huene. Becky E. Conekin's Lee Miller in Fashion gives us a wide lens view on Miller's fashion photography. Set against the fast-changing landscapes of New York, Paris, and London, it reveals a neglected chapter in Miller's life: how this incredible woman challenged conventions and broke boundaries in her fashion photography for the leading magazines of the day. Using never-before-seen photographs and archival research, Conekin shows how Miller's fashion photographs were a brilliant combination of sharp wit, high art and modernist edge--
The lighting cookbook for fashion and beauty photography : foolproof recipes for perfect portraits
Vogue - Book of fashion photography
The fundamentals of creative photography
Fashion in photographs 1860-1880
F.C. Gundlach : The photographic work
Stylists : new fashion visionaries
Fashion : photography of the nineties
A collection of portraits of actors, musicians, designers, models, writers and directors wearing a Chanel tweed jacket as part of their costume, photographed by Karl Lagerfeld and styled by Carine Roitfeld.
"International supermodel Cindy Crawford chronicles her life and career, sharing stories and lessons learned, and featuring her most memorable images. Cindy Crawford was the cornerstone of the golden age of the supermodel in the 1990s. She blazed a trail during that decade, seamlessly moving between the runway to unconventional outlets, such as cutting-edge MTV, Super Bowl commercials, and even Playboy magazine. On the eve of her fiftieth birthday, Crawford looks back, photo shoot by photo shoot, on a remarkable career and various life lessons she absorbed. She discusses her earliest modeling years and learning how to become less self-conscious in front of a camera; trusting her own instincts about creating positive messages about a healthy and strong body image that she knew would reach women of all ages; her feelings about becoming a wife and a mother; and her thoughts about turning fifty and what she would tell her younger self if she had the chance. The photographs span her entire career, beginning from the mid 1980s, and feature unpublished images from Crawford's personal archive in addition to images by every top name in fashion photography, including Annie Leibovitz, Arthur Elgort, Helmut Newton, Herb Ritts, Irving Penn, Patrick Demarchelier, and Richard Avedon, among others"--Publisher's description.
Appearances : fashion photography since 1945
Fashion in photographs 1920-1940
Arthur Elgort : the big picture
Peter Lindbergh : images of women
"This much-anticipated first monograph of the highly influential photographer showcases the best of his sensual fashion images and nudes. Famous for his cinematic approach, Denis Piel catches women off guard, engaged in sensual moments that are filled with magic and curiosity. Known as one of the wonderboys of fashion photography of the 1980s, Piel and his style and aesthetic have influenced many photographers today. This volume, designed by award-winning designer Ruth Ansel, features a selection of images spanning Piel's career, including those taken on assignment for fashion magazines and advertising clients as well as nudes of breathtaking women who would become the supermodels and actresses of a new generation, such as Nastassja Kinski, Uma Thurman, Andie MacDowell, Christy Turlington, Gia Carangi, Tatjana Patitz, Kelly LeBrock, and Jamie Lee Curtis."
Louis Vuitton Fashion Photography is an unprecedented visual history of the company, seen through its presence in photographs. This exceptional album features over two hundred images by the most important modern and contemporary photographers, including David Bailey, Henry Clarke, Patrick Demarchelier, Karl Lagerfeld, Annie Leibovitz, Helmut Newton, David Sims, Bert Stern, Juergen Teller, Mario Testino, and Bruce Weber.
Back in the days
Helmut Newton
Clifford Coffin : photographs from Vogue 1945 to 1955
Photography year-book. 1951
Louis Vuitton fashion photography
Another fashion book
Guy Bourdin
Couture graphique : fashion, graphic design & the body
Elegance : the Séeberger brothers and the birth of fashion photography, 1909-1939
The naked & the dressed : 20 years of Versace
World Without Men
Sixties fashion : Modefotografie & -illustration = fashion photography & illustration
Object that dreams
Lee Miller in fashion
Fashion: theory
"Photographer Craig McDean captures the celebrated evolution of fashion's biggest muses: Kate Moss, Guinevere van Seenus, and Amber Valletta. With their waiflike frames and unique features that contrasted with the supermodels of the '80s, Amber, Guinevere, and Kate became the anti-supermodels that, alongside grunge, signified a global shift in culture. And Craig McDean, an artist with a talented eye for the striking and unusual, photographed them from their beginnings. McDean, whose works are praised for their conceptual and sophisticated edge, is well respected in both the photography and fashion worlds. Shot on film from 1992 through 2002, this roughly chronological volume of 150 color and black-and-white images includes never-before-published photographs, outtakes from famous shoots, and contact sheets"--Publisher's web site.
Stylist : the interpreters of fashion
Becoming
Vernier : fashion, feminity & form
The art of haute couture
The revolutionary era of the 1960s saw many societal changes, and this upheaval left an unmistakable mark on fashion. This book shows the most important fashion trends of the decade, divided into 12 thematic sections.
Vogue book of fashion photography
Terence Donovan : London photographs
Fashion in photographs 1900-1920
Posing for portrait photography : a head-to-toe guide
Archeology of elegance, 1980-2000 : 20 years of fashion photography
Fashion photography : a complete guide to the tools and techniques of the trade
Fashion images de mode No 4
Imperfect beauty : the making of contemporary fashion photographs
Herb Ritts : the golden hour : a photographer's life and his world
Pretty much everything
Fashion images de mode No 2
Work
Looking at fashion : Biennale di Firenze
Lingerie shots
Fashion photography now
Draw blood for proof
Art photography now
Rodarte, Catherine Opie, Alec Soth
Yves Saint Laurent / Roxanne Lowit, photographs ; foreword by Pierre Bergé ; Jerry Hall ... [et al.] share YSL moments
One of the most famous and popular photographers of his time, Jeanloup Sieff photographed some of the most beautiful women and men of his era. This wide-ranging collection of his work captures some of his most famous photographs spanning a career of nearly forty years. These nudes and fashion shots portray more than beautiful bodies draped, or not, with beautiful clothes; Sieff's personal interest in whatever lay before his camera, and his continually evolving style, render these photographs pieces of art. Whether his assignment was for 'Glamour', 'Vogue', or 'Harpers Bazaar'; whether his subject was Yves Montand, Rudolf Nureyev, Twiggy, or Catherine Deneuve, Sieff was never afraid to take chances with location, equipment, lighting, or convention. Rounding out this exciting monograph are texts from his favourite models, such as Deneuve and Charlotte Rampling, as well as essays by Frank Horvarth and 'Purple Magazine's' editor Olivier Zahm.
Initially conceived as a personal project on the walls of Sorrenti's New York loft, the material in 'Draw Blood for Proof' eventually found its way onto gallery walls as a large-scale installation piece in 2004. Papering the site from floor to ceiling with layers of collected snapshots, contact sheets, prints, Polaroids and ephemera drawn from over fifteen years of work, Sorrenti's collection was a unique look into the artist's diaristic creative process, going beyond ideas of public and private production. Re-photographed as a series of 8x10 Polaroids and reconstituted here, Sorrenti's montage finds yet another incarnation in book form. Here the images are both documentation and personal exploration, and the layout repositions Sorrenti's photographs in a series faithful to their placement on the walls of the gallery. This gives the viewer a sense of the ra impact of the original installation but also creates new visual relationships between images as they move across spreads, redefining themselves and one another on the pages.
Peter Lindbergh ; a different vision on fashion photography
In Vogue : the illustrated history of the world's most famous fashion magazine
What is feminine and what is masculine? How do you define erotica? Is there such thing as perfect beauty? International fashion magazines are constantly redefining notions of beauty and exploring the limits in the field of fashion photography. Since the 1950s, the Netherlands progressively pushed those boundaries with quirky fashion magazines such as Avenue, Dutch, BLVD. and Fantastic Man. This summer the exhibition Everything but Clothes in Museum Arnhem provides insights into the unique relationship between Dutch fashion magazines and their photographers, where folklore, humour and eroticism are important themes. Exhibition: Museum Arnhem, The Netherlands (13.06.-13.09.2015).
Appearances : [fashion photography since 1945] = Modephotographie seit 1945
Photographing fashion  : British style in the sixties
Viviane Sassen : in and out of fashion
Markets in fashion : a phenomenological approach
Zeitgeist becomes form : German fashion photography 1945-1995
Fashion and imagination : about clothes and art
Sieff : fashion
Street fashion photography : taking stylish pictures on the concrete runway
Fashion in photographs 1880-1900
Fashion photography course : principles, practice, and techniques : an essential guide
Master mind : art direction, fashion styling and visionary photography
Clive Arrowsmith : fashion, beauty and portraits
Vogue model : the faces of fashion
David Bailey archive one : 1957-1969
Beaton in Vogue
Dior glamour : photographs from 1952-1962
Fashion & advertising
Northern women in Chanel  / Peter Farago & Ingela Klemetz-Farago ; foreword Karl Lagerfeld
The first monograph from the brilliant fashion photographer Miles Aldridge. With a cinematic approach to fashion photography, Miles Aldridge creates singular scenes with psychologically complex characters in surreal and fantastic settings. His brilliant, candy-colored images engage viewers with an appealing mix of overt sexuality and sweetness. No detail is left uncovered in his eye-popping, erotically charged fashion photographs, which transform slightly sordid scenarios into acid-hued glamour. Each photograph is a complex world unto itself, and these lush images invite viewers to linger, for there is always something else to see, some deeper layer of meaning to uncover. Including hand-drawn storyboards that Aldridge uses to fix the idea of a shoot in his mind, as well as previously unpublished material, this monograph is filled with intimate insight into the photographer's point of view and process. With deliciously naughty scenes and lushly evocative photography, this book lures readers into Aldridge's irresistible world.
In your face
Picture perfect posing : practicing the art of posing for photographers and models
Unified message
Black book : art and fashion
Women then : photographs 1954-1969
Setting the scene / : Exploring set design
Avedon fashion 1944-2000
Pricing beauty : the making of a fashion model
Deborah Turbeville : the fashion pictures
Street style : an ethnography of fashion blogging
Woman in the mirror
Pro digital fashion photography : a complete reference guide to the tools and techniques of successful digital fashion photography
Photography : the new basics : principles, techniques and practice
The fashion photography course : first principles to successful shoot : the essential guide
Presents a collection of iconic portraits and photographs taken from the career of photographer Albert Watson.
Fashion images de mode No 3
Look at me : Fashion and photography in Britain 1960 to the present
Fashion faces up : photographs and words from the world of fashion
Diesel : XXX years of Diesel communication
Story teller
New fashion photography
Photography 2007
Advanced style : older & wiser
V best five years of V Magazine
In and out of fashion
Italian eyes : Italian fashion photographs from 1951 to today
Gianni and Donatella
Fashion images de mode No 5
Philip Treacy by Kevin Davies
Three at last : blood, smoke & tears..
The little black jacket : Chanel's classic revisited
Photographing people / portraits, fashion, glamor
Peter Lindbergh : selected work 1996-1998
Glamour shots
Everything but clothes : fashion, photographers, magazines
Peter Lindbergh : selected work, 1996-1998
Images in time : flashing forward, backward, in front and behind photography in fashion, advertising and the press
Collects photographs of Dior collections between 1952 and 1962 for Life Magazine from Mark Shaw.
Fashion images de mode No 6
Dior. Volume II : new couture
Fashioning fiction in photography since 1990
Photographing models : 1,000 poses
Blood, sweat and tears : or how I stopped worrying and learned to love fashion
A singular elegance : the photographs of Baron Adolph de Meyer
Vogue 100 : a century of style
I only want you to love me
Purple anthology, 1992-2006 : [art prose fashion music architecture sex
