http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p817 future
future
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Information services today : an introduction
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
The futures window : a medium for presenting visual weak signals to trigger employees' futures thinking in organizations
Guilty Gear XRD Revelator : PS4
We stand on guard
Solid waste management in Nairobi city and the town of Limuru, in Kenya
Modelling of changes in electricity end-use and their impacts on electricity distribution
Mean team
Human alternatives : visions for us now
Born of ice
The dream society : how the coming shift from information to imagination will transform your business
International development strategy for the Third United Nations Development Decade
Guilty Gear Xrd : revelator : PS3
Wool
Alternative futures of second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020.
Finnish Society for Futures Studies
Russia : The state and future of the economy
Why cultural studies?
Ghost in the shell. [Volume 2] : Man-machine interface
The beast trilogy. Chapters 1 & 2
The industries of the future
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
Sport management : principles and applications
User experiences and future conceptions about online marketing
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
The fate of Hong Kong
108 tips for time travellers : your essential quide to new technology and the future
A clockwork orange
Magnus robot fighter 4000 A.D. Volume one
Workin' wonderland : where people gravitate and managers navigate
China's economic growth and rebalancing
Born of legend
The Futurist : a magazine of forecasts, trends, and ideas about the future
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
Doing business in Russia : May 2006.
European futures : prospects and issues in science and technology : the FAST II Programme (1984-1987) : summaries of research projects
The future of English? : a guide to forecasting the popularity of the English language in the 21st century
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
The future of Latin America : can the EU help
Global ethics : an overview
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
The thousandth floor
Investigating the futures : recognising creating shared value practices in company integration for creating competitive advantage in future : case Oras Group
The world year book of education. 1972/73, Universities facing the future
Wasteland : The apocalyptic edition. Volume two
Health manpower requirements for the achievement of health for all by the year 2000 through primary health care
A reorientation of health policy goals and strategies
Ready player one
Business information technology management : alternative and adaptive futures
The future of the university : a report to the people by the executive planning committee of the University of Oklahoma
The future of logistics : Scenarios for 2025
How talking computers will recreate an oral culture by mid-21st century
What futurists believe
Born of fire
The future of our past : from ancient Greece to global village
Russ Manning's Magnus robot fighter 4000 A.D. Volume two
What is Europe's future
Born of silence
Education in a new era
The red : first light
Magnus robot fighter
How do local governments change? : variations in time and place for conflicts in different forms
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
The mammoth book of time travel SF
What skills create rural village futures?
Introducing : the journey through forces shaping urban futures
Across the universe
Catching fire
The hunger games
Brave new world
This thought-provoking collection not only takes us into the past and the future, but also explores what might happen if we attempt to manipulate time to our own advantage. These stories show what happen once you start to meddle with time and the paradoxes that might arise. It also raises questions about whether we understand time, and how we perceive it. These are just some of the questions that are raised in these challenging, exciting and sometimes amusing stories by Kage Baker, Simon Clark, Fritz Leiber, Christopher Priest, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Robert Silverberg, Michael Swanwick, John Varley and many others
Korea in the 21st century
In this paper we provide an overview of the growth model in China and its prospects, taking a medium-run to long-run perspective. Our main conclusions are as follows. First, the still prevailing producer-biased model of managed capitalism in China tends to engender, as an inherent byproduct, serious imbalances which cannot be unwound without a fundamental overhaul of the model itself. Second, given the lack of a critical mass of economic reforms thus far, imbalances may (re-)escalate once global and domestic economic conditions normalise. Third, the fundamental factors underpinning growth in China are likely to remain supportive, at least over the medium run. Although this could help mitigate the economic costs of imbalances for some time to come, it could also reduce the incentives for policy-makers to enact much needed reforms. Fourth, delayed policy action and the persistence of the model of growth cum imbalances would increase the risk of China getting caught in the middle-income trap in the long run. Greater political will to redirect China's growth model towards a more sustainable path is therefore needed.  JEL codes: E21, E22, E25, F14, F43, O11, O53. Keywords: economic growth, rebalancing, China, imbalances, middle-income trap. .
Unleashing Web 2.0 : from concepts to creativity
Tax policy in the twenty-first century
The reconstruction of social meaning in the space of flows
Trends of consumer behavior now and in the future in the grocery business
The third revolution : creating unprecedented wealth and happiness for eneryone in the new millennium
The future as an academic discipline
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
Visions of the future : art, technology and computing in the twenty-first century
Communications and the future : prospects, promises, and problems
Future trends in drug formulation development and pharmaceutical manufacturing
Cultural industries : a challenge for the future of culture
From signals to future stories : a handbook for applying foresight in the field of welfare
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Visa for Avalon
The last book in the universe
The ecumenical movement tomorrow : suggestions for approaches and alternatives
Cities of the future? Questions? Nightmares? Dreams?
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Less but better : towards sustainability in the fashion
The library of the future : alternative scenarios for the information profession
Blame!. Volume two
Blame!. Volume three
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
To choose a future : a basis for discussion and deliberations on future studies in Sweden
Visions of a technological future : experience and expectation of progress in the interwar United States
The core of the sun
The dreaming void
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Eejit : a tale of the final fall of man
Precious dragon : a detective inspector Chen novel
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Future challenges for education and learning outcomes
Drednanth : a tale of the final fall of man
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Medicines policy 2020 : the new basis for pharmaceutical policy in Finland
The condition of democracy in Russia, the party system and the State Duma
Xenozoic tales. Volume 2 : The new world
Wisdom, consciousness, and the future : collected essays
Ghost in the shell. [Volume 1]
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Working in the field of Facility Management
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
The game of the urban futures : what it takes to play in the network society?
Ghost in the shell. [Volume 1.5] : Human-error processor
A new beginning : PC DVD-ROM
Quality criteria for scientific futures research
Shades of earth
RESEARCH ON CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT OF AMWAY COMPANY IN CHINA
The estonian path to the green future = Eesti tee rohelisse tulevikku : aulaloeng 6. september 1994
The Four Fingers of Death
The shift omnibus
The mind of a fox : scenario planning in action
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Future of the media : sights from the inside
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
The future of the Finnish education system : results of a forecast model
Fracture me. Book 2
Security studies : an introduction
The Hunger games
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Bonshoon : a tale of the final fall of man
Exploiting scenario planning for strategic assessment of the external business environment : future insights of the European pet food sector
Future information technology poles : where and why?
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Megatrends : ten new directions transforming our lives
The Mexican dream, what drives the Mexican millennial to invest
Abstract.
Futuaeroport II : Visions and futures of service landscape and innovations at tomorrow's airport
This paper assesses the current state and future prospects of the Russian economy after the August 1998 financial crisis.The industrial growth visible since Autumn 1998 may well be unsustainable, as it is based on currency undervaluation and low real wages.Over a longer period, the characteristics of the economic system that has emerged in Russia cast a long shadow over the prospects of growth and prosperity.In fact, the whole country should be rebuilt. .
Son
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
The future of international human rights
Journalism and prophecy 1893 - 1946 : an anthology
Mankind 2000
Essays on managerial myopia and subject positions in companies with different governance structures
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
Studies for the 21st century : a publication of the Institute for 21st century studies
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
Five steps for Finland's future : a high-level round table initiated by the New Club of Paris held in Helsinki, November 11th, 2006 with and for Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen
The mammoth book of futuristic romance
Surviving with the biosphere : proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Environmental Future (4th ICEF), held in Budapest, Hungary, during 22-27 April 1990
Most of the second-generation immigrants in Finland are still rather young, but they will begin to enter the labour market in larger numbers within the next ten years. Thus it is interesting to consider their possible futures on the labour market in advance. This article focuses on the factors influencing the labour market performance of second-generation immigrants in Finland, and on the pathways to alternative possible futures. The data for this study was mainly gathered by means of a futures workshop, a qualitative method of studying the future. It was supplemented by a questionnaire and interviews, and in total there were 13 informants. According to the workshop participants the factors which most influence the labour market opportunities of second-generation immigrants are social networks, attitudes, structural obstacles, level of education, language skills, personality, appearance, and family. The scenarios created on the basis of the findings of the workshop and the questionnaire portray alternative futures, and show that positive as well as negative developments are possible. The overall tone of the findings was quite optimistic, and there seemed to be a belief in equal opportunities. This is in contrast with findings in other European countries, and it would be useful to address possible problems before they become engrained..
The futures of cultures
Gathering blue
Blame!. Volume four
Memory of water
Shadow pavilion : a detective inspector Chen novel
Economic outlook
An introduction to book history
After rebalance : visions for the future of US foreign policy and global role beyond 2016
Future of entrepreneurship in Finland : perspective on the entrepreneurship education
Stranger from somewhere in time
The steel spring
Ten reflections on the Constitutional Treaty for Europe
The future of facility management in Finland
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Concepting the hotel for tomorrow
The year 2000 : A framework for speculation on the next thirty-three years
Russ Manning's Magnus, robot fighter 4000 A.D. Volume three
