http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8171 nuclear waste
nuclear waste
Executive summary and recommendations (s. 9-20).
Classification of radioactive waste : a safety guide
Nuclear energy in Finland
International code comparison for intermediate energy nuclear data = Comparaison internationale de codes pour le calcul de données nucléaires aux énergies intermédiaires
Physics of plutonium recycling : a report. Vol. 1, Issues and perspectives
Test manufacture of the canister insert I35
Identifying remaining socio-technical challenges at the national level: Finland : working paper (WP 1 - MS 5)
Geophysical borehole logging of the boreholes KR23 extension, KR29 and KR29b at Olkiluoto 2004
Effects of salinity and high pH on crushed rock and bentonite : experimental work and modelling
Injection grout for deep repositories - low -pH cementitious grout for larger fractures: Field testing in Finland, pilot tests
Visitor centres at nuclear facility sites : proceedings of an international seminar, Madrid (Spain) 2-5 November 1992 = Les centres de visiteurs sur les sites d'installations nucléaires : compte rendu d'un séminaire international, Madrid (Espagne) 2-5 novembre 1992.
Horizontal loop electromagnetic (HLEM) and magnetic ground surveys at Olkiluoto 2004
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
Point load test results from Olkiluoto area borehole cores
Storage of spent fuel elements : proceedings of the NEA seminar, Madrid, June 1978, organised by the OECD Nuclear Energy Agency in collab, with the Junta de Energia Nuclear
Siting of geological disposal facilities : a safety guide
Summary report of the experiences from TVO's site investigations
The hazards arising out of the peaceful use of nuclear energy : selective bibliography = Les risques resultant de l'utilisation pacifique de l'energie nucleaire
Management of radioactive wastes : issues for local authories : proceedings of the UK Nuclear Free Local Authorities annual confrerence 1997 held at Town House, Kirkcaldy, fife on October 1997
Swedish nuclear regulatory activities : report. Vol. 1, An assessment
Mechanical stability of bentonite buffer system for high level nuclear waste
Bentonite in nuclear waste disposal : economical, geological and safety constraints
Seabed disposal of high-level radioactive waste : a status report on the NEA coordinated research programme
Assessment of the neutron and gamma sources of the spent BWR fuel : interim report on Task FIN JNT A 1071 of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safeguards
Shaft shock absorber tests fo a spent fuel canisters
TKS-2003 : nuclear waste management of the Olkiluoto and Loviisa power plants : programme for research, development and technical design for 2003-2006
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 11, Barents Sea
Hydraulic and hydrochemical characterisation of argillaceous rocks : proceedings of an International Workshop, Nottingham, United Kingdom, 7-9 June 1994
VSP survey at Hästholmen in Loviisa, 1997 : boreholes HH-KR1, HH-KR2 and HH-KR3
Activity inventory of the activated decommissioning waste in the Olkiluoto Power Plant
Further development of the structure and fabrication of the final disposal canister : fabrication and costs of the canister
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Summary (s. 7).
Nuclear waste : state of-the-art reports 2001
Injection grout for deep repositories - low -pH cementitious grout for larger fractures: testing technical performance of materials
VVER-1000 SFAT - specification of an industrial prototype : interim report on task FIN A 1073 of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safegards
Radiation and society : comprehending radiation risk : proceedings of an International Conference on Radiation and Society : Comprehending Radiation Risk : held in Paris, 24-28 October 1994. Vol. 2
Spent BWR fuel characterisation combining a fork detector with gamma spectrometry : raport on task JNT A 1071 FIN of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safeguards
Production methods and costs of oxygen free copper canisters for nuclear waste disposal
Use of the 14C-PMMA and He-gas methods to characterise excavation disturbance in crystalline rock
Physics of plutonium recycling : a report. Vol. 4, Fast plutonium-burner reactors : beginning of life : benchmark results analysis
KYT 2010 review report
Solubility database for TILA-99
Geophysical borehole logging of the borehole PH1 in Olkiluoto, Eurajoki 2004
Community divided : adaptation and aversion towards the spent nuclear fuel repository in Eurajoki and its neighbouring municipalities
Effects of repository orientations on mass fluxes
Nuclear waste state-of-the-art report 2013 : final repository application under review: supplementary information and alternative futures : translation of SOU 2013:11
Options, experience and trends in spent nuclear fuel management
The geology of the Kivetty area : summary report
Construction of nuclear power and extension to a final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel
Modelling of fracture geometry in the preliminary site investigations for a nuclear waste repository
Nuclear safety : a Community approach
The design analysis of ACP-canister for nuclear waste disposal
Validation of a numerical release model (REPCOM) for the Finnish reactor waste disposal systems. Part 4, Intermediate results from the laboratory measurements 1986-1988
The angry genie : one man's walk through the nuclear age
Executive summary (s. 8-9).
Activity inventory of the activated decommissioning waste of the Loviisa nuclear power plant
Injection grout for deep repositories - low pH cementitious injection grout for larger fractures : testing effect of superplasticizer on technical performance
Bedrock model of the Olkiluoto site, KR8 sub-volume, version 2002/1-2
Nuclear waste and the environment : proceedings from an international seminar on Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and its role in connection with the final disposal of nuclear waste, Lulee, Sweden, 24-26 October 1994 : a National Council for Nuclear Waste (KASAM) report
NDA techniques for spent fuel verification and radiation monitoring : report on activities 6a and 6b of task JNT C799 (Sagor)
Studies on coupled hydromechanical effects in single fractures : a contribution to Decovalex II Task 3 "Constitutive relationships of rock joints"
Creep in crystalline rock with application to high level nuclear waste repository
Long-term properties of TVO's bituminized resins
Proceedings of the NEA Workshop on System Performance Assessments for Radioactive Waste Disposal : Paris 22nd-24th October 1985 = Compte rendu de la réunion de travail de l'AEN sur l'évaluation des performances des systèmes d'évacuation des déchtes radioactifs
Radioactive waste management programmes in OECD/NEA member countries
Validation of a numerical release model (REPCOM) for the Finnish reactor waste disposal systems. Part 5, Intermediate results from the laboratory measurements 1986-1990
Seismic emissions induced by the excavations of the rock repository in Loviisa
Final disposal of spent nuclear fuel into the Finnish bedrock : summary
Nuclear waste state of the art report 2012 : long-term safety, accidents and global survey : report from the Swedish National Council for Nuclear Waste
Geophysical borehole logging and optical imaging of the pilot hole ONK-PH2
Executive summary (s. 9-10).
Referat (1 s.).
Validation of a numerical release model (REPCOM) for the Finnish operating waste disposal systems. Part 6, Intermediate results from the laboratory measurements 1986-1993
Abstract (s. 5).
The economics of the nuclear fuel cycle
Technical exercise and demonstration of the spent fuel attribute tester at the TVO NPS in Finland, 19.-23.3.1990 : final report on Task 416 of the Finnish Support Programme to IAEA Safeguards
Referat. - Abstract.
High-level dollars, low-level sense : a critique of present policy for the management of long-lived radioactive wastes and discussion of an alternative approach
Issues on high-level nuclear waste transmutation
Updating international nuclear law : papers derived from the Conference on the Human Right to a Sae and healthful Environment and the responsibilities Under International law of Operators of Nuclear Facilities, held in Salzburg, Austria, October 20-23, 2005
Effects of fuel burn-up and cooling periods on thermal responses in a repository for spent nuclear fuel
TKS-2003 : nuclear waste management of the Olkiluoto and Loviisa power plants : programme for research, development and technical design for 2004-2006
Storage with surveillance versus immediate decommissioning for nuclear reactors : proceedings of an NEA workshop, Paris, 22-24 October 1984 = Stockage sous surveillance ou déclassement immédiat des réacteurs nucléaires : compte rendu d'une réunion de travail de l'AEN
Too dumb to meter
Long-term durability experiments with concrete-based waste packages in simulated repository conditions
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear waste management programme : report of the WATRP review team
Geological and geotechnical mapping procedures in use in the ONKALO
Radiation and society : comprehending radiation risk : proceedings of an International Conference on Radiation and Society : Comprehending Radiation Risk. Vol. 3, Addresses, papers and summaries of technical and forum discussions of the IAEA Conference, Paris, 24-28 October 1994
Geophysical investigations in the Kivetty area, Finland : summary report
Handbook on nuclear law
Validation of a numerical release model (REPCOM) for the Finnish reactor waste disposal systems. Part 3, Comparison of calculated results and intermediate laboratory measurements after the first year
VSP survey at Hästholmen in Loviisa, 1998 : boreholes HH-KR4, HH-KR5 and HH-KR6
Nuclear waste state of the art report 2011 : geology, barriers, alternatives : the Swedish National Council for Nuclear Waste report
Optical imaging of the boreholes KR25, KR26, KR27 and KR28 at Olkiluoto 2004
Environmental and ethical aspects of long-lived radioactive waste disposal : proceedings of an International Workshop : Paris, 1-2 September 1994
Decommissioning of nuclear facilities : feasibility, needs and costs
Proceedings of the seminar on remote handling equipment for nuclear fuel cycle facilities, Oxford, 2nd-5th October 1984 = Compte rendu du séminaire sur le matériel de télémanipulation pour les installations du cycle du combustible nucléaire, Oxford, 2-5 Octobre 1984
Government decision on the safety of disposal of spent nuclear fuel : (478/1999)
Validation of a numerical release model (REPCOM) for the Finnish reactor waste disposal systems. Part 2, Intermediate results from the laboratory measurements
Light-weight double packer equipment for water sampling and hydraulic measurements in deep drill holes
Stability and buffering capacity of the geosphere for long-term isolation of radioactive waste : application to argillaceous media : "Clay Club" workshop proceedings, Braunschweig, Germany, 9-11 December 2003
JYT : Publicly Financed Nuclear Waste Management Research Programme : annual report 1991
Bedrock model of the Olkiluoto area : summary report
Sorption of plutonium on rocks in groundwaters from Posiva investigation sites
Fracture zone analysis of borehole data in three crystalline rock sites in Finland : the principal component analysis approach
Survey of methods for the study of the bentonite microstructure and its relevance to hydration
Binding models concerning natural organic substances in performance assessment : proceedings of an NEA Workshop, Bad Zurzach, Switzerland, 14-16 September 1994
Geological repository systems for safe disposal of spent nuclear fuels and radioactive waste
Nuclear waste research
Summary (s. 9-12).
The politics of radioactive waste disposal
Physics of plutonium recycling : a report. Vol. 3, Void reactivity effect in pressurized-water reactors : benchmark results analysis
Geophysical investigations of the Romuvaara area, Finland : summary report
Sweden's second national report under the Joint Convention on the safety of spent fuel management and on the safety of radioactive waste management : Swedish implementation of the obligations of the Joint Convention
Establishing baseline conditions and monitoring during construction of the Olkiluoto URCF access ramp
Evidence from mineralogy and geochemistry for the evolution of groundwater systems during the quaternary for use in radioactive waste repository safety assessment (EQUIP project) : final report
Nuclear materials
Borehole and shaft plugging
Long-term radiological aspects of management of wastes from uranium mining and milling : report of a group experts..
Decommissioning of nuclear facilities : an analysis of the variability of decommissioning cost estimates
Risk analysis in nuclear waste management : proceedings of the ISPRA-course held at the Joint Research Centre, Ispra, Italy, 30 May-3 June 1988
Nuclear waste state of the art report 2010 : challenges for the final repository programme : the Swedish National Council for Nuclear Waste report
Safe handling and storage of high level radioactive waste : a condensed version of the proposals of the Swedish KBS-project regarding reprocessing waste, spent fuel
Evaluation of speciation technology : workshop proceedings, Tokai-mura, Ibaraki, Japan, 26-28 October 1999.
Nuclear waste disposal under the seabed : assesing the policy issues
Tracer migration in crystalline rock : application to geological barriers of nuclear waste storage
REFREP : a near-field model for a spent fuel repository
Calculated risks : highly radioactive waste and homeland security
Decision making for complex socio-technical systems : robustness from lessons learned in long-term radioactive waste governance
PSACOIN level 0 intercomparison : an international code intercomparison exercise on a hypothetical safety assessment case study for radioactive waste disposal systems
Hydraulically conductive fractures and their properties in boreholes KR4 and KR7-KR10 at Olkiluoto site
Rock strength and deformation dependence on schistosity : simulation of rock with PFC3D
Design and operation of radioactive waste incineration facilities
The Use of Thermodynamic Databases in Performance Assessment : workshop proceedings, Barcelona, Spain, 29-30 May, 2000.
Spent fuel verification options for final repository safeguards in Finland : a study on verification methods, their feasibility and safety aspects
Modelling hydrological and chemical phenomena during interaction of bentonite and high pH plume
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
Regulatory reviews of assessments of deep geologic repositories : lessons learnt = Évaluation des dépôts géologiques profonds dans un contexte réglementaire : enseignements tirés
Publicly Administrated Nuclear Waste Management Research Programme 1994-1996 : final report
Executive summary, conclusions and recommendations (s. 11-17).
SKB/TVO ice age scenario : November 1990 : final draft
Safety analysis for disposal of high level reprocessing waste or spent fuel in crystalline rock
Normal evolution of a spent fuel repository at the candidate sites in Finland
Review of sorption and diffusion parameters for TVO-92
Chemical evolution of bentonite buffer in a final repository of spent nuclear fuel during the thermal phase
Fukushima effect : a new geopolitical terrain
Establishment of IAEA knowledge of integrity of the geological repository boundaries and disposed spent fuel assemblies in the context of the Finnish geological repository : Experts' Group meeting Report on Task JNT/C 1204 of the Member States' Support Programme to IAEA Safeguards
The international politics of nuclear waste
XAS methods in understanding chemical processes relevant to nuclear waste disposal : a literature review
Application in the Nordic countries of international radioactive waste recommendations
Public confidence in the management of radioactive waste : the Canadian context : workshop proceedings, Ottawa, Canada, 14-18 October 2002
Digital borehole imaging of the boreholes KR24 upper part and PH1 at Olkiluoto, March 2004
Physics of plutonium recycling. Vol. 6, Multiple Pu recycling in advanced PWRs
Mechanical analysis of cylindrical part of canisters for spent nuclear fuel
JYT : Publicly Financed Nuclear Waste Management Research Programme : annual report 1992
Bedrock model of the Romuvaara area : summary report
Terrestrial heat flow in Finland, the central Fennoscandian Shield
Further development of the structure and fabrication of the final disposal canister : test fabrication of seamless copper canisters with the pierce and draw method (T35 & T36)
Discrete fracture network modelling of a KBS-3H repository at Olkiluoto
The Swedish National Council for Nuclear Waste's review of the Swedish Nuclear Fuel and Waste Management CO's (SKB'S) RD&D programme 2010 : translation of SOU 2011:50
Results of monitoring at Olkiluoto in 2004 : foreign materials
Referat.
Modelling approach for geochemical changes in the prototype repository engineering barrier system
Social scientific nuclear waste risk assessment in the Barents region
Waste management profiles : data from the waste management data base
Final disposal of spent nuclear fuel : why? where? how? when?
Rock suitability classicication RSC 2012
Final disposal of spent nuclear fuel in Finnish bedrock : Kivetty site report
Physics of plutonium recycling : a report. Vol. 2, Plutonium recycling in pressurized-water reactors : benchmark results analysis
Executive summary (s. 11-13).
Fracture mapping from Olkiluoto borehole image data, 2001
Nuclear waste : state of-the-art report 2007 -responsibility of current generation, freedom of future generations
Diffusion of water, cesium and neptunium in pores of rocks
Comparing the effects of two ONKALO access ramp alternatives with numerical and analytical modeling
Safety and performance assessment of geologic disposal systems for nuclear wastes
Solubility of thorium in 0.1 M NaCl solution and in saline and fresh anoxic reference groundwater
JYT 2 : Publicly Administrated Nuclear Waste Management Research Programme 1994-1996 : general plan for the research programme and research plan for 1994.
Physics of plutonium recycling : a report. Vol. 5, Plutonium recycling in fast reactors : benchmark results analysis
The behaviour of natural radionuclides in and around uranium deposits. Nr. 7, Progress report 1993
Radioactive waste management in perspective : Nuclear energy and information
Conceptual and analytical modelling of fracture zone aquifers in hard rock - Implications of pumping tests in the Pohjukansalo well field. eastern-central Finland
Petrophysical properties of 24 minidrill samples from Olkiluoto
Final disposal of spent nuclear fuel in Finnish bedrock : Hästholmen site report
High level radioactive waste (HLW) disposal : a global challenge
Olkiluodon vierailukeskuksen näyttely = Visitors centre at Olkiluoto
Geoval '94 : validation through model testing : proceedings of an NEA/SKI Symposium, Paris, France, 11-14 October 1994
Tom Clancy's power plays : cold war
Safety case for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel at Olkiluoto : models and data for the repository system 2012.
Dry storage of spent fuel elements : proceedings of an NEA Specialist Workshop, Madrid, 11-13 May 1982 = Stockage a sec des elements combustibles irradies : compte rendu d'une réunion de spécialistes de l'AEN
Risk and society : the interaction of science, technology and public policy
Proceedings of an NEA Workshop on Uncertainty Analysis for Performance Assessments of Radioactive Waste Disposal Systems : Seattle, United States, 24-26 February 1987
Sorption of cesium on Olkiluoto mica gneiss, granodiorite and granite
Spent fuel encapsulation and verification : safeguards workshop in Helsinki, Finland, 19-20 December 2000 : phase II interim report on task FIN C1184 of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safegurads
Criticality safety calculations for three types of final disposal canisters
Executive summary (s. 7-8). Summary, conclusions, recommendations (s. 74-76).
No immediate danger : prognosis for a radioactive earth
