http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8172 chin
chin jaw
Orthognathic surgery and rigid internal fixation : myths and misconceptions
Summary (s. 43).
Bone health, osteoporosis and fracture risk in neurofibromatosis 1 : an emphasis on osteoclasts
Fractures of condyloid process of mandible : a clinical, pantomographic and electromyographic study
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Woelfel ́s dental anatomy : its relevance to dentistry
Unilateral lengthening of the mandible by distraction osteogenesis : an experimental study on sheep
Whip spiders (Chelicerata: Amblypygi) : their biology, morphology and systematics
Distraction osteogenesis of irradiated rabbit mandible with and without hyperbaric oxygen therapy
Manual physical therapy of the spine
Temporomandibular disorders
The primordial cyst : a clinical and radiographic study
Tyrosine derived polycarbonate membrane is useful for guided bone regeneration in rabbit mandibular defects
Summary.
Pathology and intervention in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
Applicability of cone-beam computed tomography in craniofacial imaging in comparison to other radiological methods
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
The minimization of morbidity in cranio-maxillofacial osseous reconstruction : bone graft harvesting and coral-derived granules as a bone graft substitute
Biodegradable self-reinforced polylactide plates and screws in the fixation of osteotomies in the mandible : an experimental study
An epidemiological study of patterns of condylar fractures in children
A two-year follow-up of temporomandibular joint disk displacement without reduction in 22 subjects
Oral health in type 2 diabetic patients
A comparative study of the effectiveness of a prefabricated appliance and a tabilization appliance in the treatment of myhofascial pain and headache
Childhood sleep-disordered breathing : dentofacial and pharyngeal characteristics
Resilient appliance therapy of temporomandibular disorders : subdiagnoses, sense of coherence and treatment outcome
Oral radiology : principles and interpretation
On tissue reactions to and resorption of bone substitutes
Bioabsorbable tyrosine-derived polycarbonate in guided bone regeneration : an experimental study
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose <i>(Alces alces)</i>
Biomechanical investigation of the mandible, a related donor site and reconstructions for optimal load-bearing
Oral and temporomandibular joint findings in rheumatic diseases
Cone beam computed tomography in oral radiology
Growth of the costochondral junction and its potential applicability for the reconstruction of the mandibular condyle
Thermogenic mechanisms during the development of endothermy in juvenile birds
Oral and temporomandibular joint findings in rheumatic disease
Spinal manual therapy : an introduction to soft tissue mobilization, spinal manipulation, therapeutic, and home exercises
Complications and compromised healing in mandibular bilateral sagittal split osteotomies
Rigid internal fixation of mandibular fractures : with special reference to complications of different techniques : a clinical study
Occlusal imbalance and temporomandibular disorders in the elderly
Epidemiology, management and outcome of facial injuries
A clinical guide to temporomandibular disorders
Cysts of the oral and maxillofacial regions
Evaluation of the correlation box (Segner) for characterization of the facial skeleton
Bioactive glass as a bone substitute material in oral and maxillofacial surgery
Treatment of condylar fractures : closed versus open reduction
Identification and characterization of gelatinases/type IV collagenases in jaw cysts
Tumors and cysts of the jaws
Magnetic resonance imaging in patients with temporomandibular disorders and pain
Effects of unilateral masticatory function on craniofacial and temporomandibular joint growth : an experimental study
Magnetic resonance imaging of the lateral pterygoid muscle in temporomandibular disorders
Neurosensory disturbance after bilateral sagittal split osteotomy
The effect of violin and viola playing on bony facial structures and on frequency of temporomandibular disorders
Use of fiber-reinforced composite framework and thermochromic pigment in facial prostheses
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose (Alces alces)
With more than 1,000 high-quality radiographs and illustrations, Oral Radiology: Principles and Interpretation, 7th Edition visually demonstrates the basic principles of oral and maxillofacial radiology along with their clinical application. First, you'll gain a solid foundation in radiation physics, radiation biology, and radiation safety and protection. Then you'll learn intraoral and extraoral imaging techniques, including specialized techniques such as MRI and CT. The second half of the book focuses on how to recognize the radiographic features of pathologic conditions and interpret radiographs accurately. This edition also includes new chapters on forensics and cone-beam imaging. Written by oral radiology experts Stuart White and Michael Pharoah, this bestselling book helps you provide state-of-the-art care! An easy-to-follow format simplifies the key radiographic features of each pathologic condition, including location, periphery, shape, internal structure, and effects on surrounding structures - placed in context with clinical features, differential diagnosis, and management. UPDATED information addresses the etiology and diagnosis of diseases and pathologic conditions in the orofacial region. Updated coverage of all aspects of oral radiology includes the entire predoctoral curriculum. A wide array of radiographs including advanced imaging such as MRI and CT. Hundreds of drawings are updated and rendered in full color. Case studies apply imaging concepts to real-world scenarios. Expert contributors include many authors with worldwide reputations. Chapter bibliographies and suggested readings make it easier to conduct further research. NEW chapter on cone-beam imaging keeps you current with emerging field requirements. NEW coverage of cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) includes more of the normal anatomy of cross-sectional images of the maxilla and mandible along with variations of normal anatomy.
Rotation of the maxillomandibular complex : an alternative treatment design in orthognathic surgery
Optimization of postoperative pain prevention in outpatient oral and maxillofacial surgery
Edentulous jaws and resorption of residual alveolar bone : a radiographic and epidemiologic study of the home-living elderly
Does clicking in adolescence lead to painful temporomandibular joint locking?
Quantitative assessment of vertical heights of maxillary and mandibular bones in panoramic radiographs of elderly dentate and edentulous subjects
Spatial and temporal variation is a universal feature in most organisms in nature, commonly reflecting the past evolutionary history of the species as well as the prevailing environmental conditions. The purpose of this doctoral thesis study was to investigate the genetic and phenotypic variation, and to assess the roles of the different processes affecting them in the moose (Alces alces). Altogether 809 DNA samples of moose, gathered throughout Finland and the Republic of Karelia in Russia, were analysed with a variety of population genetic methods. Furthermore, the shape of the moose mandible was investigated with the help of geometric morphometrics using a subset of samples gathered from 179 moose in Finland. This study showed that the Finnish and especially the Karelian moose population harboured relatively high genetic diversity, albeit with clear regional differences in its spatial distribution. In the northern half of Finland, a secondary contact of two diverged mitochondrial lineages was revealed. The presence of the two lineages was interpreted to reflect the existence of allopatric refugia of moose during the Last Glacial Maximum and the subsequent bi-directional recolonisation of Fennoscandia. Furthermore, a spatially explicit Bayesian clustering analysis suggested existence of three genetic clusters, which were estimated to have split after the post-glacial recolonisation. The results also showed that past declines in the moose numbers during the 18th and 19th centuries led to population bottlenecks, leaving a genetic imprint. Thus, the present moose population in eastern Fennoscandia carries the signs of both ancient and more recent events in its genetic composition. Finally, a significant latitudinal shift was revealed in the shape of the moose mandible. The pattern was considered independent of the genetic clustering of the population. The main changes included an enlargement of the attachment surfaces of the muscles controlling biting and mastication, implying more effective mastication in the north compared with the south, possibly an adaptive response to a longer period of hard wintertime diet. The results of this thesis encourage continuation of studies on the moose in order to fully reveal the impact of particular historical events and especially anthropogenic factors on the genetic and phenotypic variation of this species. They also provide the starting point for ‘genetically enlightened’ moose management and conservation in Finland.
Prevalence of radiographic alveolar bone loss in young adults, a multinational stydy
Lag-screw fixation of anterior mandibular fractures using biodegradable polylactide screws : a preliminary report
Abstract.
Consequences of alveolar bone loss - guidelines for treatment planning
Resorption of mandibular canal wall in the edentulous aged population
Essentials of facial growth
Development of porous glass-fiber reinforced composite for bone implants : evaluation of antimicrobial effect and implant fixation
Orofacial dysfunction and development of occlusion : a longitudinal study of articulatory speech disorders, craniomandibular disorders and orofacial motor skills in children from 7 to 10 years of age
Trigeminal foraminal patterns in "skeletal" class II and class III adults - a radiocephaolmetric study
Inferior alveolar nerve injury associated with mandibular sagittal split osteotomy : diagnosis, risks and recovery
Maxillofacial trauma & esthetic facial reconstruction
Temporomandibular disorders in the elderly : a 5-year follow-up of signs and symptoms of TMD
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
Effect of estrogen and dietary loading on rat condylar cartilage
Head and face pain syndromes
Jaw cyst matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and inhibition of MMPs by bisphosphonates
Summary and 6 excerpts.
Oral health among Finns aged 60 years and older : edentulousness, fixed prostheses, dental infections detected from radiographs and their associating factors
Rigid internal fixation of the mandible using biodegradable polylactide screws and metal screws : a clinical and experimental study : by Ilkka Kallela
Effect of treatment of severe malocclusion and related factors on oral health-related quality of life
Effect of perioperative dexamethasone on surgical site healing in patients with facial fractures
Oral and maxillofacial pathology
The effect of anticancer therapy on craniofacial growth : a macroscopic experimental and clinical study
Height of mandibular basal bone in dentate and edentulous subjects
