http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8176 samurais
samurais
Rurouni Kenshin : Meiji Swordsman Romantic Story : Vol 1.
The harsh cry of the heron
Samurai executioner. Volume 4 : Portrait of death
Samurai executioner. Volume 2 : Two bodies, two minds
The Zen way to the martial arts : a Japanese master reveals the secrets of the samurai
Samurai executioner. Volume 9 : Facing life and death
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 30] : Vigilance
Samurai : the weapons and spirit of the Japanese warrior
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 18 : travels with Jotaro / introduction by Peter Laird
The code of the samurai
Legend of the five rings : game master's guide
Samurai executioner. Volume 10 : A couple of jitte
Samurai : the story of Japan's noble warriors
Lethal elegance : the art of samurai sword fittings
Samurai : an illustrated history
365 samurai and a few bowls of rice
Ideals of the samurai : writings of Japanese warriors
The shogun's scroll : wield power and control your destiny
For honor : Xbox One
S. 60-63: Warrior words. - S. 64: Index
Ronin Hood of the 47 Samurai
Secrets of the Samurai : a survey of the martial arts of Feudal Japan
Lone Wolf and Cub. Omnibus 2
Samurai warlords : the book of the daimyo
Hagakure : the book of the samurai
Path of the assassin. [Volume 5 : Battle of one hundred and eight days]
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 13 : Grey shadows / introduction by Max Allan Collins
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 10 : The brink of life and death
The samurai
Across a bridge of dreams
Samurai executioner. Volume 5 : Ten fingers, one life
Path of the assassin. Volume 11 : Hikuma castle
Path of the assassin. [Volume 4 : The man who altered the river's flow]
The cycle of water
The Samurai : recreated in colour photographs
Path of the assassin. Volume 10 : Battle for power. Part two
Shinku. Volume 1 : "Throne of blood"
Path of the assassin. Volume 7 : Center of the world
Against a background of wild forest, elegant castles, hidden temples and savage battlefields, the adventure that began with 'Emperor of the Eight Islands' draws to its thrilling conclusion. The rightful emperor is lost. Shikanoko is condemned to live, half-man and half-deer, an outlaw in the Darkwood. Yet the mighty lords who now rule the Eight Islands are prey to suspicion and illness, and drought and famine choke the realm. Only Shikanoko can bring healing, by restoring the preordained ruler to the Lotus Throne. And only one person can bring him back from the Darkwood.
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 15 : Grasscutter II : Journey to Atsuta shrine / introduction by Greg Rucka
Samurai swords : a collector's guide to Japanese swords
Of nightingales that weep
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 10 : The brink of life and death / introduction by Kurt Busiek
For honor : PS4
Path of the assassin. Volume 14 : Bad blood
The pillow book of the flower samurai
Arms and armor of the samurai : the history of weaponry in ancient Japan
Swords of the Samurai
Legend of the scarlet blades
Princess Mononoke : first story
A Samurai warrior
Legend of the five rings
The art of the samurai : Yamamoto Tsunetomo's Hagakure, the new illustrated edition of the classic Japanese warrior code
Lords of the Samurai : the legacy of a Daimyo family
Gin Tama. 1 : Nobody with naturally wavy hair can be that bad
Blade of the immortal. Vol 4 : On silent wings / translation by Dana Lewis & Toren Smith ; lettering and retouch Tomoko Saito
Legend of the five rings : roleplaying game
The cycle of air
House of five leaves. 1
Samurai executioner. Volume 3 : The hell stick
Samurai warriors
Bushido : the soul of Japan : [a classic essay on samurai ethics]
Lord of the Darkwood
Samurai executioner. Volume 6 : Shinko the Kappa
The cycle of fire
Samurai : heaven and earth. Volume 2
Gin Tama. 2 : Fighting should be done with fists
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 16 : the shrouded moon
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 17 : duel at Kitanoji
Lone Wolf and Cub. Omnibus 1
The Black Lotus
Path of the assassin. [Volume 3 : Comparison of a man]
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 14 : Demon mask / introduction by Paul Dini
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 9 : Daisho / introduction by James Robinson
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 26 : Traitors of the earth
Path of the assassin. [Volume 1 : Serving in the dark]
Samurai : heaven and earth. Volume 1
Samurai executioner. Volume 8 : The death sign of spring
Japanese swords : Cultural icons of a nation ; The history, metallurgy and iconography of the Samurai swords
The way of the lion
Path of the assassin. Volume 9 : Battle for power. Part one
The lone samurai : the life of Miyamoto Musashi
Path of the assassin. Volume 12 : Three foot battle
Samurai executioner. Volume 1 : When the demon knife weeps
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 29] : Beyond Good and Evil
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 27 : A town called hell
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 11 : Seasons / Return to Adachi Plain inked by Sergio Aragonés ; introduction by Lynn Johnston
The book of the sword
Samurai religion. 2, The Akō affair : A practical example of Bushidō
Usagi Yojimbo : the special edition
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 28] : Raining chaos
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 5 : Lone goat and kid
The hagakure : a code to the way of the samurai
Warriors
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 8 : Shades of death / introduction by William Stout
The cycle of earth
The Samurai
What life was like among samurai and shoguns Japan AD 1000 - 1700
The heart of the Warrior : origins and religious background of the Samurai system in feudal Japan
The way of the samurai
The Japanese sword : the soul of the samurai
The samurai : a military history
Mastering the samurai sword : a full-color, step-by-step guide
Little inchkin : A tale of old Japan
Samurai executioner. Volume 7 : The bamboo splitter
The samurai sourcebook
The rise and fall of the gunbatsu : a study in military history
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 19 : Fathers and sons
Emperor of the eight islands
Samurai religion. 1, Some aspects of warrior manners and customs in feudal Japan
Gin Tama. 7 : You always remember the things that matter the least
Hagakure : the code of the samurai
Path of the assassin. Volume 13 : Hateful burden
Samurai religion. 2, The Ako affair : a practical example of Bushido
The immortal : Demon in the blood
Legends of the samurai
Path of the assassin. Volume 8 : Shinobi with extending fists
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 31] : Final Curtain
Kendō : its philosophy, history and means to personal growth
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 28 : Red scorpion
Path of the assassin. Volume 6 : Life's greatest difficulty
Japanese sword fighting : secrets of the samurai
Bushido : the soul of Japan
Usagi Yojimbo. Book 12 : Grasscutter / introduction by Will Eisner
Path of the assassin. [Volume 2 : Sand and flower]
House of five leaves. 2
