http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8184 turbines
turbines
Elements of gas turbine propulsion
Pounder's marine diesel engines and gas turbines
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Offshore windpower
Testing, comissioning and additional development of neural network application for condition monitoring of wind turbine drive train
Turbine steam path : mechanical design and manufacture : Volume IIIb
WW721 replacement with a MCM-11 speed controller : Technical specification
Fluid mechanics with engineering applications
The tesla disc turbine
Sixth international conference on turbocharging and air management systems, 3-5 November 1998 IMechE HQ, London, UK
Jet engines : fundamentals of theory, design and operation
Windturbines : fundamentals, technologies, application, economics
Fundamentals of gas turbines
Covering the full range of material needed by civil engineering students in their study of hydraulics, this new edition includes hydraulic structures and an introduction to hydrology. Self-test questions, with answers, are included.
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 2, Diesel engines - exhaust emission, Gas turbines - exhaust emission, Fuels, lubricants, tribology, Components
Wind turbine operation in cold climate
Working fluid selection and design of small-scale waste heat recovery systems based on organic Rankine cycles
A practical guide to steam turbine technology
The off-grid energy handbook
Wind energy technology
Wind energy explained : theory, design and application
Wind power integration : connection and system operational aspects
Build your own small wind power system
Small-scale wind power : design, analysis, and environmental impacts
Wind energy - impact of turbulence
Small wind turbines : analysis, design, and application
Turboexpanders and process applications
Study and comparison of oil units as per American Petroleum Institute 614 (API 614) standard with European standard
Lightweight, liquid-cooled, direct-drive generator for high-power wind turbines : motivation, concept, and performance
Wind Energy : A Reference Handbook
Numerical modelling of small supersonic axial flow turbines
Steam turbine theory and practice : a textbook for engineering students
Wind energy basics : a guide to small and micro wind systems
Wind turbine technology
Power system stability and control
This comprehensive survey features over 140 striking illustrations that examine the history of wind turbine technology's association with coastal breezes and the current movement of locating wind turbines offshore.
Offshore wind turbines : reliability, availability and maintenance
100 years of power plant development : focus on steam and gas turbines as prime movers
Chemical process engineering : design and economics
Wind turbine control systems : principles, modelling and gain scheduling design
Gas turbine theory
Steam plant operation
Thermodynamics : concepts and applications
Control of variable speed wind turbines
Development of an online monitoring system for combustion dynamics
Onshore and offshore wind energy : an introduction
Vertically and Horizontally Mounted Wind Mills : Wind Energy Production in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Incompressible flow turbomachines : design, selection, applications, and theory
Understanding hydraulics
Modern power station practice : incorporating modern power system practice. Vol. H, Station commissioning
Wind Turbine Technology
Developing and testing power control for wind power model
Aircraft & rocket turbines : advances in physics and design
Principles of turbomachinery
Fundamentals of jet propulsion with applications
Mechanics and thermodynamics of propulsion
Wind turbine control system analysis and design
Performance prediction of gas turbines by solving a system of non-linear equations
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 3, User aspects, Gas engines, Electronics, Integrated systems
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 6, Turbine, boiler, diesel engine, shafting and propeller
"This new edition adds a chapter on distributed wind power generation, and the rest of the material will be updated throughout. Also, it adds practical uses for wind power, such as municipal street lighting, industrial refrigeration, telecommunications, etc. It will also examine the history of wind energy, and provide ample reasons to shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy. It will cover the characteristics of wind, such as shear, power potential, and turbulence, and discuss the measurement and siting of individual wind turbines and wind farms. The text will present the design, aerodynamics, operation, control, applications, and different types of wind turbines. It will also explore the wind industry from its inception in the 1970s to today as well as the political and economic factors regarding the adoption of wind as an energy source. "--
Large power steam turbines : design and operation. Volume 1, Design
Prime movers for generation of electricity : A : steam turbines
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 1, Diesel engines - product development slow/medium/high speed, Gas turbines - product development new machines/applications
Info package of wind energy
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 4, Integrated systems, Fuels, lubricants, tribology
Design techniques for engine manifolds : wave action methods for IC engines
Baltica 4 : plant maintenance for managing life & performance, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 7-9 September, 1998. Vol. 1
Microgrid modelling and simulation
Theory and design of steam and gas turbines
Environmental wind engineering and design of wind energy structures
Combined heat and power : Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers : International Conference, 11-12 October 1994, Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Birdcage Walk, London
William P. Sanders, prominent expert in the field of steam turbines, brings the information and expertise of his seminars to this long-awaited practical approach to steam turbine maintenance and repair. This authoritative guide affords anyone seeking information on turbine steam path maintenance and repair a complete and focused working knowledge of the subject—from the experienced engineer to industry lay person. The reader of this book will be able to: •Identify the type and severity of any damage •Suggest possible cause of damage •Indicate the most appropriate corrective actions available With thought-provoking examples, numerous photographs and figures, and an excellent simplification of a complicated topic, Turbine Steam Path Maintenance & Repair, Volume 1 is sure to be an invaluable resource readers turn to many times during their careers!
Aerodynamics of wind turbines
This practical, one-of-a-kind field manual explains how equipment in industrial facilities operates and covers all aspects of commissioning relevant to engineers and project managers. This text contains a data log of all major industrial and power plant components, describes how they function, and includes rules of thumb for operation. Hundreds of handy reference materials, such as calculations and tables, plus a comprehensive listing of electrical parts with common supplier nomenclature are also included in this time-saving resource.
Computational modelling of non-equilibrium condensing steam flows in low-pressure steam turbines
Principles of turbomachinery in air-breathing engines
Power electronics for modern wind turbines
Marine steam engines and turbines
Tesla̕s engine : an new dimension for power
Steam turbine generators process control and diagnostics : modern intrumentation for the greatest economy of power plants
Large power steam turbines : design and operation. Volume 2, Operations
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 2
Large wind turbines : design and economics
Powerplant technology
Heat transfer in gas turbine systems
Wind energy : renewable energy and the environment
Hydraulic and compressible flow turbomachines
Plant equipment and maintenance engineering handbook
Proceedings of the ASME Turbo Expo 2013 : Turbine Technical Conference and Exposition (GT2013) : [presented at the] June 3-7, 2013, San Antonio, Texas, USA
Small-Scale Vertical Axis Wind Turbine Design
Wind turbines : types, economics and development
RAMSI management model and evaluation criteria for Nordic offshore wind assets
Subsynchronous resonance in power systems
Turbine steam path : mechanical design and manufacture : Volume IIIa
Turbo-machinery dynamics : design and operation
Aerothermal investigation of an intermediate turbine duct
Steam turbines : design, applications, and rerating
Power Plant Equipment Operation and Maintenance Guide : maximizing efficiency and profitability / Philip Kiameh
Abstract: Turbomachinery workshop, spring 1999.
Boiler operation engineering : questions and answers
Innovation in wind turbine design
Wind energy systems : control engineering design
Turbine steam path : maintenance & repair. Volume 1
Protection and testing of gas turbine blades for high temperature applications
Wind turbine operation in electric power systems : advanced modeling
Energy conversion
