http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p818 future expectations
future expectations
Adolescents' preparation for the future : perils and promise : a report of the study group on adolescence in the twenty-first Century
How shall we school our children ? : primary education and its future
The changing parent-child relationship, self-esteem, and intelligence as determinants of orientation to the future during early adolescence
Music's immanent future : the deleuzian turn in music studies
The concept of Utopia
Emerging business opportunities in Africa : market entry, competitive strategy, and the promotion of foreign direct investments
Contemporary futures : perspectives from social anthropology
The world view of young people : a longitudinal study of Finnish youth living in a suburb of metropolitan Helsinki
Cathie Kinrade is all too used to hardship. Growing up on the Isle of Man in the 1930s, she sees her da set sail daily on dangerous seas while her mam struggles to put food on the table. Cathie has little hope for her own future, until a chance encounter changes her fortunes for ever. Fiercely determined, Cathie leaves for Liverpool, a bustling modern city full of possibility. With a lively job as a shop girl in a grand department store, and a firm friend in kind-hearted Julia, Cathie has found her niche. But the discovery of an explosive secret could put everything at risk. And when love comes calling, Cathie's new friends fear that she may be set to trust the wrong man with her heart.
Status of the arts in Finland in 2018.
Dreams of paradise, visions of apocalypse : utopia and dystopia in American culture
Now the war is over
Makerspaces in libraries
It's up to you New York
Furnishing the future home
We are not ourselves
The future church : how ten trends are revolutionizing the Catholic Church
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Searching for Grace Kelly
Knowing our future : the startling case for futurology
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 1, Africa
Kultura e bashkëjetesës = A culture of peaceful coexistence
4 steps to the future : a quick and clean guide to creating foresight
Dreaming for the future : how can architecture outline the home of the future?
In real life
Scotland : the growing divide : old nation, new ideas
Educating beyond violent futures
History strikes back : how states, nations, and conflicts are shaping the 21st century
Future shock
Green culture : environmental rhetoric in contemporary America
The quest for postcolonial utopia : a comparative introduction to the utopian novel in the new English literatures
One step closer to you
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 5, Middle East
Second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020 : alternative futures
Behold the dreamers : a novel
The development of future-orientation in a life-span context
Campari for breakfast
The future for curious people
Heart and home
What the future holds : insights from social science
The ecotechnic future : envisioning a post-peak world / John Michael Greer
The view of the future held by ninth graders and the role of education : a comparative study on Finnish and Mexican students who study in English
Earth in the balance : forging a new common purpose
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 6, South Asia
The evolution of tourism : adapting to change : 28th annual conference proceedings
Adolescents' ideas about their future in a changing society
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
On the basis of a body of reggae songs from the 1970s and late 1990s, this book offers a sociological analysis of memory, hope and redemption in reggae music. From Dennis Brown to Sizzla, the way in which reggae music constructs a musical, religious and socio-political memory in rupture with dominant models is vividly illustrated by the lyrics themselves. How is the past remembered in the present? How does remembering the past allow for imagining the future? How does collective memory participate into the historical grounding of collective identity? What is the relationship between tradition and revolution, between the recollection of the past and the imagination of the future, between passivity and action? Ultimately, this case study of memory at work opens up on a theoretical problem: the conceptualization of time and its relationship with memory.
Our vision of Europe in 2020
Predictions : [30 great minds on the future]
The Friday gospels
Shaping the future : aspiritional leadership in India and beyond
The incredible adventures of Cinnamon Girl
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
The future in plain sight : nine clues to the coming insta bility
Business in Africa : corporate insights
How do adolescents see their future? : a review of the development of future orientation and planning
"This brief history connects the past and present of utopian thought, from the first utopias in ancient Greece, right up to present day visions of cyberspace communities and paradise. Explores the purpose of utopias, what they reveal about the societies who conceive them, and how utopias have changed over the centuries Unique in including both non-Western and Western visions of utopia Explores the many forms utopias have taken - prophecies and oratory, writings, political movements, world's fairs, physical communities - and also discusses high-tech and cyberspace visions for the first time The first book to analyze the implicitly utopian dimensions of reform crusades like Technocracy of the 1930s and Modernization Theory of the 1950s, and the laptop classroom initiatives of recent years".
Age differences in adolescent future-oriented goals, concerns, and related temporal extension in different sociocultural contexts
Utopias : a brief history from ancient writings to virtual communities
Imagining welfare futures
The European Union beyond Amsterdam : new concepts of European integration
Inventing the future
Russian transition in the early 21st century
Living at the end of the world
Trends in learning structures in higher education : project report
The view of the future held by ninth graders and the role of education : a comparative study of Finnish and Mexican students who study in English
Futurewise : six faces of global change
The principle of hope. 1
The one dollar horse
A heart revealed
Images of the future of the UNESCO school pupils in Finland
What was promised
Tourism forecasting : proceedings from Australian tourism research workshop 25-26 November 1993 Canberra
Perception of quality of life
Beautiful scenery, but no jobs
The school study : a code book
Time and memory in reggae music : the politics of hope
Little red lies
Sports as a motivation to study English : young athletes and the L2 motivational self system
Future scenarios of fossil fuel reducing technologies for Kalmar Industries' products
Computer-aided warriors for future battlefields
"The clash of civilizations?" : Asian responses
After the future
Roadmap for communication technologies, services and business models 2010, 2015 and beyond
The home corner
Korea : cradle of joy and hope
Global connections : politics, exchange, and social life in world history. Volume II, since 1500
Changing Economic Conditions and Identity Formation in Adulthood
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
Quo vadis archaeologia? : whither European archaeology in the 21st century? : proceedings of the European Science Foundation Exploratory Workshop : Madralin near Warsaw, 12-13 October 2001
Glass : a novel
Does writing have a future?
The images of the future of Finnish student teachers
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Growing up in social transition : in search of late-modern identity
Offers a forecast about the future of the Catholic Church and the implications of the changes that will occur, identifying ten important trends that will revolutionize the the policies, doctrines, and practices of Catholicism over the next century.
Youth, education and risk : facing the future
Tourism: 2020 vision : influences, directional flows and key trends : executive summary
The global economy in 2030 : trends and strategies for Europe
Brilliant future : work out what you want and plan how to get there
Dead space : Catalyst
The bricks that built the houses
Scanning the future : 20 eminent thinkers on the world of tomorrow
An arrow through chaos : how we see into the future
Beyond calculation : the next fifty years of computing
The future of the universe
Israelis and Palestinians : why do they fight? Can they stop?
The cunning of uncertainty
Visions of the future in Germany and America
Representations of everyday life in Finnish adolescents' future orientation
2012 State of the future
Managing the future : a guide to forecasting and strategic planning in the 21st century
In-band relays for next generation communication systems
The trader's sister
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults = Toivottomuus suomalaisessa aikuisväestössä
Future wise : educating our children for a changing world
On class-teacher students' views of the future
A brief history of the future : how visionary thinkers changed the world and tomorrow's trends are 'made' and marketed
The haunted life : and other writings
Abstract: Growing up the trees of dreams : supporting adolescents'  future orientation in an Indian NGO, Udayan Care.
Sino-American relations : challenges ahead
Go ask Alice
L'Afrique et les perspectives du tourisme mondial : l'horizon 2020 : défis et opportunités : séminaire CAF Grand-Baie, Maurice 30 avril - 1er mai 1998 = Africa and global tourism prospects to the year 2020 : challenges and opportunities : CAF seminar Grand-Baie, Mauritius 30 April - 1 May 1998.
Growing up in social transition : in search of a late-modern identity
The images of the future of young Finnish people
If I knew you were going to be this beautiful, I never would have let you go
Russia's bitter path to modernity : a history of the Soviet and post-Soviet eras
Remember my name
Future-orientation of Finnish students
Love notes for Freddie
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 2, Americas
Goals, means and illusions - how we create our future
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 3, East Asia and the Pacific
The sea of tranquility : a novel
Futurewise : the six faces of global change : a personal and corporate guide to survival and success in the third millenium
Brown girl dreaming
We are not ourselves : a novel
Should I stay or should I go? : a survey of Murmansk students' views of the future
"This book presents the basic business modeling for developing appropriate strategies in exploiting business opportunities in the emerging economy in Africa"--
Lessons for the future : the missing dimension in education
Images of the future of privacy : A privacy dynamics framework and a causal layered analysis of ideal types
Imagining India  : ideas for a new century
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
The International graduate survey 1998 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. University of Oulu : 1998 university report
Growing up the trees of dreams : supporting adolescents' future orientation in an Indian NGO, Udayan Care
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
Visions of the future : why we need to teach for tomorrow
Stumbling on happiness
Constrained life changes : intergenerational transmission of income in Finland
Personal future orientation : plans, attitudes and control beliefs of adolescents living in Joensuu, Finland and Petrozavodsk, Russia in 1990s
The Future of War : power, technology and American world dominance in the 21st century
Representations of occupations and future plans of students leaving comprehensive school and the challenges placed on the theory and practice oc career guidance
Education and students' future-orientation : adolescents' future preparation, future goals and self-evaluation in educational contexts in Finland and Poland
Supergenius : the mega-worlds of Herman Kahn
