http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8190 child labour
child labour
What works for working children
Eliminating the worst forms of child labour : a practical guide to ILO Convention no. 182.
Nepalese child labourers' life contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Children's work is a controversial subject both in the sciences of sociology and history. It does not accord well with the modern idea of a good childhood -- that children actually work. Children ought to spend their time playing and attending school. The historians' interest has focused on industrial child labour -- its emergence and its disappearance. But relatively few children worked in industry. Far more children were employed in agriculture and retail trade, if they did not help at home or at the neighbour's. Sometimes they received pay -- other times not -- and they often worked on the edge of the law. The articles in this book examine children's work from the mid-1800's and until the 1990's, because children's work is not a closed chapter in history. But the character and social function of the children's work have been changed over time. This anthology is the result of an inter-Nordic research project about children's work in the Nordic countries involving all the five Nordic countries.
Children at work : health and safety risks
Because I am a girl : the state of the world's girls 2007.
Industrious children : work and childhood in the Nordic Countries 1850-1990
Child labor and human rights : making children matter
In the twilight zone : child workers in the hotel, tourism and catering industry
Revisiting children's rights : 10 years of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child
Labor rights in corporate codes of conduct in sporting goods industry : Case Adidas and Nike
Children's work and welfare, 1780-1890
Spilled water
Multidiciplinarity in development studies
Children's perspectives on their working lives : a participatory in Bangladesh, Ethiopia, The Philippines, Guatemala, El Salvador and Nicaragua. Martin Woodhead
Voice of child workers
Historical and present-day child labour : is there a gap or a bridge between them?
International children's rights
Brings together contributions representing structural, historical, and comparative perspectives on the study of children and youth. In this book, childhood is conceived as a structural feature of society, subject to the stable and changing forces of the larger social context, and comparable across time and cultures.
Work, family and the state : child labour and the organization of production in the British cotton industry 1780-1920
Russia's factory children : state, society, and law, 1800-1917
Gender, poverty and church involvement : a report from a research conference in Uppsala, May 6-8, 2002
Work, family and the state : child labour and the organization of production in the British cotton industry, 1780-1920
Children and work in Europe : report prepared by a Study Group 1994-95 Programme of Co-ordinated Research in the Employment Field
Labour problems in Indian industry
The role of international law in the elimination of child labor
The state of the world's children 2006 : excluded and invisible
Belching out the devil
European labour law
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Children's human rights : progress and challenges for children worldwide
Legal ideals and normative realities : a case study of children's rights and child labor activity in Paraguay
Making trouble: fighting for fair trade jewellery
Child labor and the urban third world: toward a new understanding of the problem
State obligations and MNE responsibilities under international child labour norms
An annotated bibliography on child rights with particular emphasis on South Asia
Child labour : policy options
Workhouse children
Enfants de l'ombre = Children in shadow = Niños en sombras
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Fighting child labor : Nike in Pakistan and Cambodia : can one company help an entire nation?
First things first in child labour : eliminating work detrimental to children
A future without child labour : global report under follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work : International Labour conference, 90th session 2002 : report of the Director-General
Richard Oastler : king of factory children : six pamphlets 1835-1861
Centuries of child labour : European experiences from the seventeenth to the twentieth century
Working out of poverty : report of the Director-General
Compulsory child labour : parish paupers as indentured servants in Finland, c. 1810-1920
Combating child labour : a review of policies
Children's lifeworlds : gender, welfare and labour in the developing world
Ambivalent encounters : childhood, tourism, and social change in Banaras, India
Born to work : child labour in India
Malala : a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal : a brave boy from Pakistan
Annotated bibliography on child labour
Child labor : an American history
Excerpt from Learning from Families  on the Edge : Case Studies on Families of Street Children in South and Southeast Asia
Child labour in a globalized world : a legal analysis of ILO action
Trade, Reputation and Child Labor in Twentieth-Century Egypt
The exploited child
Yoko's diary : the life of a young girl in Hiroshima during WWII
Child labour : a multi-disciplinary review
Hidden hands : international perspectives on children's work and labour
Education and child labour in developing countries : a study on the role of non-governmental organisations in Bangladesh and Nepal
Child labour in Britain, 1750-1870
Child labor : a global view
Children of other worlds : exploitation in the global market
At what cost was economic modernization purchased? : comparing chuild labor in Asian and Europe
Hard at work in factories and mines : the economics of child labor during the British industrial revolution
Exploitation of child labour
The child and the state in India : child labor and education policy in comparative perspective
Every major political and social dispute of the twentieth century has been fought on the backs of our children, from the economic reforms of the progressive era through the social readjustments of civil rights era and on to the current explosion of anxieties about everything from the national debt to the digital revolution. Far from noncombatants whom we seek to protect from the contamination posed by adult knowledge, children form the very basis on which we fight over the nature and values of our society, and over our hopes and fears for the future. Unfortunately, our understanding of childhood and children has not kept pace with their crucial and rapidly changing roles in our culture. Pulling together a range of different thinkers who have rethought the myths of childhood innocence, The Children's Culture Reader develops a profile of children as creative and critical thinkers who shape society even as it shapes them. Representing a range of thinking from history, psychology, anthropology, sociology, economics, women's studies, literature, and media studies, The Children's Culture Reader focuses on issues of parent-child relations, child labor, education, play, and especially the relationship of children to mass media and consumer culture. The contributors include Martha Wolfenstein, Philippe Aries, Jacqueline Rose, James Kincaid, Lynn Spigel, Valerie Walkerdine, Ellen Seiter, Annette Kuhn, Eve Sedgwick, Henry Giroux, and Nancy Scheper-Hughes. Including a groundbreaking introduction by the editor and a sourcebook section which excerpts a range of material from popular magazines to child rearing guides from the past 75 years, The Children's Culture Reader will propel our understanding of children and childhood into the next century.
Against child labour : Indian and international dimensions and strategies
Understanding poverty
First generation factory children : child labour in textile manufacturing in nineteenth-century Finland
Child workers in England, 1780-1820 : parish apprentices and the making of the early industrial labour force
Asian informal workers : global risks, local protection
Child labor and the transition between school and work
International child law
Working to be someone : child focused research and practice with working children
Summary (s. 11-12).
Confronting globalization : the quest for a social agenda : Geneva lectures
Summary (s. ix-xiv).
Fundamental rights at work and international labour standards
European industrialization and child labor
International documents on children
Children at work : problems and policy options
Children and "the right to factory work" : child labour legislation in nineteenth-century Finland
By the sweat & toil of children. Vol. 1, The use of child labor U.S. manufactured and mined imports
The sex sector : the economic and social bases of prostitution in Southeast Asia
Empowering children : programme abstracts, participant list
Domestic labour relations in India : vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Child labour : targeting the intolerable
Children bound to labor : the pauper apprentice system in early America
The end of child labour : within reach : global report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
Child labour's global past, 1650-2000
Child workers today
Multidisciplinarity in development studies?
The world of child labor : an historical and regional survey
Trade unions and child labour : a guide to action
Negotiating childhood : empirical investigations and textual representations of children's work and everyday life
Child labor and the Industrial Revolution
Structural, historical, and comparative perspectives
Global labor standards and local freedoms
International labor standards : history, theory, and policy options
Environment, human rights and international trade
Come all ye bold miners : ballads and songs of the coalfields
Accelerating action against child labour : global report under the follow-up to the ILO declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work
Chocolate nations : living and dying for cocoa in West Africa
Accounting for the persistence of widespread child labour amidst high economic growth in post-1991 economic reform India including a case study of Karur District, Tamil Nadu
Child labour and its development : the contemporary example Nepal and a short historical review of its development in western society
Global child welfare and well-being
History of child labor in Finland
This book offers a contribution to current debates on child labor. It also presents child labor as a problem to which various branches of international law have made a response. It treats a broad range of international law sub-disciplines, and analyses child labor in the context of social, economic and cultural issues.
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
Child labour
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
For children who toil : a report on sustainable action against child labor in the Philippines
Where am I wearing? : a global tour to the countries, factories, and people that make our clothes
Disposable people : new slavery in the global economy
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
Children at work in Kenya
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
Growing up poor : home, school and street in London 1870-1914
New Slavery : a refence handbook
The rights of children
Working children in the informal sector in Managua
Trafficking in children in Lapland in the 19th century
Protecting working children
The erosion of childhood : child oppression in Britain 1860-1918
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
Fearless
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
The children's culture reader
A will of their own : cross-cultural perspectives on working children
