http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8191 inverters
inverters
High-performance analog-to-digital converters and line drivers
Development of Ultrasound Transducer Characterization Software
High-power converters and AC drives
Solutions manual for resonant power converters
Computer-aided analysis and design of switch-mode power supplies
Delta-Sigma modulators : modeling, design and applications
Control of  induction motors
Elements of power electronics
Control of power inverters in renewable energy and smart grid integration
Transmitter architectures with digital modulators, D/A converters and switching-mode power amplifiers
Electrical energy conversion and transport. : an interactive computer-based approach
Simplified design of switching power supplies
Automatic test system for A/D and D/A converters
Power electronics
Switch-mode power supplies : SPICE simulations and practical designs
Practical variable speed drives and power electronics
Electric and hybrid vehicles : design fundamentals
Power from the sun : achieving energy independence : a practical guide to solar electricity
Switchmode power supply handbook
Power supply cookbook
Oversampling A/D and D/A converters using one-bit sigma-delta modulation techniques
Grid converters for photovoltaic and wind power systems
Power supplies for LED driving
The aim of this work was to develop time-to-digital converters(TDC) with a wide measurement range of several hundred microseconds and with a measurement precision of a few picoseconds. Because of these requirements, the focus of this work was mainly on TDC architectures based on the Nutt interpolation method, which has several advantages when a long measurement range is a requirement.Compared to conventional data converters the characteristics of a Nutt TDC differ significantly when, for example, quantization errors and linearity errors are considered. In this thesis, the operating principle of a Nutt TDC is analysed and, in particular, the effects of reference clock instabilities are studied giving new insight how the different phase noise processes can be reliably translated into time interval jitter, and how these affect the measurement precision when very long time intervals are measured. Furthermore, these analytical results are confirmed by measurements conducted with a long-range TDC designed as part of this work.Two long-range TDCs have been designed, each based on different interpolator architectures. The first TDC utilises discrete component time-to-voltage converters(TVC) as interpolators. Other key functionality is implemented on an FPGA. The interpolators use Miller integrators to improve the linearity and the single-shot precision of the converter. The TDC has a nominal measurement range of 84ms and it achieves a single-shot precision of 2ps for time intervals shorter than 2ms, after which the precision starts to deteriorate due to the phase noise of the reference clock.In addition to the discrete TDC, an integrated long-range CMOS TDC has been designed with 0.35μm technology. Instead of TVCs, this TDC features cyclic/algorithmic interpolators, which are based on switched-frequency ring oscillators(SRO). The frequency switching is used as a mechanism toamplify quantization error, a key functionality required by any cyclic or a pipeline converter. The interpolators are combined with a 16-bit main counter giving a total range of 327μs. The RMS single-shot precision of the TDC is 4.2ps without any nonlinearity compensation. Furthermore, a calibration functionality implemented partially on-chip ensures that the accuracy of the TDC varies only ±2.5ps in a temperature range of -30C to 70C. Although implemented with fairly old technology, the interpolators' effective linear range and precision represent state-of-the-art performance.
Introduction to modern digital electronics
Dynamic characteristics of grid-connected three-phase Z-Source inverter in photovoltaic applications
Electronic analog measurements and transducers
Switch mode power conversion : basic theory and design
The latest spice simulation and design tools for creating state-of-the-art switching power supplies. Fully updated to incorporate new SPICE features and capabilities, this practical guide explains, step by step, how to simulate, test, and improve switch-mode power supply designs. Detailed formulas with founding equations are included. Based on the author's continued research and in-depth, hands-on work in the field, this revised resource offers a collection of the latest SPICE solutions to the most difficult problem facing power supply designers: creating smaller, more heat-efficient power supplies in shorter design cycles.
Photonics : a short course
Dynamical profile of switched-mode converter - fact or fiction?
Mechatronics system design
Analog-digital conversion handbook
Analysis of electric machinery and drive systems
Power quality improving with virtual flux-based voltage source line converter
Characterizing and minimizing spurious responses in Delta-Sigma modulators
Power Electronics
Integration of green and renewable energy in electric power systems
Sensors and transducers : characterictics, applications, instrumentation, interfacing
Application of an embedded control system for aging detection of power converter components
Power electronics : converters, applications and design
Analysis of torque and speed ripple producing non-idealities of frequency converters in electric drives
Sneak circuits of power electronic converters
Protocol converter for accessories
Dynamic analysis of switching-mode DC/DC converters
Sensors and transducers : a guide for technicians
Introduction to modern power electronics
On-chip testing of A/D and D/A converters : static linearity testing without statistically known stimulus
Power electronics : circuits, devices, and applications
Digital multirate filter for speech sampling on a microcontroller
Voltage-sourced converters in power systems : modeling, control, and applications
Continuous-time delta-sigma modulators for high-speed A/D conversion : theory, practice and fundamental performance limits
Power conversion and control of wind energy systems
Switching power supply design
Dynamic profile of switched-mode converter : modeling, analysis and control
Systematic design of Sigma-Delta analog-to-digital converters
Power electronics : converters, applications, and design
Electroacoustic transducers and DSP : seminar in acoustics, spring 2001
Modern DC-to-DC switchmode power converter circuits
Digital control in power electronics
CHARACTERISATION AND OPTIMIZING OF ULTRASOUND TRANSDUCERS FOR BREAST CANCER DIAGNOSIS AND THERAPY
Applying IND-NIMBUS to a design problem in high-power ultrasonics
Handbook of transducers
Re-configurable AD/DA converter interface
A stabilized multi-channel CMOS time-to-digital converter based on a low frequency reference
The purpose of this thesis was to design and analyze of multirate anti-aliasing and reconstruction filters. The design was made for narrowband speech sampling on a low-power microcontroller. The goal was to achieve feasible construction with equal performance compared to an off-the-shelf voice codec solution. Human voice production and measurement were analyzed. The frequency content of human voice was studied for optimal design. Speech is frequency encoded signal and authentic capturing requires careful signal conditioning. For narrowband speech with optimal sampling, aliasing poses a threat to the signal quality and requires filters with high roll-off. Speech sampling theory was reviewed and common sampling techniques compared for analysis to aid the design. The design used an SAR ADC, a more common ADC for microcontrollers, which was compared to a delta-sigma ADC that is usually seen in audio applications. Oversampling was used for digital anti-aliasing filter design. Analog and digital design were combined to minimize analog filter stage requirements. FIR filters were designed and analyzed in Mathworks Matlab. The filter design used multirate construction to separate decimation and interpolation stages to more compact size, thus reducing the total filter coefficient amount and computational requirements significantly. The design was realized on ARM Cortex M3 microcontroller. FIR filter instances were constructed using ARM CMSIS DSP library. The code for the project was created on free to use web-based ARM mbed IDE. Simulation and measurements showed that aliasing requirements were achieved in the designed accuracy.
"Need to get up to speed quickly on the latest advances in high performance data converters? Want help choosing the best architecture for your application? With everything you need to know about the key new converter architectures, this guide is for you. It presents basic principles, circuit and system design techniques and associated trade-offs, doing away with lengthy mathematical proofs and providing intuitive descriptions upfront. Everything from time-to-digital converters to comparator-based/zero-crossing ADCs is covered and each topic is introduced with a short summary of the essential basics. Practical examples describing actual chips, along with extensive comparison between architectural or circuit options, ease architecture selection and help you cut design time and engineering risk. Trade-offs, advantages and disadvantages of each option are put into perspective with a discussion of future trends, showing where this field is heading, what is driving it and what the most important unanswered questions are"--
Renewable Energy Systems : Advanced Conversion Technologies and Applications
Switching power supply design & optimization
Switching power supplies A to Z
"The book covers a wide range of topics on wind energy conversion and control from the electrical engineering aspect. It includes wind generators and modeling, power converters and modulation schemes, operating principle of fixed and variable speed wind turbines, advanced generator control schemes, active and reactive power controls of individual wind and is a valuable reference book for academic researchers, practicing engineers, and other professionals. The book can also be used as a textbook for graduate level and final year undergraduate-level courses"--
Comparison of space-vector-modulated direct and indirect matrix converters in low-power applications
"Grid Converters for Photovoltaic and Wind Power Systems provides a comprehensive description of the control of grid converters for photovoltaic and wind power systems. The authors present a range of control methods for meeting the latest application, power quality and power conversion requirements and standards, as well as looking towards potential future control functions. Practical examples, exercises, and an accompanying website with simulation models using Matlab and Simulink environments, and PSIM software make this text a pragmatic resource for electrical engineers as well as students taking related courses"--
Solar mobile power supply
Power-switching converters : medium and high power
Sensors and transducers, 2ed
Control in power electronics : selected problems
Introduction to power electronics
Solid-state power conversion handbook
Wind-solar Hybrid Power System
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs : 1995
Practical switching power supply design
Sensors and transducers
Digital signal processing and digital-to-analog converters for wide-band transmitters
High precision time-to-digital converters for applications requiring a wide measurement range
Grid integration of wind energy conversion systems
Power electronic converters and systems : frontiers and applications
Power electronic converters for microgrids
