http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8192 consumer prices
consumer prices
The state of food insecurity in the world : how does international price volatility affect domestic economies and food security?
Pricing : concepts and methods for effective marketing
Optimal discretionary monetary policy in the open economy : choosing between CPI and domestic inflation as target variables
Consumer prices in Finland and Hungary 1945-1975
"Many businesses focus on driving volume or reducing costs rather than increasing price under the mistaken belief they have greater control over volume and costs than price. Yet, a 1% increase in price (holding volume fixed) has a greater impact on operating profit than a 1% increase in volume or a 1% decrease in cost. By not seizing the initiative on price, businesses abrogate decisions about price to competitors, customers, and the channel. A careful analysis and understanding of those same actors could help them price in a more profitable manner. Hence, this book, which is designed to communicate the fundamental principles of pricing. In marked contrast to other books on pricing, this one is based on economic theory. This is not to deny the value to be had from looking at pricing through other lenses. It is simply that these other lenses do not yet provide a systematic and organized way to think about pricing. Economic theory does. Its power is not in the provision of to-do lists or the Gradgrind-like accumulation of facts.8 Rather, it is in generating the right questions to be asked. Both our own experiences and that related to us by our students who have taken our classes has confirmed us in this view. A second point of contrast with other treatments of pricing is that we convey principles through stylized examples rather than anecdotes"--
Migration, imperfect competition and structural adjustment : essays on the economy of the Åland Islands
Threshold cointegration and asymmetric price transmission in Finnish beef and pork markets
The retail price characteristics of deregulated finnish energy market
The importance of price and package design for consumers when they buy premium private label products
Trade protection of Finnish dairy products and its effects on consumer welfare
Cheap? : the real cost of living in a low price, low wage world
Quality and Price Perceptions of Urban Chinese Consumers
Social net benefits of cod farming in Sweden
Contextual pricing : the death of list price and the new market reality
Prices, income and availability : consumption of spirits, wine and beer in Finland, 1960-2004
Principles of marketing
Using cheap-talk as a test of validity in choice experiments
Price image versus price reality : objective and subjective determinants of consumer price perception
European price statistics : an overview
Biases in cross-space comparisons through cross-time price indexes : the case of Russia
Principles of pricing : an analytical approach
The most expensive country in the euro area
The measurement of consumers' expenditure and behaviour in the United Kingdom 1920-1938. Vol. 1
An application of additive and multiplicative conjoint analysis models in explaining consumer price utility structures
THE USE OF REVENUE MANAGMENT IN HOTEL ACCOMMODATION INDUSTRY IN EASTERN FINLAND
What explains the widening gap between the retail and producer prices of food?
Deregulation of life insurance markets in Finland and consumer decision making
Cheap : the real cost of the global trend for bargains, discounts & consumer choice
Consumer price perception and preferences : a reference price model of brand evaluation and a conjoint analysis of price utility structures
In the years since the financial crisis and up until recent months, domestic consumer prices have risen at a higher pace than in the euro area, and Finland is currently the most expensive country in the euro area as measured by consumer prices. The elevated price level erodes consumers' purchasing power, while the rapid increase in prices weakens the cost-competitiveness of Finnish export industries. Compared with the rest of the euro area, the price rise has been particularly rapid for commodities with large components of labour costs and indirect taxes..
Preferences with and without prices : does the price attribute affect behaviour in stated preference surveys?
Yearbook of labour statistics
Price theory and applications
Study regarding consumer behavior in the cut-price drugstore in China
Purchasing power parities and gross domestic product in real terms : results 1985 = Parités de pouvoir d'achat et produit intérieur brut réel : résultats 1985
Welfare and competition
The strategy and tactics of pricing : a guide to growing more profitably
Is a low-inflation environment associated with reduced exchange rate pass through?
Consumers' attitudes towards food prices
The effects of retail store environments on consumer perceptions of quality, price and value
Consumer price perception : a multi-dimensional analysis of perceived quality and adaptation-level price as determinants of price perception
Marketing : creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
Redefining loss averse and gain seeking consumer price behavior : based on demand response
Consumer behaviour : applications in marketing
Consumer Price Index
Analyzing the incidence of consumption taxes
The great recession and the distribution of household income
The J-curve is a gamma-curve : initial welfare consequences of price liberalization in Eastern Europe
Consumer attitudes towards buying organic food
The consumer markets scoreboard
Advertising, alcohol content and demand for alcoholic beverages : a system approach
Quality and price perceptions of urban Chinese consumers
Consumer price index : Quarterly
Analysing the relationship between wholesale and end-user prices in the Nordic electricity market
Consumer, markets and the euro
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
Consumer prices in the EEC 1988 = Les prix a la consommation dans la CEE 1988
Consumer price indices in the European Community : similarities, differences and proposals for harmonization
Inflation swaps are financial instruments used for the purpose of hedging against future inflation. Inflation expectations extracted from inflation swaps are often used as a measure of the market's inflation expectations, but the evolution of the swaps does not always correspond to actual changes in inflation expectations. When the market's expectations are assessed on the basis of inflation swaps, it is important to pay attention to the specific features of these agreements. Consequently, in assessing changes in short-term inflation expectations, forward inflation (e.g. annual inflation one year ahead) should be used rather than inflation swap rates..
The strategy and tactics of pricing : a guide to growing more profitable
Consumer search in electronic markets
Essentials of marketing
Kuluttajahintaindeksi 1985=100 = Consumer price index 1985=100
The Oxford textbook of marketing
Consumer price indexes in the European Community : comparison of existing indexes and approaches to their harmonization
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
"This book investigates the effects of electoral systems on the relative legislative and, hence, regulatory influence of competing interests in society. Building on Ronald Rogowski and Mark Andreas Kayser's extension of the classic Stigler-Peltzman model of regulation, the authors demonstrate that majoritarian electoral arrangements should empower consumers relative to producers. Employing real price levels as a proxy for consumer power, the book rigorously establishes this proposition over time, within the OECD, and across a large sample of developing countries. Majoritarian electoral arrangements depress real prices by approximately ten percent, all else equal. The authors carefully construct and test their argument and broaden it to consider the overall welfare effects of electoral system design and the incentives of actors in the choice of electoral institutions"
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Rise in services prices has made Finland an expensive country
Unit Price : a modern method for consumer price information
Consumers' immediate memory for prices
Choice and demand in tourism
Price structure of the Community countries in 1985 = Structure des prix dans les pays de la Communauté en 1985
Essays on the dynamic category-level impact of price promotions
The strategy and tactics of pricing : a guide to profitable decision making
"Pricing drives three of the most important elements of firm success: revenue and profits, customer behavior and firm image. This book provides an introduction to the basic principles for thinking clearly about pricing. Unlike other marketing books on pricing, the authors use a more analytic approach and relate ideas to the basic principles of microeconomics. Rakesh Vohra and Lakshman Krishnamurthi also cover three areas in greater depth and provide more insight than may be gleaned from existing books: 1) the use of auctions, 2) price discrimination and 3) pricing in a competitive environment"--
The electricity customer's lot : the status of the deregulated Finnish electricity market - consequences for the customer
Farming in the clouds
Prices and wages review
Conditions for loss averse and gain seeking consumer price behavior
Price theory
Consumer prices have risen in Finland at a higher pace than in the euro area. This has eroded Finnish consumers' purchasing power and weakened the competitiveness of the economy. Of household expenditure, approximately 40% is services-related, and Finnish services prices, in particular, have risen at a relatively rapid pace. Since the financial crisis, domestic services prices have risen by over 10% compared with the euro area average. Finnish services price inflation has been the highest in the euro area..
Electoral systems and the balance of consumer-producer power
How well do inflation swaps reflect expected inflation?
Welfare effects of the Finnish value-added tax reform : a general equilibrium evaluation
Essays on emotional influences in consumer food choice : understanding emotional intricacies in consumers' price vs. ethicality trade-off decisions, and perceptions of genetically modified food products
Pricing strategies : a marketing approach
Modern business marketing : a strategic planning approach to business and industrial markets
