http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8195 summer
summer
Summer bird survey along the southern shoreline of the Kola Peninsula, between Varzuga and Pulonga
Girl On The Shore
My life next door
Effects of short-day (SD) treatment on bud burst, growth and survival of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) container seedlings after summer planting were studied in an experiment established in Suonenjoki, Central Finland. One-year-old seedlings were SD-treated for three weeks starting on 18 June, 24 June and 8 July 2004 and then planted on 22 July, 5 August, 6 September 2004 and, as a normal spring planting, on 10 May, 2005. Untreated control seedlings were also planted on these dates. Second flush on the planting year and bud burst the following spring was monitored in planted seedlings, whereas seedling height and survival were determined at the end of growing seasons 2004-2006. We observed a non-significant risk of a second flush if seedlings were SD-treated on 18 June. Also, SD-treated seedlings planted in July or August showed advanced bud burst and increased height the following growing season without significant effects on survival, compared to autumn and spring planted seedlings. Planting in July or early August was associated with a significant increase in the incidence of multiple leaders in later years. Based on our results, to begin a three-week SD treatment in late June or early July and then plant seedlings in late July or early August could be a good practice..
Children of the forest
What a girl wants
Summer requiem : a book of poems
Did I mention I need you?
This one summer
The girls : a novel
Butterfly summer
A girl on the shore
The perfect summer
Fortune's rocks : a novel
The time garden
Summer term at Trebizon
A summery Saturday morning
The straits
The trouble with goats and sheep
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
The dinner
The nest
Love and summer
Living the rituals of Finnish summer
Summer-Helsinki. 2001 : Sights, attractions and events / [text: Aktivist]
It's not summer without you
Holidays according to Humphrey
A very big house in the country
Nicki the holiday camp fairy
Holiday Ha Ha Ha! : super silly stories by..
Buildings and free-time residences
Bear's new friend
Jeeves and the wedding bells :  a homage to P. G. Wodehouse
The summer book
Contrasting tree-ring data with fire record in a pine-dominated landscape in the Komi Republic (Eastern European Russia) : recovering a common climate signal
Summer at Shell Cottage
The four seasons : Antonio Vivaldi
The summer I turned pretty
The guest cottage
The summer girls
A chef for all seasons
10 minute crafts for summer
Summer on the short bus
The complete book of the flower fairies
Mortimer's first garden
Botchan
Celebrated Summer
What happens in summer?
More knitting in the sun : 32 patterns to knit for kids
Living in the forest : meanings and use of recreational residences
Summers in France
Summer in the city : 20 classic summer hits
We'll always have summer
The Seasons : Spring : Summer : Autumn : Winter
Enchanted August
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
Please enjoy your happiness
Did I mention I miss you?
A lowcountry wedding
Trouble in Prior's Ford
Summer story : Poppy and Dusty's wedding day
A Summer with Kim Novak
Did I mention I love you?
Jasper Jones
Occurrence of meteorological summer dry spells and dry days in Northern Europe during the 20th century
Angels in training
The woman who fell in love for a week
The probability of miracles : one summer to live a lifetime
Love notes for Freddie
Benchmarking and service improvements in higher education
Post-planting effects of early-season short-day treatment and summer planting on Norway spruce seedlings
Enid Blyton's summer stories
Arctic Lights Phenomena as an Attraction in Finnish Lapland
A fête to remember
Lily and Trooper's summer
After me comes the flood
The summer I turned pretty : the collection
Motivation and commitment of business students in their summer jobs
Olympia the games fairy
The girls
Red sings from treetops : a year in colors
Identifying trees : an all-season guide to Eastern North America
Summer on the river
Starlight on Willow Lake
Horrid Henry's sizzling summer
Summer in the sun
How to meet boys
Summer camp at Trebizon
The last summer of us : where do we go from here?
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
Hank Zipzer : the worlds greatest underachiever and the best worst summer ever
The economic effects of 'out-of-county'-cottagers on the cottage municipalities in Finland : a case study on the local consumption in Kustavi municipality
Quality Work – The Basis for the Strategy – : CASE: CAF-quality work in Summer University of Hame
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
Jackdaw summer
The Penderwicks : a summer tale of four sisters, two rabbits, and a very interesting boy
Meeting the English
Forearm shaft fractures in children
Four children and it
The camomile Lawn
School of fear
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
