http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8199 actuators
actuators
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Abstract: User interface for positioning based cultivation management.
Modern mobile application development : case: developing location based mobile application for Windows Phone and Android
Designing for energy-efficient vision-based interactivity on mobile devices
Medical device and equipment design : usability engineering and ergonomics
A multinational perspective to managing end-of-life electronics
Alternatives to map-based pedestrian navigation with location-aware mobile devices
Firmware updates on mobile devices
Symbian Daemon for reporting user attitudes : the design
Linux on the road : Linux with laptops, notebooks, PDAs, mobile phones and other portable devices
Abstract.
The disassembly line : balancing and modeling
Mechanical and thermal recycling of waste from electric and electrical equipment
Implementing licensing system on Symbian OS device
Android as a platform for database application development case : Winha mobile
Digital signage effectiveness in retail stores
FTIR touch panel for a mobile device : architecture and prototype evaluation
Embedded system design on a shoestring : achieving high performance with a limited budget
User interface design for iOS camera application : project: designing gif video camera application
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Display interfaces : fundamentals and standards
Android NDK beginner's guide : discover the native side of Android and inject the power of C/C++ in your applications
LocaweRoute : an advanced route history visualization for mobile devices
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Light and heavy vehicle technology
Sams teach yourself jquery mobile in 24 hours
Android application development all-in-one for dummies
Handbook of mobile learning
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
ShareBox: an Android-based multi-user and multi-device file syncing application
Maemo : Hildon, Nokia, Smartphone, Internet Tablet, Operating system, Linux kernel, GNOME, Debian, Application framework, Software framework, Graphical user interface
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Teleamp UI is thesis made for the parent project Teleamp which is designed by the company Telesilmukka Oy. It is the web based central monitoring and controlling system. Teleamp UI was executed by using different web development tools and languages. Laravel 5.2 was the PHP framework used, OpenLayers mapping library was used to create the interactive map. Chart.js was implemented to create the charting functionality.
Comparing Google's Android and Apple's iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
Microfabrication and evaluation of piezoceramic actuators
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Designing for ultra-mobile interaction : experiences and a method
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Android : modern mobile platform and possibilities of using NFC
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
Mobile learning and the playing child
Design and evaluation of user interfaces for mobile Web search
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
The design of sensor location and information visualisation for idustrial environments
Beginning Android development : create your own Android apps today
A head-mounted display as a personal viewing device : dimensions of subjective experiences
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Dry kiln operator's manual
Automotive electronics handbook
Android tablets for dummies
End user context in analyzing mobile device and service usage
Opportunities and challenges of touch interfaces : Analysing mobile usability with heuristic evaluation
Recyclability information for electronic equipment : a case study of a PC monitor and a system unit
Linux toys : 13 cool projects for home, office and entertainment
Java and android application development for dummies : ebook set
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
Sähkötyöturvallisuus = Safety at electrical work
Amazing Android apps for dummies
Android cookbook
Learning iPad programming : a hands-on guide to building iPad apps
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Abstract: The design of sensor location and information visualisation for industrial environments.
Video walls in control center SCADA system
Beginning Google Glass development
Real-time simulation of mobile and industrial machine using the multibody simulation approach
Exploring iPad for dummies
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Measurements for transducers in mechanics
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Internationalisation in operating systems for handheld devices
Usability of electronic household appliances : panel test and study of user's manuals
Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure for mobile devices : Mobile user interface and gesture support
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
FTIR TOUCH PANEL FOR A MOBILE DEVICE : Architecture and prototype evaluation
SCADA : supervisory control and data acquisition
Software testing and testing tools
More electronic gadgets for the evil genius
Scaffolding learning activities with collaborative scripts and mobile devices
iPad all-in-one for dummies
User interface for positioning based cultivation management
Operation of machinery in ships : steam turbines, boilers and auxiliary plant
Architecture of IoT Node and platform
Design your own embedded Linux control centre on a PC
Symbian Dameon for reporting user attitudes : implementation
Analysis of utilizing mobile devices in enterprise resource planning
Ship's gear : a review of deck machinery
The assessment and reduction of motion artifact in dry contact biopotential electrodes
User interface design for electronic appliances
This work was done in a company named TactoTek, which is specialized in embedding electronic components into 3D molded plastic. The technology allows curved touch interfaces produced cost efficiently by integrating infrared transmitters and receivers into molded plastic. How to design an optical touch application that runs on a microcontroller of limited power and processing resources providing touch functionality that meets today’s standards. The basic concepts of infrared detection and the frustrated total internal reflection (FTIR) phenomenon are gone through. The SW and HW architecture, signal processing and algorithms are described at high level. A prototype device was developed with PC connectivity in order to read the runtime data to be displayed in the signal monitoring application and to feed the algorithm on computer. A simulator SW was developed to explore different kinds of methods for calculating touch points. The best algorithm candidate was integrated in a microcontroller providing digital interface for host device communication. The prototype’s performance and accuracy was evaluated by using a robot tester and other manual measurement methods. In the end the prototype device was integrated in a cell phone with a rebuilt mechanics.The developed touch application has an accurate multi touch functionality and allows input to be given with gloved hands. In addition, a touch size, shape and relative pressure are calculated. This study proves that this technology has potential and it can compete with the existing technologies providing a good performance, accuracy and a multi-touch functionality. The challenge in the technology is the activation sensitivity compared to the capacitive, which does not need a physical contact for a touch activation. On the other hand the FTIR panel provides a more natural and secure input method for applications where unintentional touches should be avoided. This could be advantageous in consumer applications where usually buttons and switches have been used, for example household and automotive applications. In order to achieve an optimal solution, more studies are needed in the material, hardware and signal processing.
Teleamp UI
Mobile devices have become extremely popular during the past few years. They are used widely in business and everyday life by the young and the elderly. As the mobile devices and their operating systems have developed, the manufacturers have made it possible also for everyday users to create their own applications using specific Software Development Kits. For that reason, it is now common that applications are created not only by third party companies but also by everyone interested in the matter. The mobile business has come to a point where there are a few big companies responsible for developing the operating systems used by most hardware manufacturers. Of all the operating systems, there are two which have grown their market share during the past few years: Apple's iOS and Google's Android. The purpose of this thesis was to compare the two, finding out how easy they are to take into use, and to develop and publish applications with. The study was carried out as an empirical research. The research was made on both operating systems and the SDKs. Based on that knowledge, applications were created and published for both systems. The basic outline of the study was installing and working with both SDKs, developing and publishing applications using the SDKs, and estimating the costs of installing development kits in an educational environment. The objectives of this study were achieved as planned: both SDKs were successfully installed, four applications were created altogether, an estimation of costs was made and overall experience of both systems was gained.
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
Interactive system for ubiqutous home services : b Kotipalvelujen vuorovaikutteinen läsnä-älyjärjestelmä
The design of sensor location and information visualisation for industrial environments: IBM Deutschland GmbH
This paper presents results from a study on the effectiveness of digital signage in the retail environment. The goal of the study was to examine design parameters relevant to digital signage content design which could be used to create guidelines and templates for designing effective digital signage content. In this study, we focused on how video and animation affect the effectiveness of digital signage. When comparing still content with content enhanced with video or animation, no significant difference in effectiveness could be observed. This observation contradicts with earlier studies. Our study supports the views that the digital displays are currently most useful and effective to the younger generation, and that male customers consider digital displays in a store more useful than females do.
Advanced control and instrumentation systems in nuclear power plants : design, verification and validation : IAEA/IWG/ATWR & NPPCI Technical Committee Meeting, Espoo/Helsinki, Finland, 20-23 June 1994
