http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p819 life expectations
life expectations
Alchemy : an introduction to the symbolism and the psychology
Pathways to adulthood : developmental tasks, financial resources and agency
The unnamed : a novel
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvement in your life
We need new names
The changing parent-child relationship, self-esteem, and intelligence as determinants of orientation to the future during early adolescence
Selection day
Alfred and Emily
Pupils' views of the meaning of schoolbooks for learning and the meaning of school in learning for life in Zambia
Magnetizing your heart's desire
The world view of young people : a longitudinal study of Finnish youth living in a suburb of metropolitan Helsinki
Cathie Kinrade is all too used to hardship. Growing up on the Isle of Man in the 1930s, she sees her da set sail daily on dangerous seas while her mam struggles to put food on the table. Cathie has little hope for her own future, until a chance encounter changes her fortunes for ever. Fiercely determined, Cathie leaves for Liverpool, a bustling modern city full of possibility. With a lively job as a shop girl in a grand department store, and a firm friend in kind-hearted Julia, Cathie has found her niche. But the discovery of an explosive secret could put everything at risk. And when love comes calling, Cathie's new friends fear that she may be set to trust the wrong man with her heart.
Night train to Lisbon
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
The big picture : 11 laws that will change your life
Now the war is over
It's up to you New York
Abstract.
There's no future for us here! : Mari youth on living in Shorunzha
The carriage house : a novel
Affluenza : how to be successful and stay sane
Chaplin and company
There is currently an epidemic of 'affluenza' throughout the world - an obsessive, envious, keeping-up-with-the-Joneses - that has resulted in huge increases in depression and anxiety among millions. Over a nine-month period, bestselling author Oliver James travelled around the world to try and find out why. He discovered how, despite very different cultures and levels of wealth, affluenza is spreading. Cities he visited include Sydney, Singapore, Moscow, Budapest, Copenhagen, Delhi and Shanghai, and in each place he interviewed several groups of people in the hope of finding out not only why this is happening, but also how one can increase the strength of one's emotional immune system. He asks: why do so many more people want what they haven't got and want to be someone they're not, despite being richer and freer from traditional restraints? And, in so doing, uncovers the answer to how to reconnect with what really matters and learn to value what you've already got. In other words, how to be successful and stay sane--Publisher.
The script of life in modern society : entry into adulthood in a changing world
Alfred & Emily
Life in the universe : expectations and constraints
The island escape
The development of future-orientation in a life-span context
Captivating : unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Eating the dinosaur
Heart and home
Existential questions in early youth and adolescence
The light of evening
Workin' On a Dream: the American Dream in the lyrics of Bruce Springsteen, 1995-2009
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
Missing out : in praise of the unlived life
Ninth graders' values, goals and views about learning and school : a comparative analysis in three countries: Finland, Russia, Estonia
The Friday gospels
Shaping the future : aspiritional leadership in India and beyond
Autobiography of us
Always and forever
Future time perspective and motivation : theory and research method
How do adolescents see their future? : a review of the development of future orientation and planning
Longbourn : a novel
Adolescents' orientation to the future : appendix
A far country
Letters to future generations
The gifts of imperfection : Let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
The baby diaries
The view of the future held by ninth graders and the role of education : a comparative study of Finnish and Mexican students who study in English
Revolution 2020 : love, corropution, ambition
Stumbling on Happiness
The home corner
Changes in student smoking habits at the vocational institutions and senior secondary schools and health education
A season of secrets
The list of my desires
Rural Young People in Changing Europe : Comparative Study of Living Conditions and Participation of Rural Young People in Estonia, Finland, Germany, Italy and Sweden
In The Gifts of Imperfection, Brené Brown, a leading expert on shame, authenticity, and belonging, shares ten guideposts on the power of Wholehearted living--a way of engaging with the world from a place of worthiness.
Stabilising of life : a substantive theory of family survivorship with a parent with cancer
The meaning of life among secondary school pupils : a theoretical framework and some initial results
Brilliant future : work out what you want and plan how to get there
Daring to dream
The bricks that built the houses
Part of the spell
At the crossroads between working life and early exit : the middle-aged Finnish babyboomers and their lifestyle choices
Writing the script of your life : a report on a Comenius project 1999-2002
The house on Mango Street
Vince and Joy : The love story of a lifetime
Country : a novel
Speaking of life : horizons of meaning for nursing home residents
Visioning : ten steps to designing the life of your dreams
Scaling of optimism and pessimism about the global future
The time of their lives
The last lecture
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults = Toivottomuus suomalaisessa aikuisväestössä
Personality and work expectations of Finnish business students : an application of Holland's career orientation
Youth and change
The probability of miracles : one summer to live a lifetime
If I knew you were going to be this beautiful, I never would have let you go
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
Remember my name
Future-orientation of Finnish students
The future and Finnish youth : personal hopes and global fears
Create your perfect future : heal your past to create the life of your dreams
The lake shore limited
Perspectives on social exclusion, citizenship and youth
Once upon a time, in small-town India, there lived two intelligent boys. One wanted to use his intelligence to make money. One wanted to use his intelligence to create a revolution. The problem was, they both loved the same girl. Welcome to Revolution 2020. A story about childhood friends Gopal, Raghav and Aarti who struggle to find success and love in Varanasi. However, it isn?t easy to achieve this in an unfair society that rewards the corrupt. As Gopal gives in to the system, and Raghav fights it, who will win?
The desert rose
Imagining India  : ideas for a new century
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults
Stumbling on happiness
Personal future orientation : plans, attitudes and control beliefs of adolescents living in Joensuu, Finland and Petrozavodsk, Russia in 1990s
Education and students' future-orientation : adolescents' future preparation, future goals and self-evaluation in educational contexts in Finland and Poland
