http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p82 registers
registers
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
A computer program package for cancer survival studies : version 1.0
Abstract.
Finnish merchant vessels
Report of the FAO technical consultation to identify a structure and strategy for the development and implementation of the global record of fishing vessels, refrigerated transport vessels and supply vessels, Rome, 8-12 November 2010.
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
Shipowners lose patience
The enregisterment of minority languages in a Danish classroom
Anonymizing health data : case studies and methods to get you started
The national basic registers of society : general description
Integrity in government through records management
Classification survey dates supplement : 1983-84 Register book. No. 6, December 1983.
Jane's high-speed marine craft 1990
“Licence to interpret” : on the Authorization and Registration of Interpreters
On traditional register in oral poetry
Land registration forms : being a companion volume to Concise land registration practice
Statistics, registries and science : experiences from Finland
Registers of oral poetry
The English register of Godstow Nunnery, near Oxford, written about 1450. Part 1, Prefixed pieces ; Foundation deeds ; Estates, Berkshire to Oxfordshire
European register of microform masters (EROMM) : supporting international cooperation
Nordtest register of test methods : Nordtest technical reports, general documents and position papers
"He is a living testimony of HOSPITALITY" : positive references and evaluative conventions on Couchsurfing.org
The Grants register. 1985-1987
Proposal for the establishment of an Åland International Ship Register and Tonnage Tax Regime
The 1997 dental implant yearbook
Government access and collection of private information
Private lives and public surveillance : social control in the computer age
The 2002 dental implant yearbook
List of shipowners & managers 2008-09
Report of the European workshop on national registers of chemical products, 30 November and 1 December 1995, Tampere, Finland
How to design a sustainable national database (population register) for developing countries
Data quality after restructuring a national medical registry
Social welfare and health care statistics and registers in NAWH
Nordic medical birth registers in epidemiological research
Centralized Debtor Database for Instant Loan Creditors - New Service Concept
Fairplay : world shipping directory 2002-2003
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
International introductions of inland aquatic species
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
The English register of Oseney Abbey, by Oxford, written about 1460. Part 2, Forewords ; Grammar notes ; Indexes
The Vikings are going
Directory
A computer program package for cancer survival studies
Recording, documentation, and information management for the conservation of heritage places : guiding principles
Pricing Strategies and Customer Retention : The Case of Airtel (T) Ltd
Benjamin Franklin's first government printing : the Pennsylvania General Loan Office mortgage register of 1729 and subsequent Franklin mortgage registers and bonds
Archives and recordkeeping : theory into practice
Lloyd's register : 250 years of service
Documenting individual identity : the development of state practices in the modern world
Member register for Oulun Tradenomiopiskelijat Otro ry : 399IS information systems project
The 1996 implant yearbook on orthopaedic prostheses
An introduction to Registers of communication
Report of the expert consultation on the development of a comprehensive global record of fishing vessels : Rome, 25-28 February 2008.
Register of offshore units, submersibles & diving systems
A Yale papyrus (P Yale III 137) in the Beinecke rare book and manuscript library III
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
List of shipowners. 1979-80
Cruise ships are largest to fly the US flag
Swedish shipping register : 1948-1949
Documenting occupational therapy practice
Social welfare and health care statistics and registers in STAKES
Security log management : identifying patterns in the chaos
Finnish Cancer Registry 1952-1977 : twenty-five years of a nationwide cancer registry
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Jane's merchant ships
Directory of international economic organizations
Language and context : a functional linguistic theory of register
As a celebration of Anne Thurston's pioneering work on records and archives management as an essential basis for demonstrating integrity in government, this excellent volume brings together scholars and practicing archivists to discuss key issues around records as evidence for accountability, transparency and the protection of citizens' rights. Never before have authors from the developing and developed worlds come together to explore the intersection of records management, public administration and international development. The book covers Thurston's work, the importance of records management for effective governance and digital records management and preservation in developing countries. Case studies from across Africa enhance the theoretical and practical perspectives taken by the authors. This book will be essential reading for scholars and students interested in records management and good governance around the world.
Register of orders of chivalry : report of the International Commission for Orders of Chivalry = Registre des orders de chevalerie : rapport de la Commission Internationale d'Études des Ordres de Chevalerie
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Health registers as a source of data for research and policy making
Report to the London conference of ministers on a European Register of Quality Assurance Agencies
Information systems architecture for national and international statistical offices : guidelines and recommendations
Economies of scale and technological development in securities depository and settlement systems
Is Finland going to open the parallel register for the ferries?
Jane's high-speed marine craft and air cushion vehicles 1988
Statin adherence and its effect on cost-effectiveness in the prevention of cardiovascular events
Examining equity in access to health care using register data : Pathways to coronary revascularisation in Finland 1995-1998
Asset management in customer relation with Stora Enso
Access to Finnish law
A second ships' register
The registers of Karelian lamenters
Enregisterment and communication in social history
Protecting and indemnity club : rules
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
3D cadastre in an international context : legal, organizational, and technological aspects
Engaging privacy and information technology in a digital age
International register of shipping : register no 81
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Use of register and administrative data sources for statistical purposes : best practices of Statistics Finland
Finnish merchant fleet in 2002.
InterSAVE : International Survey of Architectural Values in the Environment
Register of new fruit and nut varieties : by Reid M. Brooks and H.P. Olmo
Environmental hazard classification : data collection and interpretation guide for substances to be evaluated for classification as dangerous for the environment
The register of Pope Gregory VII, 1073-1085 : an English translation
Dimensions of register variation : a cross-linguistic comparison
Radiography : study guide and registry review
Nordtest register of test methods : Nordtest technical reports and general documents
Inimitable examples : school texts and the classical register in contemporary French politics
The 2000 dental implant yearbook
Underwriters'  list of iron vessels,  shewing the class of those which have been surveyed by the Liverpool registry , established 1862. From September 1st, 1874 to August 31st 1875. For the use of subscribers only
Accounting and financial management in the hotel and catering industry : vol. I
'The emperor's new clothes' : recordkeeping in a new context
The usage of open source content management system Drupal in small and medium scale web applications
The 1995 dental implant yearbook
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Principal family and estate collections. Family names A-K
Royal library of Stockholm Huseby 78 as a commonplace book : a case study of the suitability of genre, text-type and register analysis for manuscript classification
Finns propose a third register
Finnish Cancer Registry 1952-1977 : list of publications = Suomen syöpärekisteri 1952-1977 : julkaisut
Cancer incidence in Finland 1998 and 1999 : cancer statistics of the National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health
Classification survey dates supplement : 1980-81 Register book. No. 12, June 1981.
Vessels deleted from Finland's register of ships in 2004.
The gold in your customer records
Epidemiological evaluation of the Nordic health registers for dairy cows : data transfer, validation and human influence on disease recordings
Fact and fiction : genres and registers in a diary novel
Principles of social case recording
Register of conventional arms : information booklet
Godby shipping vessels 1973-2006
Issues and factors affecting the success and failure of a student record system development process : a longitudinal investigation based on reflection-in-action
Shipbrokers' register : copyright by Wm. Wramfelt
Effective documentation for physical therapy professionals
Vessels deleted from Finland's register of ships in 2003.
Grain tithes and manorial yields in early modern Sweden : trends and patterns of production and productivity c. 1540-1680
The English register of Godstow Nunnery, near Oxford, written about 1450. [Part 3], Foreword, grammar notes, indexes
