http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8207 solar power stations
solar power stations
Solar electricity handbook : a simple, practical guide to solar energy : designing and installing photovoltaic solar electric systems
Large-scale solar power systems: construction and economics
Solar electricity handbook : a simple, practical guide to solar energy : how to design and install photovoltaic solar electric systems
Solar power plant design
Photovoltaics : Fundamentals, Technology and Practice
Large-scale solar thermal power : technologies, costs and development
Materials and sustainable development
Powerplant technology
The power guide : An international catalogue of small-scale energy equipment
Abstract.
Solar power generation : technology, new concepts and policy
Very large scale photovoltaic power - state of the art and into the future
Abstract: Document describes design and feasibility study of a PV power plant possibly located in Finland (Nordic area). This thesis concentrates to solar electricity production.  Primary goal was to plan profitable low carbon-emission power plant and measure different technical solutions profits and losses to be able to implement most beneficial systems to Nordic markets. Finland's yearly profile for solar irritation is changing from 24h (summer) irritation to 0h (winter) irritation and this alone demands system that somehow can follow sun path to be able to generate more energy. At the end of document is brief business case and differences between private household installed systems vs. this solar power presented.  Total production of planned power plant would be 11,25GWh/yearly. Designed power plant consists from 24 000 pieces / 340Watt panels. Solar panels are installed in 50 horizontal trackers each containing 480 panels. Total land area for power plant is about 20 ha. Electricity produced will be feed directly to national grid.  Power plant's operational time without significant changes is 30 years; example solar panels produce over 80% from their capacity after 25 years of use. Price of PV power plant is 9 000 000 € and payback time is 10 years.
Renewable energy : sustainable energy concepts for the future
Using accumulators in northern solar power plants
Environmentally conscious alternative energy production
Introducing the solar tower project in Netherlands according to the enviromission project in Australia
"This 4th volume in the established Energy From The Desert series examines and evaluates the potential and feasibility of Very Large Scale Photovoltaic Power Generation (VLS-PV) systems, which have capacities ranging from several megawatts to gigawatts, and to develop practical project proposals toward implementing the VLS-PV systems in the future. Comprehensively analysing all major issues involved in such large scale applications, based on the latest scientific and technological developments and by means of close international co-operation with experts from different countries. From the perspective of the global energy situation, global warming, and other environmental issues, it is apparent that VLS-PV systems can: contribute substantially to global energy needs; become economically and technologically feasible soon; contribute significantly to the global environment protection; contribute significantly to socio-economic development. Energy policies around the world are gradually changing direction to focus less on nuclear energy with the expectation to turn to denuclearization entirely with the negative impacts of nuclear energy, while in parallel the importance of and expectations for renewable energy technologies are increasing drastically as possible energy infrastructure, as well as environmental friendly technology. This book recognises that very large scale solar electricity generation provides economic, social and environmental benefits, security of electricity supply and fair access to affordable and sustainable energy solutions and that VLS-PV systems must be one of the promising options for large-scale deployment of PV systems and renewable energy technologies"--
RF disturbances produced by high-power photovoltaic solar plants
Solar Electricity Handbook : a simple, practical guide to solar energy: how to design and install photovoltaic solar electric systems
Wind and solar power systems
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Study on distributed energy options in Skaftkärr testbed
New company's standards and estimates in financial aspect
Solar Electricity Handbook : a simple, practical guide to solar energy : designing and installing photovoltaic solar electric systems
Photovoltaics in Buildings : A Design Handbook for Architects and Engineers
Wind and solar power systems : design, analysis, and operation
Energy conversion
