http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p820 expectations
expectations
Working-life expectancy in Finland : development in 2000-2009 and forecast for 2010-2015 : a multistate life table approach
How do adolescents see their future? : a review of the development of future orientation and planning
Inflation dynamics in the euro area and the role of expectations : further results
China's outbound tourism has experienced tremendous growth in recent years. The fact that the Chinese outbound market is a very valuable market, not only because of its size, but also due to the shopping behavior of Chinese tourists, provides the background and rationale for this thesis.  Finland is still mainly seen as only a convenient gateway rather than a single destination for the Chinese tourists. Up to two thirds of the Chinese tourists that pass through Helsinki continue onwards to other destinations; the rest that stop in the city remain only a few nights.     The development of increasingly appealing travel products is the challenge that Helsinki faces today. The ultimate goal is to attract new Chinese tourists to Helsinki and Radisson SAS Seaside and keep the current ones satisfied enough to come back. In order for the products to be appealing, they must be adapted to the specific needs of Chinese tourists. This thesis aims to gain a better understanding of Chinese tourists, so that services and travel products could be adapted to their specific needs.     Radisson SAS Seaside hotel has noticed the demand. At the end of the study recommendations are given to the hotel on how it can better cater for the needs and expectations of its Chinese customers. Suggestions are given on: How can existing services be improved? How can new appealing travel products be built?    The theoretical background takes a look into the history, development and main characteristics of Chinese outbound tourism. The underlying cultural values behind the behaviour of Chinese tourists are presented. Drawing from former research both in Finland and elsewhere, the key characteristics of Chinese tourists are described.    The interests and opinions of 205 Chinese hotel guests were measured at Radisson SAS hotel during the summer of 2007. A structured questionnaire consisting of three sections was used as the research instrument. The data was thoroughly analyzed by descriptive techniques of frequency and mean scores.    The results show that the most popular activities were those related to Finnish lifestyle and nature: such as a stroll in the woods, dining at a Finnish home and a summer cottage experience. Out of the top ten, six of were focused around nature. The results also show that the Chinese want to learn about and experience the Finnish way of life in a deeper way, so emphasis should be placed on this when possible new travel products are created. Out of all the 19 activities and experiences introduced in the questionnaire, the ten that were most appealing to the Chinese tourists could be used to make new travel products at Radisson SAS Seaside. The travel products should be flexible in nature: each experience could be sold as a separate product or the guests could mix and match according to their own like. The packages could also vary in length or in depth of experience. Suggestions are also given on how the hotel can improve its existing services for the Chinese.
The last lecture
Abstract: Russian customers' satisfaction with the services provided by transport Huttunen Ltd.
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Married to a perfect stranger
Expectations of elderly people on the nurse-client relationship and interaction in home care : "When I see the nurse's smiling face it feels likes sunshine on a rainy and gloomy day"
Vietnamese overseas students' expectation recruitment agencies in home country
Helsinki’s Image as a Tourism Destination in St Petersburg
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
Perceptions of service quality in Hellsten Hotel Apartments
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
Inflation expectations and regime shifts
Professional services : text and cases
Smarter than you think :  how technology is changing our minds for the better
The image of Hotel Kämp : perceptions of customers, staff, and management
Customer needs for the specially designed furniture and indoor sets for children
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Exceeding customer expectations : what Enterprise, America's #1 car rental company, can teach us about creating lifetime customers
The mask carver's son
Do households have rational expectations on future consumption? : Evidence from the Finnish Consumer Survey
THE IMPACT OF ENTERTAINMENT ON THE TOURISM SECTOR : Case study: Agency Remarc Greece
The Globalisation of school choice?
The main objective of the thesis is focused on understanding the service and operation  model of Chinese restaurants in Finland,  identifying the gaps between the service suppliers' and the  customers' view on service quality and trying to find out the best Chinese restaurant service design in Finland.     The conceptual framework of the thesis is based on the service design, the scale to measure the service quality - SERVQUAL model, and the comparison of Finnish and Chinese food culture and restaurant management.     A combination of the qualitative and quantitative methods has been applied to analysis the research results. The face to face interviews on three Chinese restaurant owners give the qualitative perspective of the restaurant entrepreneurs and the surveys on 70 students from Haaga-Helia University of Applied Science give the quantitative view of the restaurant customers.    In conclusion, the more than 200 Chinese restaurants in Finland are sharing the same service and operation model - the excessively localized Finnish-Chinese food with slightly different serving styles. From the restaurant entrepreneurs' point of view, the lack of raw material and expensive labour cost in Finland are the main reasons for missing the taste of genuine Chinese food. They hope to present the authentic Chinese culture and offer the genuine Chinese cuisine. On the other hand, the customers are eager to experience the authentic Chinese cuisine and food culture in Finland. Wishes from both parties merged into one goal, which is to offer the genuine Chinese food to customers in the Chinese restaurants in Finland. This should serve as the main strategy for future Chinese restaurant management in Finland.
Native Speaker Intervention in the University Russian Classroom
Learning and expectations in macroeconomics
Sexpectations girl
How to cater better to the needs of Chinese tourists
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
Land where I flee
Endogenous economic fluctuations : studies in the theory of rational beliefs
A far country
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Computer-aided warriors for future battlefields
The Jane Austen marriage manual
Future of the media : sights from the inside
Good learning environment / perceptions of good quality in comprehensive schools by pupils, parents and teachers
Age differences in adolescent future-oriented goals, concerns, and related temporal extension in different sociocultural contexts
The role of expectations in euro area inflation dynamics
Second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020 : alternative futures
Porvoo and the whole region of Itä-Uusimaa is constantly growing and becoming a more and more important factor in the metropolitan area. To meet future demands a new campus is going to be built in Porvoo in 2010. The planning work is being done in co-operation with the city of Porvoo, two universities of applied sciences, i.e. Laurea and HAAGA-HELIA, and Posintra, a regional development company. The aim of the thesis was to find out what expectations international students had on the new campus. Data were collected by means of questionnaires consisting of relevant questions. The questionnaire included open questions and the students could freely respond and express their own thoughts. The theoretical framework of the thesis comprises three main fields: Itä-Uusimaa as a region, campuses in general and HAAGA-HELIA from the international viewpoint. The region was described and a swot analysis was made of it. Campuses in general were discussed and some examples on both domestic and international campuses were presented. There is also information on HAAGA-HELIA and its international activities. The questionnaire was handed to the first, second and third year international students who study at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo. The third year students were not that eager to answer the questionnaire. The reason to that was that they are about to graduate and will therefore not study at HAAGA-HELIA in 2010. After analysing the answers from the respondents it was clear that the students wanted the New Porvoo Campus 2010 to be big enough, with a bigger library, bigger cafeteria with a larger number of seats, and with dormitories within the area of the new campus. When asked about the free time activities and hobbies most of the respondents wanted to find a gym and also space to practice different sports like football and basketball.
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Examining international tourists' satisfaction with Hanoi tourism
Finnish foreign correspondents in Moscow : balancing between external expectations, personal ambitions and working conditions
Firstborn
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Porvoo Campus and the international students' expectations
Career development possibilities through temporary recruitment  agencies : Case study
Examination of customer expectation & experience of service quality: service quality in Starbucks, Chester, U.K
Achieving total retail : consumer expectations driving the next retail business model
Disability-free life expectancy by level of education in Finland
Rich and mad
Psychology of expectations
Non-native speakers in call centers : the influence of language on the perceived service quality
What environmental ecologists expect of biological museums
Adopting changing customer expectations into service development
Success and failure of mergers and acquisitions in the perspective of commercial due diligence
The use of real time information in Phillips curve relationships for the euro area
Parents' educational expectations and their social-psychological patterning
Finnish CLIL pupils in the capital area : English language competence and the role of parental involvement and expectations
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Literacy skills, mathematical skills and educational expectations among Finnish adolescents
Russian customers' satisfaction with the services provided by transport Huttunen Ltd
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Owners' way or the highway: : short-term expectations and owner impatience
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to discover the perceptions and expectations of ethnically diverse population regarding culturally competent care. We also wanted to find out what the patients considered to be the main barriers in providing culturally competent care. We aimed to find studies specifically in primary care settings.     This final project is a part of Local and Global Development in Social Services and Health Care (LOG-Sote) project. This project aims to develop heath care services in Finland towards a more immigrant-friendly direction. The methodology of this final project was a systematic literature review consisting of fifteen research articles obtained through CINAHL, PUBMED and OVID (MEDLINE) databases.     The findings indicated that the patients expected the care they received from the health care providers to be family-orientated, respectful and holistic. Patients also wanted their cultural, religious and traditional beliefs and practices to be taken into account throughout their care. The main barriers to culturally competent care, according to the patients from various different ethnic backgrounds, were mostly related to communication, lack of common language between the patients and the healthcare providers, inadequate information provided to the patients by the healthcare providers and unmet health care need.     If the patients' expectations and perceptions regarding culturally competent care are discovered, it would help the health care professionals to understand their patients' needs and provide culturally appropriate care. This could help the health care professionals to further develop their cultural competence skills, thus, improving the cooperation with patients from different ethnical backgrounds..
Sports as a motivation to study English : young athletes and the L2 motivational self system
Roadmap for communication technologies, services and business models 2010, 2015 and beyond
Is the euro area at risk of Japanese-style deflation?
This study has been conducted for the commissioning party Maxima Garden situated in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The purpose of conducting this study on customer satisfaction was to assist the commissioning company for better understanding of their customer with the help of the survey outcomes. The objectives of the research were to find out the existing customers' perceptions in respect of product price, quality and service of the company. The thesis report includes few segments. The introduction chapter states a small introduction of the research and a little background of the commissioning company. The theoretical review section lists a bunch of relevant theories, which are related to customer satisfaction, their expectations and factors that affect in obtaining satisfactions to guide the research process. The empirical part of the research states that a quantitative method has been followed to make the survey with a set of designed structured and unstructured questionnaire through a paper survey; a census study has been done to reach the highest possibilities of reliability and validity of the investigation. Furthermore, the discussion chapter reveals the research's evaluation of findings, which in general explores that the customer satisfaction level at Maxima Garden was relatively high. Even though the satisfaction level was relatively high a list of suggestions have been recommended, which would be wise to consider for avoiding uncertainty in future. In the very last segment of this study how the theoretical framework was interrelated to the research outcomes has been revealed. A conclusion has been made to close the study. In conclusion it has been acknowledged that the aims of the study: firstly to assist the commissioning party and secondly to achieve the final grade for accomplishing the degree have been met successfully.
The Tattoo Industry has been growing at an exponential rate during the last decade around the World and with it, the amount of revenue that generates to the Tourism Industry. Despite this, there is a lack of literature regarding what attracts tattoo enthusiasts towards going through the actual tattoo experience. Without this information it is difficult to get the most out of this potentially important market, reason why this research was carried out.    To understand what the paper means by tattoo experience, it is important on the first place to understand what is meant by service experience. Information about this topic has been presented during chapter 2. This literature review includes the three stages of the service experience, the service environments and its effects on people's perceptions as well as the role of previous expectations and customer familiarity.    The methodology used to carry out with this research was qualitative methodology. It was chosen over quantitative methodology because the last one uses the objective approach; it is the positivist research, which looks for facts, description and explanation. On the other hand, the qualitative methodology uses a subjective approach; it is more interpretivist and involves the participation of the researcher. Since this particular thesis seeks to understand tattoo enthusiasts' perceptions, the author decided that the qualitative methodology would be the most appropriate.     The study was carried out by interviewing via e-mail 6 chosen cases that were randomly chosen. The number of cases was decided and justified using literature on qualitative research methodology. The interview protocol was designed using the literature review chapter frame-work, in order to make a logical and useful interview. The responses of each question of the interview were first isolated and summarized. The results were analyzed by comparing these responses and conclusions were driven afterwards.     The conclusions obtained from this research showed that there are similarities in the results with regards to those showed during the literature review and obtained by other researchers' previous studies. On the other hand, some differences were also found that could have an ultimate impact in making a difference when trying to attract tattoo enthusiasts who generate millions of dollars every year to the Tourism Industry. For this reason, the author ended the thesis by suggesting some further researches on the topic. The study is intended to benefit the Tourism Industry with regards to its relationship with the Tattoo Industry.
Rational bubbles : theoretical basis, economic relevance, and empirical evidence with a special emphasis on the German stock market
While other research has been completed on ethnic return migration to Finland, particularly on Ingrian Finns, very little attention has been paid to the remigration of ethnic Finns born and raised abroad in Western countries, such as the United States, Canada, and other European states. This article takes an exploratory approach and seeks to shed light on why people with Finnish roots born and raised in other Western countries seek to (re)migrate, as well as what they hope and expect of life in Finland. Results from focus group data collected at a Finnish language and culture course suggest that these individuals view their ethnic homeland very positively prior to migration, and consider the (re)migration process as natural or inevitable as a result of having Finnish roots. Participants expected to adapt to life in Finland with ease and discussed the benefits of having Finnish roots as a newcomer in the country..
Changing Economic Conditions and Identity Formation in Adulthood
Expectancy and emotion
Stakeholder expectations : conceptual foundations and empirical analysis
Comparing alternative Phillips curve specifications : European results with survey-based expectations
This thesis was carried out in cooperation with the Finnish Divers' Federation. The research problem was to find out Finnish scuba divers' opinions on diving activities in Finland and abroad. The objective was to get up-to-date research-based information on potential dive tourists' needs and expectations, enabling the development of dive tourism to coincide with the research results. The theoretical part of this research was made regarding both Finnish and foreign studies relating to dive tourism, literature relating to sports tourism and producing tourism services as well as statistics on Finnish leisure travel. Quantitative research was chosen as the research method for this study. An online questionnaire was sent by e-mail to 4033 members of the Finnish Divers' Federation. The questionnaire was also published on the web pages of the Federation and Snorkkeli.net. 642 answers were accepted to form the empirical data. The questionnaire was created and the data analyzed with Webropol software. One of the essential outcomes of this research was that the Finnish divers form a very heterogeneous group. Diving has increased its popularity, especially among women, families with children, senior citizens and physically disabled people. According to this research, instead of commercial dive operators Finns prefer the services of dive associations for their inexpensive prices and the sense of community. Finns make many self-planned dive holidays, but they also use travel operators' package deals when more convenient. Finns are very price-quality conscious customers whose destination choices are guided by recommendations from familiar divers, Internet forums and companies' web pages. They demand plenty from their dive operator: expertise, reliability, dive safety and green values that prevent the deterioration of the dive sites. The domestic destination favourites were the Archipelago Sea, Åland Island and Hanko; foreign favourites were Norway, Egypt, Mexico, Indonesia, Thailand and Australia. The research demonstrated that the supply of dive holidays as it is now does not meet the demand. Dive operators should offer their services in the future with more economical prices and to more destinations; they should also take into consideration the needs of different groups of clients. However, the future of dive holidays is looking good. As more people take up diving, more dive destinations are discovered, dive operators get specialized and services get better. As our world keeps globalizing and technology keeps developing, new possibilities, new experiences and exoticness will become available for scuba divers.
Dialogue instead of a monologue : advertisers' expectations towards the media
Expectation management in IT organization : case: Company X Oyj
Borrowing Coy's (2004) words; Communicating hotel's marketing message to the “general public” is a waste of time, money and effort.  The general public is too large a mass, its de-scription too vague and its needs too varied for you to satisfy. Smart hotel marketers use segmentation and profiling and direct marketing to reach specific customer segments that a need, interest and ability to buy their hotel products.”    This case study concentrates on a customer segment demanding for more 'luxurious' services compared to an average hotel guest, as Crowne Plaza Helsinki offers their customers accommodation in club rooms for somewhat higher rates. The most noticeable objective of this thesis was to better understand the expectations and the needs of this particular segment.  By accomplishing the research, the aim was to find out what kind of products and services these quests could be advertised and provided with in order to make the stay in Helsinki an excellent experience.    This work has been completed within a rather compact timeframe, between May 2008, when starting the actual planning,  and November 2008 by which the research part, analysis and finalizing the work was done. A questionnaire was used as a research method and the study as whole was carried out within approximately a three week period.    The thesis is hoped to be helpful for the related company when developing marketing ideas in the near future. When considering the market circumstances with this specific niche in question, the created customer profile could help the hotel marketers as well as even destination marketers in co-operation to reach the right customers, and lay out marketing and advertising strategies to successfully communicate with targeted, prospective customers    This work also benefits the author, functioning as an excellent experience and learning tool bearing in mind the forthcoming career opportunities.    Following the official guideline, this paper progresses from introduction and literature review on to methodology explained all the way to analysis and final conclusions. Necessary addi-tional information is found in the end as appendices
Customer satisfaction survey : case: Airport Hotel Bonus Inn
To what extent does a mid-market hotel deliver its brand promise to its customers?
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
Essays on expectations and the econometrics of asset pricing
Monetary policy, expectations and commitment
Motivations and expectations of Italians planning to move to Finland
The dynamics of musical expectancy : cross-cultural and statistical approaches to melodic expectations
Modeling expectations with noncausal autoregressions
Eating the dinosaur
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
The universum graduate survey 1999 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. University of Oulu, university report 1999 : science & engineering students
Corporate brand repositioning with CSR as the differentiating factor : a study on consumer perceptions
Testing Bayesian learning model using actual empirical data on the general public's inflation expectations
The development of future-orientation in a life-span context
Customer behavior and customer expectations in Maxi cafeteria
Motivations and expectations of potential ethnic return migrants from Western countries to Finland
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
Dynamics of inflation expectations in the euro area
This thesis is a quantitative research project commissioned by Hellsten Hotel Apartments. The aim of the thesis is to study guest perceptions of Hellsten Hotel Apartments approached through service quality. Furthermore, the management view of guest expectations is included to form a holistic picture of how service quality can be managed.     The framework of the study consists of an extensive literature review exploring models of service quality and the influencing factors of guest expectations and perceptions present in the formation of perceived service quality. Moreover, the GAP-model is used as a theoretical framework to approach the research problem, and methods and issues of measuring service quality in relation to the chosen model are discussed.    The research is conducted through a survey based on the SERVQUAL instrument, measuring customer expectations and experience and comparing them to obtain a view of satisfaction with the quality.     The survey was webbased and distributed to hotel guests, and 172 answers were obtained for analysis. In addition, a modified version of the questionnaire measuring manager perceptions of guest expectations was responded to by a total of five managers.    The key findings of the study were that guest expectations are met on most aspects of the service and that managers were well informed about guest expectations. Although overall satisfaction can be assumed, the results indicate that attention should be paid to service specifications and performance in attributes related to cleanliness and staff assurance.
Images of the future of privacy : A privacy dynamics framework and a causal layered analysis of ideal types
The IT service desk paradox : narrowing the gap between expectations and perception
Profile of a Crowne Plaza Helsinki Hotel “luxury” customer
Goals, means and illusions - how we create our future
Recovery
The island escape
Little red lies
Finnish dive tourism : Finnish scuba divers' opinions on diving activities in Finland and abroad
On the learnability of rational expectations equilibria in three business cycle models
Customer expectations and perceptions of service quality
Asset price dynamics under announced policy switching
Good learning environment : perceptions of good quality in comprehensive schools by pupils, parents and teachers
Behavioural economics. Vol. 1
Customer expectations at Uponor Suomi Oy Forssa
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
Return migration in Central Europe : transnational migrants' perspectives and local businesses ́ needs
This thesis aims to identify the needs of multicultural guests in German business hotels. The discovery of current literature on multicultural issues and on personalized service and its consequences as well as an overview of the German incoming tourism focusing business tourism provides theoretical knowledge on the topic.  As the main aim of this thesis is to explore which products and services are needed at a German business hotel in order to satisfy a business traveller with a diverse cultural background, primary research in form of a questionnaire survey was applied. In order to narrow the target group of multicultural guests, the authors targeted the main Eastern incoming markets with the greatest percentages: the Chinese; people from the Gulf states; the Japanese; Indians and Russians.  As qualitative and quantitative methods are combined in form of interviews and questionnaires, this thesis is a survey research. E-mail questionnaires were sent to companies dealing with German companies located in the target countries of this research. For the interviews, e-mails with the questions conducted for the interview were sent to two international chain hotels located in Germany.  Primary research findings verified that culturally diverse guests have different needs regarding their culture and religion. Such needs can't be ignored in order to satisfy the business hotel guests. Therefore, the specific needs have been determined. The authors' primary and secondary findings are divided into the specific cultural needs of service, language, food and beverages, religion, basic equipment as well as of additional facilities.  The main findings were the overall preference of an adjustment to the guests' cultures. The importance of languages, especially, the need of fluent English speaking personnel as well as of information, newspaper and TV channels in the guests' mother tongues. The significance of respecting the different religions of the guests, especially, with regard to food and beverages as well as to praying possibilities. The interest in the traditional German cuisine and in international cuisine by most of the hotel guests, however, their religion should be always considered.  The thesis ends with a discussion of the primary findings with regard to the secondary research as well as with the authors' suggestions how a German business hotel could implement those findings. Finally, recommendations for further research are given.
The impact of customer service quality on customer satisfaction in tourism sector
Monetary policy and market expectations : evidence from the FTSE 100 index option
We want a 3D game : customer expectations for the games company when buying a serious game
Euro area inflation has long been below the European Central Bank's objective for price stability and has continued to slow in recent months. This has given rise to heightened concerns that the euro area could soon be facing a prolonged period of deflation, as recently in Japan. The case of the United States shows, however, that the Japanese experience can be avoided. The key would seem to be the anchoring of inflation expectations. In the euro area, new measures of monetary accommodation have contributed to reducing the risk of Japanese-style deflation.
The properties of market-based and survey forecasts for different data releases
Value-in-exchange or expected value-in-use
Creating a better world : questions, actions and expectations of international students on sustainable development and its education
We are not ourselves : a novel
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
Service experience of tattoo enthusiasts
Great expectations : imagination and anticipation in tourism
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
The social mediation of everyday user experiences
Customer satisfaction research : case: Maxima Garden
A world of experiences : how are leisure time and its activities experienced? : a Finnish viewpoint
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Northern futures, young voices : a comparison of young people's presentations of their communities in Canada, Iceland, the Faeroe Islands, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia
The Tiger Woods syndrome  : why men prowl and how not to become the prey
How well can individuals approaching retirement estimate their future pension benefits?
Creating Customer Focused Service Descriptions
Essays on empirical asset pricing
What holiday tourists expect from currency exchange service in Finland?  : Case FOREX Bank Tampere
Customer expectations and perceptions within the company : case AKM Consulting Oy
Ethnically diverse patients' perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings: A Literature Review
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults = Toivottomuus suomalaisessa aikuisväestössä
”WE WANT A 3D GAME” : Customer expectations for the games company when buying a serious game
Longbourn : a novel
The Components of Rational Trust and the Power of Social Pressure
The Italian community in Finland is relatively small compared to other larger Italian communities abroad. Despite the quantitatively restricted dimensions, there are multiple reasons to study the phenomenon. First of all, the two countries represent the geographical extremes of the European Union as well as two very different realities in terms of historical, cultural and social background. These two member states of the EU in fact are very different in terms of multiculturalism / multiethnicity and for their role in the European unification process. Studying the migration flows between the two countries is therefore important not only to understand the bilateral relationship between Finland and Italy but it can also offer a more general perspective on how the European integration process is actually proceeding. This essay examines the decision-making process of Italians planning to move to Finland through a semantic analysis of the posts (or web messages) sent to the message board of web newsmagazine La Rondine by Italians looking for a relocation in Finland. The collection and analysis of the semantic universe provide the list of motivators at the basis of Finland as chosen destination and an outlook on how Finland is perceived by Italians. As a conclusion of the semantic analysis on the source material, a map on the opportunities and threats that Italians attribute to Finland, will be drawn..
More than just beer and sauerkraut : how German business hotels can adjust to the needs of their multicultural guests' needs
Exceeding expectations : the importance of service quality in customer satisfaction
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
The engagements : a novel
Standards and expectancies : contrast and assimilation in judgments of self and others
Managing Mental Standards with Corporate Citizenship Profiles
Life in the universe : expectations and constraints
