http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8206 right of possession
right of possession
A how-to manual for designing and collecting data for a map project based on a land use-and-occupancy method called the map biography.
Distribution of intellectual property rights and the development of technology suppliers
Abstract.
Policies for sustainably managing Canada's forests : tenure, stumpage fees, and forest practices
The exercise of public authority by international institutions : advancing international institutional law
Land leasing, land degradation and agricultural productivity in Finland
European Union law for international business : an introduction
Power and governance in a partially globalized world
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 3, Germany, Greece, Lithuania, Hungary
Are we entitled to our land? : a study of six informal settlements
Grabbing back : essays against the global land grab
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2009 on civilian crisis management studies
From assumptions to risk management : an analysis of risk management for changing circumstances in commercial contracts, especially in the Nordic coutries
Economic governance in Europe : comparative paradoxes and constitutional challenges
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Beyond the sacred forest : complicating conservation in Southeast Asia
Introduction to risk management and insurance
Innovation support in Latin America and Europe
Global environmental governance : law and regulation for the 21st century
The role of truth commisions in conflict resolution and human rights promotion : Chile, South-Africa and Guatemala : research report for the Department for Intenational Development Cooperation, Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
Global democracy and exclusion
Handbook of land and water grabs in Africa : foreign direct investment and food and water security
Australian real property law
Textbook on land law
Governance of tenure making it happen voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
Land and water : the rights interface
Land rights and investment treaties : expoloring the interface
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Funding, exit, takeovers. Volume III
The use of force in UN peace operations
Feminist perspectives on land law
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Your digital afterlife : when Facebook, Flickr and Twitter are your estate, what's your legacy?
Legislative XML for the semantic Web : principles, models, standards for document management
Living proof : the essential data-collection guide for indigenous use -and-occupancy map surveys
Personal property : commentary and materials
Serious banking, politically disguised criminal activity or an exercise of imperial powers by the International Community in Bosnia and Herzegovina : the Hercegovacka Banka Case
This volume explores how globalization has given rise to new meanings of citizenship.
"Climate change ravages the earth, while wealthy elites try to grab as much of the world's diminishing resources as possible. As Vandana Shiva writes, land is life. But land, and the struggle to possess it, is also power - colonial and corporate power, to be sure, but also the power of the dispossessed to rise up and call for an end to the global land grab." --Book jacket.
Rural poverty remains widespread and persistent in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa. A group of leading experts critically examines the impact of land tenure reforms on poverty reduction and natural resource management in countries in Africa and Asia with highly diverse historical contexts.
International organizations : the politics and processes of global governance
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe : Vol. 5, Sweden, Norway and Denmark, Finland, Spain
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Land tenure reform in Asia and Africa : assessing impacts on poverty and natural resource management
The paradox of regulation : what regulation can achieve and what it cannot
Climate governance in the Arctic : introduction and theoretical framework
The proposed Nordic Saami Convention : national and international dimensions of indigenous property rights
Risk, uncertainty and government
Value-driven intellectual capital : how to convert intangible corporate assets into market value
AI approaches to the complexity of legal systems : models and ethical challenges for legal systems, legal language and legal ontologies, argumentation and software agents : international workshop AICOL-III, held as part of the 25th IVR Congress Frankfurt am Main, Germany, August 15-16, 2011 : revised selected papers
Conceptual design of an authorization information database
Law in times of crisis : emergency powers in theory and practice
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Contracts in general. Volume II
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2010 on peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Governing through Globalised Crime : Futures for International Criminal Justice
Voluntary guidelines on the governance of tenure at a glance
To have and to hold : continuity and change in property rights institutions governing water resources among the Meru of Tanzania and the BaKgatla in Botswana, 1925-2000
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe : Vol. 6, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Malta, Latvia
The landgrabbers : the new fight over who owns the planet
Questions about land control have invigorated thinkers in agrarian studies and economic history since the nineteenth century. 'Exclusion', 'alienation', 'expropriation', 'dispossession', and 'violence' animate histories of land use, property rights, and territories. More recently, agrarian environments have been transformed by processes of de-agrarianization, urbanization, migration, and new forms of primitive accumulation. Even the classic agrarian question of how the social relations of agriculture will be influenced by capitalism has been reformulated at critical historical moments, reviving or producing new debates around the importance of land control. The authors in this volume focus on new frontiers of land control and their active creation. These frontiers are sites where established power relationships are challenged by new enclosures and property regimes, producing new social and environmental dynamics in their stead. Contributors examine labor and production processes engaged by new configurations of actors, new agrarian and environmental subjects and the networks connecting them, and new legal and violent means of challenging established or imminent land controls. Overall we find that land control still matters, though in changed degrees and manners. Land control will continue to inspire struggles for a long time. This book was originally published as a special issue of the Journal of Peasant Studies. -- back cover
FLOSS in cadastre and land registration : opportunities and risks
Globalizing citizens : new dynamics of inclusion and exclusion
New frontiers of land control
Agrarian transformations : local processes and the state in Southeast Asia
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 4, France, Belgium, Bulgaria, Poland, Portugal
Is the sacred for sale? : tourism and indigenous peoples
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
Effective negotiation by indigenous peoples : an action guide with special reference to North America
No citizens here : global subjects and participation in international law
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 1, Austria, Estonia, Italy, Slovenia
Modern maritime law : and risk management
Ethnic identity and minority protection : designation, discrimination, and brutalization
Voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. : Vol. 2, England and Wales, Ireland, Scotland, Cyprus
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Natural resource tenure : a crucial aspect of poverty reduction and human rights
Governance and information technology : from electronic government to information government
Juristopia : semantic wiki for legal information
Reforming forest tenure : issues, principles and process
The protection of civilians in armed conflicts : well-trodden paths and new ways forward
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Justice beyond borders : a global political theory
Persons, interests, and justice
Risk management : survival tools for law firms
Disclosure of risk : a comparative study of UK and German laws
Implementing improved tenure governance in fisheries : a technical guide to support the implementation of the voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2008 on civilian crisis management studies
Imperial transformations in sixteenth-century Yucay, Peru
Aboriginal title and indigenous peoples : Canada, Australia, and New Zealand
Humanitarian intervention and the responsibility to protect : who should intervene?
Echoes of the past, epics of dissent : a South Korean social movement
KnowRight 2008 : knowledge rights - legal, societal and related technological aspects
Law for business
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Cash flow, risk, agency, information. Volume I
Allocating the risks in international construction contracts
Population, economic welfare and holding size distribution of private forestland in Alabama, USA
The commercial project manager : managing owners, sponsors, partners, supporters, stakeholders, contractors and consultants
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
The comparison and analysis of motor vehicle distribution contracts
Pre-contractual approach on proactive OEM and supply chain management strategies : manufacturing in China
Krisensicherung und humanitärer Schutz = Crisis management and humanitarian protection : Festschrift für Dieter Fleck
The good project : humanitarian relief NGOs and the fragmentation of reason
Finlands National Action Plan 2012-2016 : UN Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) "Women, peace and security"
International law. Vol. 1, An overview of the system
