http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8211 pamphlet literature
pamphlet literature
The Antichrist's lewd hat : Protestants, Papists and players in post-Reformation England
American geographics : U.S. national narratives and the representation of the non-European world, 1830-1865
An obsession with Anne Frank : Meyer Levin and the Diary
I hate new music : the classic rock manifesto
Ranging across Britain, the antebellum South, and the West Indies, this title illustrates how the violence and ugliness of enslavement actually shaped theories of taste, notions of beauty, and practices of high culture, and how slavery's impurity informed and haunted the rarified customs of the time.
Boy-wives and female husbands : studies in African homosexualities
Mothers of the nation : women's political writing in England, 1780-1830
Facing the Pacific : Polynesia and the U.S. imperial imagination
Mark Twain on potholes and politics : letters to the editor
Fame and failure 1720-1800 : the unfulfilled literary life
Political writings
A haunt of fears : the strange history of the British horror comics campaign
But now I see : the white southern racial conversion narrative
The works of Thomas De Quincey. Vol 11, Articles from Tait's magazine and Blackwood's magazine, 1838-41
Positioning Daniel Defoe's non-fiction : form, function, genre
Slavery and the culture of taste
Image of the "Turk" in Italy : a history of the "other" in early modern Europe, 1453-1683
The essays of Virginia Woolf. Vol. 4 , 1925-1928
Parliament and political pamphleteering in fourteenth-century England
The essays of Virginia Woolf. Vol. 3, 1919-1924
Pamphlets and pamphleteering in early modern Britain
Girls : feminine adolescence in popular culture and cultural theory
Alexander Solzhenitsyn : a century in his life
Medievalisms in the postcolonial world : the idea of "the Middle Ages" outside Europe
U.S. orientalisms : race, nation, and gender in literature, 1790-1890
Spain in America : the origins of Hispanism in the United States
The conning of America : the Great War and American popular literature
"The Muslim as a cultural category has come under increasing, most often hostile, scrutiny in Euro-America over the last four decades or so. As a result, the field of Muslim literary studies has emerged to shine a spotlight on the exciting body of literature by authors of Muslim heritage writing back to Islamophobic stereotypes. However, this academic oeuvre too often assumes that this literature is a contemporary, broadly post-9/11 phenomenon. In this important book, Claire Chambers takes a long view of depictions of Britain by writers from Muslim backgrounds. The book's first half focuses on travel and life writing from the eighteenth to the mid twentieth centuries by authors such as Mirza Sheikh I'tesamuddin, Najaf Koolee Meerza, and Atiya Fyzee. In the second half, she trains her critical gaze on the long tradition of fictional representations, from Ahmad Faris al-Shidyaq's Leg Over Leg (1855) to Ahdaf Soueif's Aisha (1983) and Abdulrazak Gurnah's Pilgrims Way (1988). Chambers argues that the Rushdie affair has been more of a turning point on perceptions of and by Muslims in Britain than 9/11. Her next book in this two-part series, Muslim Representations of Britain, 1988-Present, will therefore start with discussion of Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses (1988) and move to examination of the long shadow this text has cast on subsequent Muslim literary representations"--
When the world turned upside-down : cultural representations of post-1989 Eastern Europe
War of no pity : the Indian Mutiny and Victorian trauma
"If America worships success, then why has the nation's literature dwelled obsessively on failure? This book explores encounters with failure by nineteenth-century writers - ranging from Edgar Allan Poe and Herman Melville to Mark Twain and Sarah Orne Jewett - whose celebrated works more often struck readers as profoundly messy, flawed and even perverse. Reading textual inconsistency against the backdrop of a turbulent nineteenth century, Gavin Jones describes how the difficulties these writers faced in their faltering search for new styles, coherent characters and satisfactory endings uncovered experiences of blunder and inadequacy hidden in the culture at large. Through Jones's treatment, these American writers emerge as the great theorists of failure who discovered ways to translate their own social insecurities into complex portrayals of a modern self, founded in moral fallibility, precarious knowledge and negative feelings"--
The subject of Elizabeth : authority, gender, and representation
Failure and the American Writer : a Literary History
'A timely and significant book...changing the landscape of political history and culture...a vindication of a striking argument about the ability of the medieval chattering classes to write, read, and hear pamphlets long before the arrival of printing. Persuasive and compelling.' Professor W.M. Ormrod, University of York. Some sixty years before the advent of the printing press, the first political pamphlets about parliament circulated in the city of London. Often vitriolic and satirical, these handwritten pamphlets reported on a trilogy of parliamentary victories against the crown known as the Good, the Wonderful, and the Merciless Parliaments. The first pamphlets point to the existence of a market of readers hungry for news of parliament as well as to the emergence of public opinion as a political force. This book reconstructs the lives of the political pamphleteers as well as the political landscape of late fourteenth-century England, giving particular emphasis to the large group of bureaucrats living in London to which Geoffrey Chaucer belonged.
The British slave trade and public memory
Virginia Woolf icon
Thomas Dekker and the culture of pamphleteering in early modern London
Representation and misrepresentation in later Stuart Britain : partisanship and political culture
A queer romance : lesbians, gay men and popular culture
Not dead yet : a manifesto for old age
Going native : Indians in the American cultural imagination
Native American representations : first encounters, distorted images, and literary appropriations
Diary of a bad year
American Orient : imagining the East from the colonial era through the twentieth century
From the Lower East Side to Hollywood : Jews in American popular culture
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Male and female characters in Katherine Mansfield's early, middle and late production
If Christ came to Chicago! : a plea for union of all who love in the service of all who suffer
Selected writings
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Edward Said : a critical introduction
Power, politics and culture : interviews with Edward W. Said
The politics of writing Islam : voicing difference
A frequent outlet for Twain's wit was in letters to the editors of various newspapers and periodicals. Sharing his thoughts and opinions on topical issues ranging from national affairs to local social events, with swipes along the way at woman suffrage, potholes, literary piracy and other scams, slow mail delivery, police corruption, capital punishment, and the removal of Huck Finn from libraries, Twain never hesitated to speak his mind. From his opinions on the execution of an intellectually brilliant murderer, to his scathing review of a bureau he perceived as "a pack of idiots" running on a currency of doughnuts, Twain's pure, unbridled voice is evident throughout his letters.
Whores of Babylon : Catholicism, gender, and seventeenth-century print culture
Old age, masculinity, and early modern drama : comic elders on the Italian and Shakespearean stage
Tourists and tourism
Forked tongues : speech, writing, and representation in North American Indian texts
Literary cultures and public opinion in the Low Countries, 1450- 1650
Britain through Muslim eyes : literary representations, 1780-1988
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
Embracing the East : white women and American orientalism
The essays of Virginia Woolf. Vol. 5, 1929-1932
Perpetual war for perpetual peace : how we got to be so hated, causes of conflict in the last empire
Blackness and sexualities
Slavery, empathy, and pornography
The Savage nation : saving America from the liberal assault on our borders, language, and culture
Secret sexualities : a sourcebook of 17th and 18th century writing
Hey Rube : blood sport, the Bush dictrine, and the downward spiral of dumbness : modern history from the ESPN.com sports desk
