http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8210 pamphlets
pamphlets
A catalogue of German Reformation pamphlets (1516−1550) in libraries of France : and collective index for all catalogues of German Reformation pamphlets and Bibliotheca Lindesiana
Pamphlets and politics in the Dutch Republic
American independence : the growth of an idea: a bibliographical study of the American political pamphlets printed between 1764 and 1776 dealing with the dispute between Great Britain and her colonies
Publishing for the masses : early modern witchcraft pamphlets
Reason of state, propaganda, and the Thirty Years' War : an unknown translation
The marketplace of print : pamphlets and the public sphere in early modern England
Pamphlets and pamphleteering in early modern Britain
Programme of the Communists (Bolsheviks)
The chancery of God : Protestant print, polemic and propaganda against the Empire, Magdeburg, 1546-1551
The Antichrist's lewd hat : Protestants, Papists and players in post-Reformation England
Hunting the highbrow
The best of brochure design 5.
The literary underground in the 1660s : Andrew Marvell, George Wither, Ralph Wallis, and the world of restoration satire and pamphleteering
The pamphlet debate on the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, 1797-1800
Printed pandemonium : popular print and politics in the Netherlands, 1650-72
Writing the early modern English nation : the transformation of national identity in sixteenth- and seventeenth-century England
Facts relating to the recent Affairs in Finland
Selected writings of Leslie Morris 1923/1964 : look on Canada, now ..
Three bloody men
A classified catalogue of the books, pamphlets and maps in the library of the Societies for the promotion of Hellenic and Roman studies
Conflicting visions of reform : German lay propaganda pamphlets, 1519-1530
The question of human rights on China Mainland
Blackmail, scandal, and revolution : London's French libellistes, 1758-92
Back in the USSR
Architecture : a challenge
Another tract for the Buryats : with I. J. Schmidt's recentlly identified Kalmuck originals
Politicians and pamphleteers : propaganda during the English civil wars and interregnum
Thomas Dekker and the culture of pamphleteering in early modern London
Positioning Daniel Defoe's non-fiction : form, function, genre
Publishing for the masses : early modern English witchcraft pamphlets
Publishing for the masses. Early modern English witchcraft pamphlets : lectio praecursoria
The bookbinding handbook : simple techniques and step-by-step projects
Political works
Language and revolution in Burke, Wollstonecraft, Paine, and Godwin
The Martin Marprelate tracts : a modernized and annotated edition
Time for outrage!
Parliament and political pamphleteering in fourteenth-century England
James Madison and Karl Marx : a contrast and a similarity
Elizabethan news pamphlets : Shakespeare, Spenser, Marlowe & the birth of journalism
The pamphlet as a form of publication : a corpus-based study of early modern religious pamphlets
True belief or propaganda? : anti-Catholicism in the English pamphlets 1649-1660
Pamphlets & public opinion : the campaign for a union of orders in the early French Revolution
Speaking to the masses: orality and literacy in six Early Modern texts on witchcraft
A check list of books and pamphlets on grapes and wine and related subjects, 1938-1948
'A timely and significant book...changing the landscape of political history and culture...a vindication of a striking argument about the ability of the medieval chattering classes to write, read, and hear pamphlets long before the arrival of printing. Persuasive and compelling.' Professor W.M. Ormrod, University of York. Some sixty years before the advent of the printing press, the first political pamphlets about parliament circulated in the city of London. Often vitriolic and satirical, these handwritten pamphlets reported on a trilogy of parliamentary victories against the crown known as the Good, the Wonderful, and the Merciless Parliaments. The first pamphlets point to the existence of a market of readers hungry for news of parliament as well as to the emergence of public opinion as a political force. This book reconstructs the lives of the political pamphleteers as well as the political landscape of late fourteenth-century England, giving particular emphasis to the large group of bureaucrats living in London to which Geoffrey Chaucer belonged.
Capitalist America, socialist Russia
A tract for the Buryats
A catalogue of German reformation pamphlets (1516-1550) in libraries of Alsace. Part 3, Haguenau, Sélestat, Mulhouse : Collective index of town and printers for parts I-III : Concordances to Benzing; Lutherbibliographie and to Bezzel; Erasmusdrucke for parts I-III
A narrative of the captivity and suffering of Dolly Webster among the Camanche [sic] Indians in Texas : with an account of the massacre of John Webster and his party, as related by Mrs. Webster
