http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8219 hostages
hostages
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Beslan : the tragedy of the school No. 1
Brother's keeper
Firefight
Hostage in Iraq
In a tense and riveting narrative, The ISIS Hostage details freelance photographer Daniel Rye's thirteen-month ordeal at the hands of Islamic State after he was captured in Syria and the misery inflicted upon him, and nineteen other hostages, by the British guards, which included Jihadi John. This compelling account also follows Daniel's family and the nerve-wracking negotiations with his kidnappers. It traces their horrifying journey through impossible dilemmas and offers a rare glimpse into the secret world of the investigation launched to locate and free not only Daniel, but also the American freelance journalist and fellow hostage James Foley. Written with Daniel's full cooperation and based on interviews with former fellow prisoners, jihadists and key figures who worked behind the scenes to secure his release, The ISIS Hostage reveals for the first time the torment suffered by the captives and tells a moving and terrifying story of friendship, torture and survival.
Power play
Worst case
Damage Control
Flypaper
Baby Doll
Operation certain death : the inside story of the SAS's greatest battle
Depersonalisation and the magic of deifying the body : clinical notes on a political hostage
Merchants of men : how kidnapping, ransom and trafficking funds terrorism and Isis
Pirate Patch and the message in a bottle
The rock
Terrorism and democracy
Teheran - on wings of eagles
Step on a crack
Peter Maguire has been kidnapped in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. He does not know where he is or what is going to happen to him. The journalist is filled with fear and, as the days go by, this dread of the unknown is shot through with remorse for the mistakes of his past. Peter's mother Nina comes to Somalia to wait for her son's release. His plight forces her to relive another trauma - the fatal shooting in Liberia of Shaun Ridge, a young photographer she once loved, and Peter's real father. Abdi, a Somali teenager working with Peter's captors strikes a tenuous friendship with the prisoner based on a shared feeling of captivity. He decides to help Peter escape. Together they set off into the barren vastness of a land filled with danger. Three people must journey into one of the world's most dangerous places, the human mind, to answer the question: are we ever truly free?
Hostages and hostage-taking in the Roman empire
The Marine 2
The hostage
Hostage three
Whisper
Six of crows
Crooked Kingdom
Crisis negotiations : managing critical incidents and hostage situations in law enforcement and corrections
The masked truth
The Rock : paluu helvettiin
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
The Icarus agenda
The tears of dark water
Vanish : a novel
Terrorism and hostages in international law : a commentary on the Hostages Convention 1979
The cottage
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
The Isis hostage : one man's true story of 13 months in captivity
Girl on a plane
News of a kidnapping
Hostage-taking terrorism : incident-response strategy
Even silence has an end : [my six years of captivity in the Columbian jungle]
Red notice
Red Notice
Hostages in the Middle Ages
Tiger house
Deadlock
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3
Vicious circle : a novel of complicity
High noon
Killers of the dawn
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Deadly sting
Eurasian slavery, ransom and abolition in world history, 1200-1860
Captain Phillips
Merry Christmas, Alex Cross
Fractured
Commando
Kidnap for ransom : resolving the unthinkable
Operation Thunderbolt : flight 139 and the raid on Entebbe Airport, the most audacious hostage rescue mission in history
Taken hostage : the Iran hostage crisis and America's first encounter with radical Islam
Cold comes the night
The obelisk
All the old knives
The monarch : a thriller
The Disappearance of Alice Creed
Acid Row
Merchants of men : how kidnapping, ransom and trafficking funds terrorism and ISIS
A long walk home : one woman's story of kidnap, hostage, loss and survival
Family weekend
The diabolic
Battleground
He who fears the wolf
This 2006 book examines hostage-taking in ancient Rome, which was a standard practice of international diplomacy. Hundreds of foreign hostages, typically adolescents, were detained as the empire grew in the Republic and early Principate. As prominent figures at the center of diplomacy and as 'exotic' representatives of the outside world, they drew considerable attention in Roman literature and other artistic media. Our sources discuss hostages in terms of the geopolitics that motivated their detention, as well as in accordance with other comparable structures of power. Hostages, thus, could be located in a social hierarchy, a family network, in a cultural continuum, or in a sexual role. In these schemes, an individual Roman, or Rome in general, becomes not just a conqueror, but also a patron, father, teacher, or generically male. By focusing on the characterizations of hostages in Roman culture, we glean Roman attitudes toward ethnicity and imperial power.
The disappearance of Alice Creed
One breath away
100 days in the jungle
3,096 days in captivity
