http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8222 cattle farms
cattle farms
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 1, Episode 1-22
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Human-animal relationship : stockmanship and housing in organic livestock systems : proceedings of the third NAHWOA Workshop Clermont-Ferrand, 21-24 October 2000
This brilliant, boundary-leaping debut novel traces 12-year-old genius map-maker T.S. Spivet's attempts to understand the ways of the world, taking T.S. on a journey from his family ranch just north of Divide, Montana, to the Smithsonian's hallowed halls.
Competitiveness of Northern European dairy chains
Dairy today
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Once upon a day : a novel
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish farms
Automatic milking : a better understanding
Farms of northern Finland
Values affect humans' perception of situations and problems and guide our actions. The objective of this study was to explore the values of dairy farmers, and whether their values influenced their decisions to maintain dairy farming or to buy consultancy services. During late fall 2007 we visited and interviewed 90 farmers. First we did a qualitative analysis of the data and then we merged the interview data with the existing database of financial data from the year 2007 to do statistical analyses. We also checked whether the farmers still produced milk in 2013, six years after the interviews.  Most farmers had terminal values like keeping up the tradition and to have an interesting work. Value combinations with instrumental values such as to earn money and to produce milk were common. Realizing that many farmers prioritize terminal values over instrumental values has important consequences for dairy companies, dairy consultants and politicians.
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Environmental assessment of future dairy farming systems : quantifications of two scenarios from the FOOD 21 synthesis work
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
Robotic milking
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
The scarecrows wedding
Working wilderness : the Malpai Borderlands Group and the future of the western range
Santa's outback secret
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Optimal forest taxation under stochastic demand and endogenous timber prices
Choosing the milking system : decision making process on finnish dairy farm
Tuotostarkkailun tulokset : maitotilaneuvonta 1995 = Resultat från kokontrollen i Finland 1995 = Results of the milk recording in Finland 1995.
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
Cow talk : understanding dairy cow behaviour to improve their welfare on Asian farms
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Operation of RFID in cold environment
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Life cycle inventory of 23 dairy farms in south-western Sweden
The ranchers
Environmental physiology of livestock
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
ON THE FARM
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 3, Episode 45-74
Occurrence and risk factors of asthma, allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic sensitisation in rural and urban Mongolia
Opportunities and challenges for smallholder ruminant systems in Latin America : resource management, food safety, quality and market access
Boundary Lines
Johnson county wars
Agricola : Family Edition
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Cities of the plain
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 8, Episode 203-224
Cowboy : the illustrated history
Lumisen virran mies: the McGregor saga. 1. kausi, box 2.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 2, Episode 23-44
Perfect touch
Loving Cara
Awaken my heart
Lumisen virran mies: the McGregor saga. 1. kausi, box 1.
Agricola : Farmers of the moor
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish cattle farms
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Through the fire
The scarecrows' wedding
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Biotechnologies at work for smallholders : case studies from developing countries in crops, livestock and fish
Economics & milking : a practical guide to a profitable dairy farm
Of mice and men
Ecological animal husbandry in the Nordic countries : proceedings from NJF-seminar no. 303 Horsens, Denmark 16-17 September 1999
Somebody to love : a Cupid, Texas novel
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Agricola : All creatures big and small
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Labour and technology in milk production : report of CIGR Working Group 17
Finland : milk production fact sheet
The selected works of T.S. Spivet
Summary.
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Guide to good dairy farming practice
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
Participatory common learning in groups of dairy farmers in Uganda (FFS approach) and Danish stable schools
Dairy farmers' values and how their values affect their decision
Why do some farmers develop amd other quit their milk production?
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Performance of Finnish dairy farms and its determinants : a comparison of parametric, semiparametric and nonparametric methods
All out of love : a Cupid, Texas novel
All the pretty horses
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
"Streetwise George and his big, childlike friend Lennie are drifters, searching for work in the fields and valleys of California. They have nothing except the clothes on their back, and a hope that one day they'll find a place of their own and live the American dream. But dreams come at a price. Gentle giant Lennie doesn't know his own strength, and when they find work at a ranch he gets into trouble with the boss's daughter-in-law. Trouble so bad that even his protector George may not be able to save him ... " -- (Back Cover)
Some entrepreneurial characteristics and resource use on dairy farms in South Ostrobothnia, Finland in 2003 and 2009
Love at first sight : a Cupid, Texas novel
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
