http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8225 dispersed settlements
dispersed settlements
This study analyses the socio-economic transformation of Finnish peripheral areas. Changes are scrutinised in the context of industrial restructuring in order to unravel the mechanisms that impact on rural transformation. A policy shift towards rationalisation of the primary sector commenced in the mid-1960s, and regional policy promoted rural industrialisation. In recent years depopulation combined with improving productivity in services has restricted the growth of public sector employment in the northern, north-eastern and eastern parts of the country. The analysis ends by scrutinising the impacts of the boom in the information and communication technology sector on the rural economic landscape at the turn of the millennium. Two geographically almost identical industrial development patterns are detected: the regional policy-based rural manufacturing boom of the 1970s and the reindustrialisation period at the turn of the millennium, led by the growth and spatial expansion of the information and telecommunication technology cluster.
Abstract: Settlement structure and water services in sparsely populated areas until 2030.
Strategies for the periphery
The basic service quality level of transport infrastructure in peripheral areas
The use, possibilities, and challenges of information and communication technology in remote health monitoring and prevention of illnesses : results from the EmotionAAL project in Pieksämäki, Finland in 2009-2012
Abstract (1 s.).
Critical eye on education
No little places : the untapped potential of the small-town-church
Development of rural water supply in Finland: Possible lessons for the developing world? : discussion paper
Small firms in urban and rural locations
Rural Trade: Best European practices : local distributive trades in less-favoured rural areas, October 1999
Health Services for Rural Elders
(Re)producing a periphery : popular representations of the Swedish North
Outland use in preindustrial Europe
Cumulative geological, regional and site-specific factors affecting groundwater quality in domestic wells in Finland
Valuation of goods transportation characteristics : a study of a sparsely populated area
Appropriate management of on-site sanitation
Socio-economic dynamics in sparse regional structures
New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery
Forestry in development planning : lessons from the rural experience
Biofuels and rural poverty
Leadership for rural schools : lessons for all educators
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
Evolving regional and local development
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
Attractions in Liminka Bay area : a guide map for travellers
Rural learning : a practical guide to developing learning opportunities in the countryside
Contemplation of vacancies in rural German areas and consequence for buildings and infrastructure
The small rural primary school : a matter of quality
Creative communities : regional inclusion & the arts
Science, networking and environmental education : in Clean Rivers to Healthy Baltic Sea -project
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Regionality, innovation policy and peripheral regions in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Leadership and local power in European rural development
The Objective 6 -plan of Finland 1995-1999 : Finland's proposal to the European Commission
Agricultural geography : a social and economic analysis
OECD rural policy reviews : Finland
New technologies and regional development
"Rural crime is a fast growing area of interest among scholars in criminology. From studies of agricultural crime in Australia, to violence against women in Appalachia America, to poaching in Uganda, to land theft in Brazil -- the criminology community has come to recognize that crime manifests itself in rural localities in ways that both conform to and challenge conventional theory and research. For the first time, Rural Criminology brings together contemporary research and conceptual considerations to synthesize rural crime studies from a critical perspective." -- Publisher website.
Young people making it work : continuity and change in rural places
Background: Every under-school-age child in Finland is justified to receive day care and early childhood education according to law regardless of the child's place of residence. The nation wants to invest in quality early childhood education because both parents of the vast majority of families with children under school age are in full-time employment. How is this arranged in sparsely populated, remote provinces and municipalities? Purpose: Due to remote location and long distances between families, the solutions of guaranteeing quality day care services for all children is challenging. In this review paper, the practical realization of early childhood education in the province of Lapland with 6,000 children under school age is discussed. Conclusion: Suggestions for the future are presented, especially the possibilities of distance education and online peer support for early childhood educators.
Northern peripheral, sparsely populated regions in the European Union and in Norway
Tourism in peripheral areas : case studies
Mobile clinics in public health care : integrated service offerings for rural elderly
Shaping Rural Areas in Europe. Perceptions and Outcomes on the Present and the Future sets out to investigate the effect of urban perceptions about the rural and consequent demands on rurality on the present and future configurations of rural territories in Europe in the early twenty-first century. This volume presents and discusses a broad range of case studies and theoretical and methodological approaches from different academic fields, mainly Anthropology, Sociology and Geography.
This article discusses how the national innovation policies in Finland, Sweden and Norway consider regionality, especially peripheral regions. This aspect is of interest considering how these three countries perform well in international competition while having substantial differences between different regions in terms of their economical development. The northernmost parts of Finland, Sweden and Norway are raised as examples as they are especially challenging areas in the context of innovation activities. As a theoretical background I introduce the concepts of innovation systems and innovation policy and define the challenges involved when implementing innovation policies in peripheral regions. The study is realised by analysing 20 innovation policy documents: ten from Finland, six from Sweden and four from Norway. I use qualitative content analysis as a research method. This investigation shows that, in spite of the importance of regions in innovation activities, national innovation policies in the research countries do not consider regionality, or, more specifically, the less-favoured regions. Meanwhile, regional innovation systems, especially institutes of higher education, are seen as important for the economic development and competitiveness of the countries and their national innovation systems.
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
Shaping rural areas in Europe : perceptions and outcomes on the present and the future
Teaching the commons : place, pride, and the renewal of community
Summary (s. 2-19).
Challenges and strengths of early childhood education in sparsely populated small provinces the case of Lapland, Finland
Evaluating European Union funded projects : case MINWA
Lake Pyhäjärvi, in Karelia, is an oligotrophic transboundary lake between Finland and Russia. It is a valuable clear water lake for fishing, recreation, research and nature protection. It belongs to several local and national monitoring programmes. The lake is loaded mainly by non-point sources such as forestry and agriculture. The anthropogenic impact is evident on the Finnish side, whereas the Russian side is considered almost pristine. The lake is very vulnerable to changes. Deterioration of water quality was noticed in the 1980's. The water conservation done in 1990's improved the water quality. Water protection is still needed at the lake, but it requires cooperation between authorities, local people, doers and industries. This report introduces the lake and its catchment, summarises the land use, loading sources and quantity of the load and presents the present state of the lake. In the end are introduced the water protection measures of different fields usable at Lake Pyhäjärvi.
Tourism and recreation in rural areas
Old, female and rural
On comparative policy analysis: Methodolical problems, theoretical conciderations and empirical applications
Living in rural areas
Multigrade schools : improving access in rural Africa?
Regional policy, transport networks and communications : report of the ninety-fourth round table on transport economics held in Paris on 5th-6th November 1992.
Dynamics of job creation, restructuring and industrialisation in rural Finland
On comparative policy analysis: muthodological problems, theoretical conciderations and empirical applications
Constructed and Riverine Wetlands for Optimal Control of Wastewater at Catchment Scale : conference proceedings
Ländliche Gesellschaft europäischer Peripherien = Rural society of European peripheries
An assessment method for analysing the human rights implications of electricity generation projects
The comparison of Finnish and Swedish objective 6 programmes
Miles to go : aging in rural Virginia
Water supply, sanitation and hygiene promotion in the rural areas of Ghana: a case study in Agona-Nkwanta and Dixcove communities
The plan of water and water ecosystem protection for Lake Karelian Pyhäjärvi
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
Social services on both sides of the border
Restructuring and employment change in sparsely populated areas : examples from Northern Sweden and Finland
Visions and strategies in European integration : a north European perspective
The integration of remote classrooms : a distance education project using video conferencing
Field guide to the future : four ways for communities to think ahead
Northern peripheral, sparsely populated regions in the European Union
