http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8232 climatic periods
climatic periods
Climate change and human impact on the landscape : studies in palaeoecology and environmental archaeology
Only in the last decade have climatologists developed an accurate picture of yearly climate conditions in historical times. This development confirmed a long-standing suspicion: that the world endured a 500-year cold snap-The Little Ice Age-that lasted roughly from A.D. 1300 until 1850. The Little Ice Age tells the story of the turbulent, unpredictable and often very cold years of modern European history, how climate altered historical events, and what they mean in the context of today's global warming. With its basis in cutting-edge science, The Little Ice Age offers a new perspective on familiar events. Renowned archaeologist Brian Fagan shows how the increasing cold affected Norse exploration; how changing sea temperatures caused English and Basque fishermen to follow vast shoals of cod all the way to the New World; how a generations-long subsistence crisis in France contributed to social disintegration and ultimately revolution; and how English efforts to improve farm productivity in the face of a deteriorating climate helped pave the way for the Industrial Revolution and hence for global warming. This is a fascinating, original book for anyone interested in history, climate, or the new subject of how they interact.
Eurasian large mammal dynamics in response to changing environments during the Late Neogene
Climatic history and the future
Natural environmental change : the last 3 millon years
"This book seeks to assess the climatic and environmental changes that have taken place over the last century and set these in the context of our understanding of natural climate variability in the pre-industrial period. We will draw on many of the new climate data sets that have become available in recent years and also make use of the results of modelling experiments. The last few years have seen great advances in our ability to observe, monitor and model the present and past polar climates. In particular, the International Polar Year of 2007-2008 gave us an unprecedented amount of data from the two polar regions and increased our understanding of the mechanisms responsible for climate variability and change at high latitudes".
Excavations at Helgö. 11, The Holocene development of landscape and environment in the south-east Mälaren valley, with special reference to Helgö
Climate : a very short introduction
Quaternary paleoclimate
Evolution : the story of life
Summary: By using regular meteorological observations of a ten-year period an attempt has been made to give an idea of the periglacial character of the climate of the Kevo region. Special attention has been given to all the factors which effect freezing and thawing. Mean annual temperature...
Culture, behaviour, and the 8200 cal bp cold event : organisational change and culture-environment dynamics in late mesolithic northern Fennoscandia
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Geological perspectives of global climate change
Ice sheets and late quaternary environmental change
Through a glacial cycle : simulation of the Eurasian ice sheet dynamics during the last glaciation
Mesolithic settlement during the Preboreal period in Finland
Climate change and cultural dynamics : a global perspective on holocene transitions
Climatic change and human society
The prehistoric cultures of the Horn of Africa
Global climates since the last glacial maximum
Climates throughout geologic time
The little ice age : how climate made history 1300-1850
Sub-Milankovitch solar forcing of past climates: mid and late Holocene perspectives
Global environments through the Quaternary : exploring environmental change
Atlas of paleoclimates and paleoenvironments of the northern hemisphere : late pleistocene-holocene
The climate during the Younger Dryas stadial : comparing global atmospheric simulation experiments with climate reconstructions based on geological evidence
Recent excavations at the Pre-boreal site of Lahti, Ristola in Southern Finland
Text, photographs and illustrations offer a visual narrative of the geographical history of Earth
Quaternary paleoclimatology : methods of paleoclimatic reconstruction
Ice-ocean-climate interactions in the Northeast Atlantic during Late Pleistocene (marine isotope stages 2-6)
Atmospheric chemistry and global change
Assessing the impact of climate change on tourism demand
Eurasian Neogene large herbivorous mammals and climate
The great ice age : climate change and life
Image analysis, varved lake sediments and climate reconstruction
Geology of Mongolia : a reconnaissance report based on the investigations of the years 1922-1923
Mensch und Umwelt in der Bronzezeit Europas = Man and environment in European Bronze Age
The ice chronicles : the quest to understand global climate change
Climate scenarios for Olkiluoto on a time-scale of 120,000 years
Late quaternary climate changes in the central Sahara
The ice age : a very short introduction
A child's introduction to natural history : the story of our living earth-from amazing animals and plants to fascinating fossils and gems
Variation in strawberry (Fragaria X ananassa Duch.) yield, season, and fruit quality = Variasjonar i sesong, avling og fruktkvalitet i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
Climate change : causes, effects, and solutions
Climate, history and the modern world
Dominant species
The ice age : past and present
Aspects of some prehistoric cultures in relation to climate in southwestern Finland
On the world's ice ages and changing environments
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Earth : the life of a planet
Bayesian models for the reconstruction of the paleoclimate
Polythermal glacier studies in Svalbard determined by ground-penetrating radar
Climate change in the polar regions
Palaeo-ecological investigations in coastal Västerbotten, N. Sweden
Cyclic climate changes and fish productivity
Climatic changes during the holocene
Dictionary of global climate change
One crow alone
Ice age earth : late Quaternary geology and climate
Geologica : earth's dynamic forces : geological time, supercontinents, climate, landforms, animals, plants
Climate change in prehistory : the end of the reign of chaos
The ascent of mind : Ice Age climates and the evolution of intelligence
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Polar meteorology and glaciology
Air : the nature of atmosphere and the climate
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic : evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Late pleistocene and holocene environmental evolution of the Murchisonfjorden area, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
A new history of life : the radical new discoveries about the origins and evolution of life on earth
The climate of past interglacials
The Quaternary history of Scandinavia
The Eskimos and Aleuts
Iron winter
Understanding Earth's deep past : lessons for our climate future
Periglacial character of the climate of the Kevo region (Finnish Lapland) on the basis of meteorological observations 1962-71
Prehistoric past revealed : the four billion year history of life on earth
"The polar regions have experienced some remarkable environmental changes in recent decades, such as the Antarctic ozone hole, the loss of large amounts of sea ice from the Arctic Ocean and major warming on the Antarctic Peninsula. The polar regions are also predicted to warm more than any other region on Earth over the next century if greenhouse gas concentrations continue to rise. Yet trying to separate natural climate variability from anthropogenic factors still presents many problems. This book presents a thorough review of how the polar climates have changed over the last million years and sets recent changes within a long term perspective. The approach taken is highly cross-disciplinary and the close links between the atmosphere, ocean and ice at high latitudes are stressed. The volume will be invaluable for researchers and advanced students in polar science, climatology, global change, meteorology, oceanography and glaciology".
