http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8235 church art
church art
DiARTgnosis : study of European religious painting : dialogue on icons : Loverdos Collection, European religious painting, contemporary art : syllogē D. Lobérdou, Eurōpaïkē thpēskeutikē, sýgchronē téchnē = Eikónōn diálogos
The gothic screen : space, sculpture, and community in the cathedrals of France and Germany, ca. 1200-1400
Stealing the Mystic Lamb : the true story of the world's most coveted masterpiece
St Isaac ́s Cathedral : the history of St Isaac`s, St Isaac`s as a functioning church and a museum, artistic treasures of St Isaac`s
Graffiti in Norwegian stave churches c. 1150 - c. 1350
Krakowska szkoła konserwacji w programie Tempus = Cracow's School of Conservation in the Tempus Programme = Krakauer Konservierungsschule im Tempus-Programm
The usurer's heart : Giotto, Enrico Scrovegni, and the Arena Chapel in Padua
Famous frescoes
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
The church paintings of Gottfried Hendtzschel in Norway - past and future conservation : Part I & II
The glory of Byzantium and early Christendom
Revelations of Byzantium : the monasteries and painted churches of Northern Moldavia
Stories in stone : the Medieval roof carvings of Norwich Cathedral
The resurrection in Ezekiel XXXVII and in the Dura-Europos paintings
Sacral art of the Serbian lands in the Middle Ages
English influence in Norwegian and Swedish figuresculpture in wood 1220-1270
Ellēnikez kai rōzzikez eikonez apó ton 16o eōz kai ton 19o aiōna = Greek and russian icons from the 16th to the 19th century
Ikoni ot Rilskaja manastir = The icons in the Rila monastery
The sacred art of Russia from Ivan the Terrible to Peter the Great from the State Historical Museum, Moscow
The Cracow altar
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. 5, The museum collection : plates
Methodology for the conservation of polychromed wooden altarpieces : an international conference organised bt the Cetty Conservation Institute and the Instituto Andaluz del Patrimonio Histórico Swville May 2002
Ethiopia - Christian Africa : art, churches and culture
Mozaičnye gerby hrama Spas na krovi = Mosaic Blazonry at the Church Savior on the Spiled Blood
Grotesques and gargoyles : paganism in the medieval church
The stained and painted glass of York Minister
St. Isaac's cathedral, Leningrad
From Turku cathedral to the National Museum of Finland : the metamorphosis of Meister Francke's double-winged reredos
The Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi : glory and destruction
The iconostasis of Sts. Peter and Paul Cathedral
Splendor & pageantry : textile treasures from the Armenian Orthodox churches of Istanbul
Sancta Barbara : Pyhän Barbaran legenda = Den Heliga Barbaras legend = Legende der Heiligen Barbara = The legend of Saint Barbara
The secret language of churches & cathedrals : decoding the sacred symbolism of Christianity's holy buildings
For centuries carved writings and artworks in churches lay largely unnoticed. So archaeologist Matthew Champion started a nationwide survey to gather the best examples. In this book he shines a spotlight on a secret world of ships, prayers for good fortune, satirical cartoons, charms, curses, windmills, word puzzles, architectural plans and heraldic designs. Drawing on examples from surviving medieval churches in England and Wales, the author gives a voice to the secret graffiti artists: from the lord of the manor and the parish priest to the people who built the church itself. Here are strange medieval beasts, knights battling unseen dragons, ships sailing across lime-washed oceans and demons who stalk the walls. Latin prayers for the dead jostle with medieval curses, builders' accounts and slanderous comments concerning a long-dead archdeacon. Strange and complex geometric designs, created to ward off the 'evil eye' and thwart the works of the devil, share church pillars with the heraldic shields of England's medieval nobility.
Cathedrals and their sculpture. Vol. 1
Russian icons
Stained glass as monumental painting : proceedings : XIXth International Colloquium, Kraków 1998, 14-16 May
The Rhine : culture and landscapes at the heart of Europe
Matthias Grünewald
The face of Jesus
The illustrated history of art
The painted glass of York : an account of the medieval glass of the minster and parish churches
Painted altar frontals of Norway 1250-1350. Vol. 1, Artists, styles and iconography
The life and work of Harry Clarke
Finland's wooden men-at-alms = Finlands fattiggubbar = Suomen vaivaisukot
Mount Athos : an illustrated guide to the monasteries and their history
Byzantine Athens
Sister Wendy's Bible treasury : stories and wisdom through the eyes of the world's great painters
Medieval graffiti : the lost voices of England's churches
Biblical subjects : a journey into the world of art with the Book of Books, the Hermitage Collection
The Atrium of San Marco in Venice : the genesis and medieval reality of the genesis mosaics = Das Atrium von San Marco in Venedig : die Genese der Genesismosaiken und ihre mittelalterliche Wirklichkeit
Sredniowieczne witraze koscioła Mariackiego w Krakowie : historia i konserwacja = The Medieval stained-glass windows of St Mary's Church in Cracow : history and restoration = Mittelalterliche Glasfenster der Marienkirche in Krakau : Geschichte und Konservierung
Stained glass : history, technology and practice
Obraz Matki Boskiej Myslenickiej jako pierwowzór obrazu Matki Boskiej Kalwaryjskiej : prace badawcze i konserwatorskie = The picture of Our Lady of Myslenice as the prototype of the picture of Our Lady of Kalwaria : research and conservation work = Muttergottesgemälde aus Myslenice als Vorbild des Muttergottesgemäldes aus Kalwaria : Forschungs- und Konservierungsarbeiten
Vilnius cathedral
Beyond the walls  : churches of Jerusalem
St Isaac's Cathedral : the state museum of Russian ecclesiastic architecture, sculpture, painting, and mosaic
Church needlework
Art, architecture and liturgy : Siena cathedral in the middle ages
Medieval art. 1140-1280 : Europe of the cathedrals
Baptismal fonts : classified and illustrated
The secret language of churches & cathedrals : decoding the sacred symbolims of Christianity's holy buildings
Structural conservation of the Luvia late baroque altar painting = Luvian myöhäisbarokkikauden rakenteellinen konservointi
Painted altar frontals of Norway 1250-1350. Vol. 3, Illustrations and drawings
All the diamonds in the world
Arbanassi : iconostases and religious easel art (15th-18th and 19th centuries)
Kiev's Hagia Sophia : state architectural-historical monument
Early russian icon painting
The Jerusalem Windows
Heaven on Earth : orthodox treasures of Siberia and North America
Images from the Byzantine periphery : studies in iconography and style
Panel painting : technique and conservation of wood supports
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
Ancient churches revealed
Novgorod : art treasures and architectural monuments :  11th - 18th centuries : architecture, frescoes, archaeological artefacts, minor arts, icons, illuminated MSS
Glezniecı̄ba un tās restaurācija Krāslavas Sv. Ludvika romas katoļu baznı̄cā = Malowidła w kościele rzymskokatolickim pw. Św. Ludwika w Krasławiu i ich renowacja = Painting and its restoration in the roman catholic church of St Louis in Krāslava
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. 1, Attitudes to the heritage
The "Kwer'ata Re'esu": its iconography and significance : an essay in cultural history of Ethiopia
The Basilica of Euphrasius in Poreč
The sacred shrine : a study of the poetry and art of the catholic church
The living tree : art and the sacred
Zagorsk : Trinity-Sergius monastery
Christ's resurrection in Ethiopian painting
Freski Dmitrievskogo sobora : vydaûŝijsâ pamâtnik monumental'noj živopisi drevnego Vladimira = Frescoes of St Demetrius' Cathedral : superlative medieval wall paintings in Vladimir
Saaremaa kirikud = The Churches on the Island of Saaremaa
Saint Peter's : the story of Saint Peter's basilica in Rome
John Piper and stained glass
Bramante's Tempietto, the Roman Renaissance, and the Spanish Crown
The churches of Rome 1527-1870. Vol. 2
Rumania : painted churches of Moldavia
Russian Icons
Resonances : historical essays on continuity and change
Church and art : the medieval church in Norway and Iceland
Art and ecumenism today
Locality, nation and the  primitive  - notions about the identities of late medieval non-professional wall painters in Finnish historiography from 1880 to 1940
Church plate from the collections of the National Museum of History
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
The churches of Rome, 1527-1870. Vol. 1
Suomen ortodoksisen kirkon taideaarteita Kuopion ortodoksisessa kirkkomuseossa = Art treasures of the eastern orthodox church of Finland in the Kuopio orthodox church museum
Summary.
Dmitrievskij sobor : arhitektura i skul'ptura Dmitrievskogo sobora vo Vladimire = St Demetrius Cathedral : architecture and sculpture at St Demetrius Cathedral in Vladimir
Post-Byzantium : the Greek Renaissance : 15th-18th century treasures from the Byzantine & Christian Museum, Athens
Prazdničnyj râd Sofii Novgorodskoj : drevnejšaâ čast' glavnogo ikonostasa Sofijskogo sobora = Church feasts range at St Sophia's Cathedral : the oldest section of the main iconostasis at the Novgorod Cathedral of St Sophia
The gargoyles of Notre-Dame : medievalism and the monsters of modernity
In the Catharijneconvent Museum in Utrecht there hangs a panel painting whose diminutive size belies the magnificence of its contents (Plate I). Supporting a soaring canopy of rib vaults, two rows of polished marble columns mark the outer boundaries of the picture; their lower halves are concealed, however, by luminous winged altarpieces - most opened to display their gilt interiors, one decorated with paintings, and one still closed. But the sumptuousness of these material accoutrements carries little weight to the twenty-two tonsured men who fill the central space. With hands tucked into their gleaming white robes and mouths gently open as if in song, they gaze in quiet admiration at the Virgin Mary, dazzling with her loose golden locks and glittering crown, her gown of brocaded gold and purple velvet mantle, and the luminous infant she proffers to St. Dominic, the foremost friar. Whereas the phalanx of men forms a symmetrical buffer around the maiden and baby on the church's central axis, the scene is not wholly static. Following the steep orthogonals created jointly by architecture and figures, we discover the beginnings of movement as the two men farthest from our standpoint, thus deepest in the pictorial space, prepare to enter the choir.
Vladimir : architectural landmarks ; introductory essays by Nikolai Voronin ; selection and notes on the plates by Stanislaw Maslenitsyn ; photographs by Valery Barnev, Vladimir Monin and Alexander Strebkov ; designed by Vladimir Smolkov ; translated from Russian by Alexander Sokolov
Giotto : 1300-1305 : map of the Scrovegni chapel
DiARTgnosis : study of European religious painting : Faculty of Fine Arts of the University of the Basque Country in collaboration with the Diocesan Museum of Holy Art
Glossary of ecclesiastical ornament and costume : compiled from ancient authorities and examples
The Red Monastery church : beauty and asceticism in upper Egypt
A concise guide to the parish church
Freski cerkvi Blagoveŝeniâ na Mâčine ("v Arkažah") = The frescoes of the Church of the Annunciation on Lake Myachino ("in Arkazhi")
The works of mercy in Italian Medieval art (c.1050-c.1400)
Art treasures of Yugoslavia
Sakrale skatter fra Kreml-museene i Moskva = Sacral treasures from the Moscow Kremlin museums
Canwas work : Church needlework 2.
Ecce Homo
Iskusstvo Kievskoj Rusi : arhitektura, mozaiki, freski ; Ikonopis' miniatjura ; Dekorativno-prikladnoe iskusstvo = Art of Kievan Rus : architecture, mosaics, frescos ; Icon painting, miniature ; Decorative and applied art
The liturgical planning of Byzantine churches in Cappadocia
Jaroslavskaja ikonopis = Jaroslavian icon-painting / by S. I. Maslenitsyn ; [translated by K. M. Cook]
Catalog Croatian Institute for Restoration exhibition held on the occasion of the 5th Triennial Meeting of the International Committee for Conservation ICOM in Zagreb from 1-8 October 1978
The medieval stained glass of Fairford Parish Church
Hollolan kirkko kuvissa = Hollola kyrka i bilder = The Church of Hollola in pictures
Great Cathedrals
Drevnerusskaja ikonopis = Early Russian icon painting
Uppsala domkyrka = : The Cathedral of Uppsala
Whitewash and the new aesthetic of the Protestant Reformation
Sacred Images and the Millennium : christianity and Russia (A.D. 988-1988)
The investigation, conservation and restoration of late 15th century wooden polychrome sculpture : The Crucifix from St. Michael at Pälkäne
SUOMEN ORTODOKSISEN KIRKON TAIDEAARTEITA KUOPION ORTODOKSISESSA KIRKKOMUSEOSSA = ART TREASURES OF THE EASTERN ORTHODOX CHURCH OF FINLAND IN THE KUOPIO ORTHODOX CHURCH MUSEUM
Moskovskaâ škola ikonopisi = Moscow school of icon-painting
Drevnerusskaâ ikonopis' = Early Russian icon painting
Haţeg : ţara bisericilor de piatră = the land of stone churches
Art in the early church
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. 2, Romanesque and gothic sculpture
North-European panel paintings : catalogue of Netherlandish and German paintings before 1600 in English churches and colleges
Nederländsk prakt i Mälarlandskapens kyrkor : Netherlandish splendour in churches of the Stockholm region
Conservation of wallpaintings
Red in Russian art
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
English panel paintings, 1400-1558 : a survey of figure paintings on East Anglian rood screens
Drevnij Zvenigorod : arhitektura : iskusstvo = Old Zvenigorod : architecture, art
Nidaros cathedral : the stained glass
Transfiguration cathedral of the Mirozh monastery
Church ships : handbook of votive and commemorative models
