http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8244 market trade
market trade outdoor market trade
Diasporas, diversity, and ethnicity
Gossip, markets and gender : the dialogical construction of morality in Kilimanjaro
Torilla tavataan = See you at the Square
Global tourism : cultural heritage and economic encounters
The dynamics of change in North Korea : an institutionalist perspective
Street vending in Mexico City : gaining a livelihood in a public space
The bazaar : markets and merchants of the Islamic world
Esplanadi 1800-luvulla = Esplanaden på 1800-talet = The Esplanade during the 19th century : Helsinki = Helsingfors
Markets and fairs in Roman Italy : their social and economic importance from the second century BC to the third century AD
Secondhand and vintage New York
The market and the city : square, street and architecture in early modern Europe
The goal of this thesis was to create an online flea market for Data Media Gazelle, a digital agency located in Turku. The purpose of the website was to create an environment where users could place ads for the items they wished to sell. Administrators could control the categorization and the user-generated ads. The website was created with CakePHP, a web application framework. The core elements of the project were ad creation, categorization, navigation and administrator actions. These elements were implemented by using different CakePHP components, helpers, functions and methods. Different web technologies are explained at the start of this thesis. After that some of the different PHP frameworks are introduced briefly and some comparisons are made. The CakePHP framework is examined more thoroughly, including aspects such as model associations and data validation. At the last part of this thesis, the project itself is explored in depth. The database behind the project is explained and different structures of the website will be demonstrated, complete with code examples.
Gender on the market : Moroccan women and the revoicing of tradition
Tsukiji : the fish market at the center of the world
Spend, spend, spend! : a history of shopping
Excavations of the Athenian Agora : picture book. 12, An ancient shopping center : the Athenian Agora
L'organisation des marchés dans l'Antiquité et la nature de leurs équipements constituent assurément des thématiques essentielles à la compréhension du fonctionnement des économies anciennes. L'analyse économique des marchés antiques s!enrichit ici d!éléments archéologiques souvent inédits, dans un champ chronologique et géographique qui englobe la plupart des sites de Méditerranée orientale qui ont livré des informations nouvelles sur la question. La mise en évidence, à travers plusieurs études de cas, des étapes du développement des agoras marchandes, jusqu à l'édification des macella, s'accompagne de l'étude des fonctions commerciales de plusieurs types de bâtiments, qui permet en même temps de préciser l'organisation concrète des ventes.
This important new study examines the market trade of medieval England from a new perspective, by providing a wide-ranging critique of the moral and legal imperatives that underpinned retail trade. James Davis shows how market-goers were influenced not only by practical and economic considerations of price, quality, supply and demand, but also by the moral and cultural environment within which such deals were conducted. This book draws on a broad range of cross-disciplinary evidence, from the literary works of William Langland and the sermons of medieval preachers, to state, civic and guild laws, Davis scrutinises everyday market behaviour through case studies of small and large towns, using the evidence of manor and borough courts. From these varied sources, Davis teases out the complex relationship between morality, law and practice and demonstrates that even the influence of contemporary Christian ideology was not necessarily incompatible with efficient and profitable everyday commerce.
Gossip, markets, and gender : how dialogue constructs moral value in post-socialist Kilimanjaro
Market women and mobile phones in the North West region of Cameroon : managing informal market livelihoods and trade routes through mobile phones
Creating an e-commerce website with CakePHP framework
When culture goes to market : space, place and identity in an urban marketplace
Markets of Paris
Plants from the markets of Thailand
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
A market out of place? : remaking economic, social, and symbolic boundaries in post-communist Lithuania
Market Women and Their Urban Experience in Bamako, Mali : a Quest for Respectability and Social Recognition
Market day in Provence
Medieval market morality : life, law and ethics in the English marketplace, 1200-1500
City, open-air market and market-fair
