http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8243 reaction motors
reaction motors
Fundamentals of combustion processes
HCCI combustion using charge stratification and spark-assistance
Modeling engine spray and combustion processes
Particle formation, deposition, and particle induced corrosion in large-scale medium-speed diesel engines
Engine combustion : pressure measurement and analysis
A conceptual model of DI diesel combustion based on laser-sheet imaging
Particle filter retrofit for all Diesel engines
On the use of laser-induced incandescence for soot diagnostics : from theoretical aspects to applications in engines
An introduction to combustion : concepts and applications
The main objective of this thesis is to provide combustion study by optical methods in Wärtsilä 34 size gas engines. To enable this study method, a optical cylinder assembly had to be designed. This means designing an optical access to the combustion chamber. This optical access has to be designed in a way that it endures the stresses directed to it during the measurements and it has to enable passive and active measurement methods. In a practise it means that the access has to be really big or that there is multiple accesses. Measurement techniques were not studied in this thesis. Studying combustion with optical methods enables measuring and analysing the combustion happening in a way that other measurement techniques do not enable. Measurement results help to understand better the combustion and to develop the gas engine efficiency and make it more environment friendly. This optical cylinder assembly were studied and optimized with computer simulation. The cylinder assembly that provides optical access to combustion chamber of gas engine endures the stresses that are directed to it based on the computer simulations. Thus it means that with this optical cylinder assembly it is possible to study combustion.
Optical access to the combustion chamber in a large bore gas engine
The influence of certain submodels on diesel engine modeling results
