http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8245 small enterprises
small enterprises
How to start a home-based wedding planning business
Customer-driven budgeting for small-to-medium sized businesses
Team players and teamwork : new strategies for developing successful collaboration
Abstract.
How a small fashion brand survives in the Chinese market? : business development plan for Minna Parikka Shoes Ltd
The portable MBA in entrepreneurship
The value of relationship banking : empirical evidence on small business financing in Finnish credit markets
Microfranchising : creating wealth at the bottom of the pyramid
Success factors of small companies and customer satisfaction : case Mimona Ltd
Intellectual property and innovation management in small firms
Applying IFRS for SMEs
Understanding the "informal sector" : a survey
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Managing to survive : working lives in small firms
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Exploring marketing in micro firms
Developing managers for the smaller business : a report on training and development needs
The development process of interfirm cooperation of SMEs
Handbook of Research on Small and Medium Enterprises in Developing Countries
Effective small business management
Running your own show : mastering the basics of small business
Small business management
Board effectiveness in small firms
Putting your small business on the Web
The barefoot executive : the ultimate guide to being your own boss and achieving financial freedom
The roadside MBA : real-world lessons for entrepreneurs, start-ups and small businesses
Small firms as innovators : from innovation to sustainable growth
How to write a business plan
Financial structure in small business : theory, tests and applications
"A virtual blueprint for entrepreneurial success, this new edition of the popular entrepreneur's guide provides all the tools you need to communicate the value of your idea to investors, attract key talent, and create a plan you can turn to throughout the entire process of starting and running a business. You'll learn how to: determine what to include in each plan, why, and for whom; secure the capital you need to get the project off the ground; assess opportunities and risks involved in your project; and avoid common pitfalls that cost money, time, and effort"--Book jacket.
Employee Engagement in Hotel X & Y
Owner-managers' goal orientation : an analysis of personal and organizational goals in small owner-managed firms
Business plans that work : a guide for small business
"Today's complex and turbulent business environment requires a more comprehensive view of product development strategy. Product Development Strategy provides a concise theoretical and analytical discussion relating to the theory and practice of strategy, innovation capacity, and entrepreneurial performance. The book discusses an innovative perspective which provides a practical insight into the field of product development strategy whist offering a novel tool for developing and discussing a multi-dimensional conceptual framework in strategic management in high-tech SMEs. This volume offers an excellent blend of theoretical frameworks and analytical techniques grounded in small and medium sized enterprises, and employs an innovative methodology for conceptualizing and analyzing the factors associated with product development strategy in small businesses. "--
International journal of entrepreneurship & small business
Do cool sh*t : (Quit your day job, start your own business, and live happily ever after)
Small business research : 9th Nordic Conference, Lillehammer, Norway, 29th-31st May 1996. Vol. 3.
Journal of small business management
Social media branding for small business : the 5-sources model : a manifesto for your branding revolution
Anything you want : 40 lessons for a new kind of entrepreneur
How to prepare a business plan
The six figure sales funnel : the ultimate - big profit - customer keeping - lead generating - small business - marketing system
Creating Retail Business in the German Market for Slash Proof Gear : Case Oy Pomaco Ab
Long-term horizons for Russian family firms : individual, organizational, cultural, and environmental factors
Success and failure in small business
Small firms in the Japanese economy
"This book provides active suggestions of how banking professionals can protect their client base and also expand their revenue in cooperation with alternative financing entities"--
The 7th Nordic conference on small business : proceedings
Marketing research for small business
Entrepreneurship & small business management
Are small firms important? : their role and impact
Business plans for small businesses : how to prepare, write and pitch a successful business plan
Lloyds TSB small business guide
The do's and taboos of international trade : a small business primer
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
Micro-clusters and networks : the growth of tourism
Business Models and Market Entry Mode Choice of Small Software Firms
Summary in Finnish.
Practical financial management : a guide to budgets, balance sheets and business finance
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
The economics of small firms : a European challenge
Smart social media : your guide to becoming a highly paid social media manager
The entrepreneur and small business problem solver : an encyclopedic reference and guide
Small business finance : problems in the financing of small business
Lean thinking in small size assembly company for continuous improvement
Best practice notes on small and medium-sized enterprises support
Graphic design business : entrepreneur's step-by-step startup guide
Improving skills develoment in the informal sector : strategies for Sub-Saharan Africa
Benefits of social media marketing for small businesses
Proceedings
Conducting an activity-based costing project in a small firm : a basis for performance measurement
Developing cloud business models: A case study on cloud gaming
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Antilogic : why businesses fail while individuals succeed
Small business management : essentials of entrepreneurship
A manifesto about living life, appreciating enough, and doing what matters. It's most of what fabled entrepreneur Derek Sivers learned in ten years of starting and growing a small business.
Launching new ventures : an entrepreneurial approach
Strategic orientations of small european businesses
Business continuity for dummies
Successful small business management
The Which? Guide to starting your own business
Management control systems (MCS) in the small business context : linking effects of contextual factors with MCS and financial performance of small firms
Small business management : entrepreneurship and beyond
Designing your business : professional practices for interior designers
Continued entrepreneurship : ability, need and opportunity as determinants of small firm growth
Recent research in entrepreneurship : the third international EIASM workshop
The Coffee Boys' step-by-step guide to setting up and managing your own coffee bar : how to open a coffee bar that actually lasts and makes money
Critical factors affecting email as a marketing communication channel : Case study: RealEasyMailer
Small business management : an entrepreneur's guidebook
Small firms in global competition
These experts and coffee shop owners seek to answer two main questions: 1. What is the one thing they wish they'd known before they started 2. What is the secret to success of their business and of great coffee shops and cafes in general. Some of these owners have just one site and some have multiple sites and worldwide success but all are acknowledged as being exceptional.
Accounting for the small business
The role of direct marketing methods in the self-storage business : Case: Pelican Self Storage Finland
The foundations of small business enterprise : an entrepreneurial analysis of small firm inception and growth
Learning among entrepreneurs in formal networks : outcomes, processes and beyond
Effects of subsidizing the first employee : empirical evidence from Finland
The most successful small business in the world : the ten principles
Smart financial management : the essential reference for the successful small business
Open for business : entrepreneurs, clean energy and sustainable development
Be your own boss : How to set up a successful small business
How to organize and operate a small business
Employment, the small firm and the labour market
Wake up and sell more coffee
Entrepreneurship and venture management
Partnership formation in small biotechnology companies : Focus on challenges and success factors
The process of strategy formation in software business : three cases from Kainuu region, Finland
Capitalise on big data to add value to your small business Written by bestselling author and big data expert Bernard Marr, Big Data For Small Business For Dummies helps you understand what big data actually is and how you can analyse and use it to improve your business. Free of confusing jargon and complemented with lots of step-by-step guidance and helpful advice, it quickly and painlessly helps you get the most from using big data in a small business. Business data has been around for a long time. Unfortunately, it was trapped away in overcrowded filing cabinets and on archaic floppy disks. Now, thanks to technology and new tools that display complex databases in a much simpler manner, small businesses can benefit from the big data that's been hiding right under their noses. With the help of this friendly guide, you'll discover how to get your hands on big data to develop new offerings, products and services; understand technological change; create an infrastructure; develop strategies; and make smarter business decisions. * Shows you how to use big data to make sense of user activity on social networks and customer transactions * Demonstrates how to capture, store, search, share, analyse and visualise analytics * Helps you turn your data into actionable insights * Explains how to use big data to your advantage in order to transform your small business If you're a small business owner or employee, Big Data For Small Business For Dummies helps you harness the hottest commodity on the market today in order to take your company to new heights.
Managing your small business
Brand model creation for a small healthcare service
Experiences in entrepreneurship and small business management
Business Ownership Experience  : Entrepreneurial Theories and Action:  Photo Studio “Look at Me”
Product development strategy : innovation capacity and entrepreneurial firm performance in high-tech SMEs
Small Scale Industry: Problems of Establishing Small Business Enterprise in Nigeria  : Case: Alahteef Nigeria Limited
Banker's guide to new small business finance : venture deals, crowdfunding, private equity, and technology
Cases in small business management : a strategic problems approach
How to plan and develop the organization structure of a growing small business firm
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
Network-attached storage for small companies : case: Design Foundation Finland
Small firms and economic growth. Vol. 2
Financial management of the small firm
10 years of monitoring business survival and mortality
The formation of small technology-based companies : a case study of factors affecting a company formation decision
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and much more
Social media and small business marketing
Seasonality in the food and beverage service industry - a challenge for product development in small-sized businesses : case of Cafe im Goebenhaus, Stade, Germany
Entrepreneurship and small business research : how do we get further
How to solve your small business advertising problems : the all media guide to effective advertising
Small business dynamics : international, national and regional perspectives
Challenges for growth in small Finnish software firms : a multiple-case study
The Facebook guide to small business marketing
The envelope manufacturer
The competitiveness of small firms
Determinants of self-employment
Feasibility of Cloud Services for Customer Relationship Management in Small Business : A Drupal Approach towards Software as a Service
Guerrilla marketing for the new millenium : lessons from the father of guerrilla marketing
Franchising as a potential growth strategy for a small enterprise
Small firms : report of the committee of inquiry on small firms : presented to parliament by the secretary of state for trade and industry
SME internationalization : mass casualty rescue un UK air safety
The small firm as an adaptive organization : organizational adaptation versus environmental selection within environmental change
Health protection and health promotion in small-scale enterprises : proceedings of the Joint WHO/ILO Task Group, 1-3 November 1993
Contemporary entrepreneurship : multidisciplinary perspectives on innovation and growth
The choice of wood procurement strategy for small-scale enterprises : a decision analytic approach
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
"Doing inspires".
Cooperative and networking strategies in small business
Effective Project Risk management in Micro Companies : Case study for Persona Optima Iceland ehf.
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
The save your business book : a survival manual for small business owners
Research strategies for small businesses
Entrepreneurial finance :/ fundamentals of financial planning and management for small business
How to create your own jewelry line
Based on twenty-one case studies and one hundred twenty-six reviews of manufacturers' sales and marketing practices, the book explains the common pitfalls these companies experience and offers common sense, practicable, and affordable step-by-step how to's for cost and profitability analyses on products and customers, finding prospective new customers, conducting marketing research, and deciphering and using competitor intelligence. It also provides guidelines for determining the best combination of sales coverage for inside/outside sales and independent reps and for estimating the cost to implement sales, marketing, promotional, and growth strategies.
A Business week guide : small business trends and entrepreneurship
Returns of large firms compared to returns of small size firms : evidence from a panel of Finnish firms
Accessing external expertise in small manufacturing firms
Information system security for small business
Big data for small business
The other hundred entrepreneurs : 100 faces places stories
Effective marketing means for small companies : Case: Ettonet Oy
Leadership in small enterprises
Strategic planning for smaller businesses : improving corporate performance and personal reward
Factors affecting the survival and growth of the smaller company
Factors motivating small companies to internationalize: the effect of firm age
How to open and operate a financially successful coffee, espresso & tea shop : with companion CD-ROM
Marketing strategy for small- to medium-sized manufacturers : a practical guide for generating growth, profit, and sales
Internationalization and small business management in Northern Denmark
Entrepreneurship policy : theory and practice
The new wave in promoting small business, Wednesday, August 10, 13.45-15.15, Chamber Music Hall : papers received
Go it alone : the secret to building a successful business on your own
The real world of the small business owner
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
A comprehensive companion to Entrepreneur's long-time bestseller Start Your Own Business, this essential guide leads you through the most critical startup step next to committing to your business vision--defining how to achieve it. Coached by a diverse group of experts and successful business owners, gain an in-depth understanding of what's essential to any business plan, what's appropriate for your venture, and what it takes ensure success. Plus, learn from real-world examples of plans that worked, helping to raise money, hone strategy, and build a solid business. Whether you're just starting out or already running a business, to successfully build a company, you need a plan. One that lays out your product, your strategy, your market, your team, and your opportunity. It is the blueprint for your business. The experts at Entrepreneur show you how to create it. Includes sample business plans, resources and worksheets.
Write your business plan : get your plan in place and your business off the ground
Technology and small enterprises : technology, autonomy and industrial organisation
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
Small business finance in transition economies
Enhancing customer satisfaction in an ICT company's small business segment using six sigma : case Microsoft Oy
Information security means protecting information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Most of small business uses many of the same information systems as large enterprises. In doing small businesses, information system opens itself up to many threats. So information system security is changing more and more important for small company. The thesis research is showing how to manage information system on risk management, information security standards, security frameworks, disaster recovery and more. I will research 10 information security domains for small business which has learned in Corporate and IT security. The thesis objectives are: 1. Research a system security guideline for small business to make a small business more security and effectively. 2. Research matters pertaining to the profession with a common understanding. During the research I am choosing two methods which are theoretical research and applied research. I got a lot of essential material from book and internet which include much information about information security , and I can practical problem or create recommendations for applied research. The research data is including information security management for business essential materials. I have been read and written some assignments in basic information security so far. Most of my source materials are found from CISSP book, Internet, other books, I will try to find other IT technology thesis from HAAGA-HELIA library. The main target of the thesis research is obtaining a good security solution for building up a small business information system. The result can offer security solutions base on 10 information security domains for small business, establish a common framework of information security terms and principles. After this information security thesis research, I can get some more important professional knowledge for information security, I think it can bring me more benefits for my working in future.
Managing fast growth in a small business : Case company: Diamond Beer Oy
The political economy of the small firm
Mastering Microsoft® Windows® Small Business Server 2008
Personal guarantees, loan pricing, and lending structure in Finnish small business loans
Start your own bar and club : sports bars, nightclubs, neighborhood bars, wine bars and more!
Enterprise and small business : principles, practice and policy
Business Plans That Work gives you an easy-to-follow template for conceptualizing, writing, focusing, and revising a business plan that converts your business idea into financial profit.
Growing an entrepreneurial business : concepts and cases
Small business cyber security
Small town rules : how big brands and small businesses can prosper in a connected economy
Small firms and economic growth. Vol. 1
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
The financing and financial control of small enterprise development
Comparing and evaluating the performance of ERP systems in small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
Steps to small business start-up : everything you need to know to turn your idea into a successful business
Small business finance : sources of financing for small business. Part B
Social media branding provides the thinking, evidence, and practice to create a road map for practitioners in small businesses to develop and implement their brand in online and offline communities. It provides a start point because one of the biggest issues for small businesses is where to start. I have talked to so many business practitioners who don't like the idea of social media. Often, they say: "We can't do that because of the legal implications!" Or, "We will have to employ more people and we don't have the resources."
Small business in Indonesia
Small business : management and performance : survival for engineering firms
Information acquisition in international business : innovation in a small biotechnology firm
