http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8248 duck
duck
Walt disney's comics and stories
Open very carefully
I love you already!
Unbelievable top-secret diary of Pig
Come on, Daisy!
Why so sad, Brown Rabbit?
Daisy and the egg
Sonny's treasure hunt
Walt Disney's comics and stories
Donald Duck adventures. [18]
Howard the duck : special edition
Disney comics : 75 years of innovation : the official anniversary book
All Bear wants is to spend a pleasant day alone, but Duck really wants to hang out.
Sarah & Duck meet the penguins
How to raise poultry : everything you need to know : breed guide & selection, proper care & healthy feeding, building facilities
Ducks, geese and turkeys for anyone
The duckling gets a cookie!?
Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge adventures. Part two: the first two years of McDuck adventures
Mickey Mouse adventures. 9
Ssssh! Duck don't wake the baby
The super amazing adventures of me, Pig
Walt Disney's Donald Duck : The case of the missing mummy
The tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck
The tales of Peter Rabbit and Jemima Puddle-Duck
Donald Duck adventures. [12]
Donald Duck adventures. [14]
Storey's guide to raising ducks
Donald Duck adventures. [13]
Bear and duck
Daisy and the Beastie
It's Sarah's birthday and she's looking forward to having a nice, quiet day! But when all her friends arrive, perhaps the day won't be as quiet as she had hoped? Join Sarah and Duck on another fun and quacky adventure!
Wilbie finds a friend
Bear doesn't want to be a bear anymore so he tries out what it's like to be a duck. With a few lessons from Duck, Bear realizes he makes a much better bear after all / Library of Congress.
Have you seen my new blue socks?
Donald Duck adventures. [17]
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 2, The dark lord
You're not ugly, duckling!
The life and times of Scrooge McDuck
The greative book of soft toys
Walt disney s comics and stories ; 7.
Not now, mrs Wolfe!
Duck for president
Walt Disney's Donald Duck adventures : the Barks/Rosa collection. Volume 2
A duck so small
Cheer up, Little Duck!
Walt disney s comics and stories ; 10.
Donald Duck adventures. [4]
The ugly duckling
Walt Disney's Donald Duck : A christmas for Shacktown
Starting with ducks
Chicken & other birds : from the perfect roast chicken to Asian-style duck breasts
Effects of dietary safflower oil on growth performance, carcass characteristics and meat chemical and flatty acid composition of Myscovy ducks (Cairina moschata L.)
Daisy wal baida = Daisy and the egg
Daisy và cái trúng = Daisy and the egg
Barley and the duck race
Quack!
Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge. No. 382
Terra Amata has exploded into so many little floating islands and Herbert has become a very dark and very powerful lord, far from his goofy, shoot-from-the-belt self we all know. In both stories in this volume, the key is to find the map to the new world and great forces are in the way. Whether it's the Dark Lord or even a very uncompromising and very determined Marvin the Red, the new map must be found! / Libris.
The life and times of Scrooge McDuck companion
Mummy is that you?
Walt Disney's Donald Duck adventures
Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge. No. 383
Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge adventures : the Barks/Rosa collection. Volume 1
Disney presents Carl Barks' greatest Ducktales stories : volume 1
Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge adventures
Dungeon. Monstres. Vol 2, The dark lord
Ruff! and the wonderfully amazing busy day
Pigeon is very angry when the duckling gets a cookie just by asking politely.
Walt Disney's comics and stories by Carl Barks
The complete tales
Sarah & Duck have a quiet birthday
Home poultry keeping
Donald Duck adventures. [16]
The duckling gets a cookie?
Lulu and the duck in the park
Daisy ve yumurta = Daisy and the egg
Ek krshak pathamsa = Farmer duck
Sarah & Duck have a sleepover
Dilly Duckling
Uncle Scrooge : a little something special : sixty years of comic riches
Duck, duck, goose
Commercial poultry nutrition
Uncle Scrooge : and the money champ. 382
Donald Duck adventures. [19]
Wow! It's great being a duck
Donald Duck adventures. [20]
No more hitting for little hamster!
