http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8250 prime ministers
prime ministers
Loyalists and loners
Eden : the life and times of Anthony Eden, first Earl of Avon, 1897-1977
William Pitt the Younger
The second world war. Volume 6 : Triumph and tragedy
Tempestuous journey : Lloyd George his life and times
The second world war. Volume 3 : The grand alliance
The Downing street years
Great war speeches
Man of the century : Winston Churchill and his legend since 1945
Sisu : "even through a stone wall" : the autobiography of Oskari Tokoi
Blood, sweat and arrogance : and the myths of Churchill's war
The Prime Minister : the office and its holders since 1945
Churchill : a life
Alcide de Gasperi : the long apprenticeship
Zhou Enlai : the last perfect revolutionary : a biography
Léon Blum : from poet to premier
The elected monarch : the development of the power of the prime minister
Mr. Churchill's profession : the statesman as author and the book that defined the 'special relationship'
This fascinating history uncovers the hidden political world of Ming China, exploring how the most powerful man in mid-sixteenth-century China steered the empire through the worst crises it had ever faced. Distinguished scholar John W. Dardess traces how Chief Grand Secretary Xu Jie rose to power and successfully shepherded the Ming empire through the destructive mid-sixteenth-century raids along its continental and maritime frontiers. He also shows how Xu Jie used the new Confucian thinking of the Wang Yangming school to build a political following, suppress bureaucratic corruption, and liberalize bureaucratic procedures. Drawing on years of research, Dardess uses Xu's hundreds of letters to officials and records of talks with the emperors he served to tell this long-neglected story in rich and engrossing detail.
The dynasty : a political biography of the premier ruling family of modern India
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. Vol. 2, The Arab world 1900-1972
Nehru  : the making of India
The Blair effect
Women as national leaders
Thatcher's Britain : the politics and social upheaval of the Thatcher era
Eden-Eisenhower correspondence, 1955-1957
John Major : the autobiography
Tales of prime ministers in ancient China
The makers of British foreign policy : from Pitt to Thatcher
The Margaret Thatcher book of quotations
My story
The Second World War. Vol. 3, The grand alliance
Wellington : a personal history
Churchill and empire : a portrait of an imperialist
The great rivalry : Gladstone & Disraeli
The Rabin memoirs
The Asquiths
Battling for peace : memoirs
Attlee : a life in politics
The ghost writer
The second world war and epilogue on the years 1945 to 1957
Blair unbound
Harold Wilson and European integration : Britain's second application to join the EEC
The expedient utopian : Bandaranaike and Ceylon
Nehru : the invention of India
William Hughes : Australia
Churchill in his own words
A selection from the diaries of Edward Henry Stanley, 15th Earl of Derby (1826-93), between September 1869 and March 1878
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 3, 1, Central-, Eastern-, Northern-, Southern-, South East Europe = Mittel-, Ost-, Nord-, Süd-, Südosteuropa
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Pt. 3, 2, Western Europe : addenda, corrigenda, general alphabetic index
Memoirs : the making of a Prime Minister 1916-64
Jawaharlal Nehru : an autobiography : with musings on recent events in India
W.F. Massey : New Zealand
Winston Churchills speeches : never give in!
The second world war. Volume 5 : Closing the ring
Churchill's South Africa : travels during the Anglo-Boer War
The forgotten prime minister : the 14th Earl of Derby
Callaghan : a life
Disraeli, or, the two lives
A biography of Churchill in honor of 50 years since his death, including previously unpublished photographs of artifacts in the Churchill Archive Centre; family pictures and private correspondence; telegrams, drafts of speeches, press cuttings and official papers; ephemera, like an early report card that describes him as "very bad--in constant trouble to everybody"; pictorial timelines; public correspondence and historical items given to him; and fascinating and exhaustingly researched captions and quotes.
An autobiography : with musings on recent events in India
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. Vol. 3, The British empire and successor states 1900-1972
The Neville Chamberlain diary letters. Vol. 4, The Downing Street years, 1934-1940
Mrs. Gandhi
Churchill : the life : an authorized pictorial biography
Lloyd George & Churchill : rivals for greatness
Brown at 10
Britain's Prime Ministers from Walpole to Wilson
Churchill and sea power
Between two revolutions : Stolypin and the politics of renewal in Russia
Churchill defiant : fighting on 1945-1955
In the name of sorrow and hope
Salazar : a political biography
The second world war. Volume 4 : The hinge of fate
A political life in Ming China : a grand secretary and his times
The prime minister in Canadian government and politics
In sickness and in power : illness in heads of government during the last 100 years
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
Children of the master
Zhou Enlai : a profile
A portrait of Rajiv Gandhi
The ghost
The unknown Lloyd George : a statesman in conflict
The wit and wisdom of Margaret Thatcher and other Tory legends
Menachem Begin : a life
The first ladies
The fringes of power : Downing street diaries 1939-1955
Nehru : a political biography
Indira : the life of Indira Nehru Gandhi
Nehru : a tryst with destiny
Historical dictionary of the French Fourth and Fifth republics, 1946-1991
A portrait of Winston Churchill's extraordinary wife and her lesser-known role in World War II discusses her relationship with political mentor Eleanor Roosevelt, her role in safeguarding Churchill's health throughout key historical events and her controversial family priorities.
Margot at war : love and betrayal in Downing Street, 1912-16
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
Gladstone-Gordon correspondence, 1851-1896; selections from the private correspondence of a British Prime Minister and a colonial Governor
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
Ben-Gurion : father of modern Israel
Margaret Thatcher : power and personality
Prisoner of the state : the secret journal of Zhao Ziyang
Spanning the years of 1940-1965, this volume picks up shortly after Winston Churchill became Prime Minister-when his tiny island nation stood alone against the overwhelming might of Nazi Germany. The Churchill portrayed by Manchester and Reid is a man of indomitable courage, lightning-fast intellect, and an irresistible will to action.
The antagonist : Lucien Bouchard and the politics of delusion
Ministers at war : Winston Churchill and his war cabinet
You are Maggie Thatcher : A dole-playing game
Margaret Thatcher : the authorized biography. Vol. 1, Not for turning
Heads of states and governments : a worldwide encyclopedia of over 2,300 leaders, 1945 through 1992
The last lion : Winston Spencer Churchill. [3], Defender of the realm, 1940-1965
Eleftherios Venizelos : Greece
Tojo : the last banzai
The literary Churchill : writer, reader, actor
Ted rules the world
David Lloyd George : Great Britain
A biography of Winston Churchill's astonishing military career from his youth through World War II.
Jaruzelski : prime minister of Poland. Selected speeches. Interview with Robert Maxwell and biographical sketch
Churchill
The British Prime Minister : a reader
Nehru in Scandinavia
If I lived my life again
KBO : the Churchill secret
Brush strokes : moments from my life
Clement Attlee - the man who created the welfare state and decolonised vast swathes of the British Empire, including India - has been acclaimed by many as Britain's greatest twentieth-century Prime Minister. Yet somehow Attlee the man remains elusive and little known. How did such a moderate, modest man bring about so many enduring changes? What are the secrets of his leadership style? And how do his personal attributes account for both his spectacular successes and his apparent failures? When Attlee became Prime Minister in July 1945 he was the leader of a Labour party that had won a landslide victory. With almost 50 percent of the popular vote, Attlee seemed to have achieved the platform for Labour to dominate post-war British politics. Yet just 6 years and 3 months after the 1945 victory, and despite all Attlee's governments had appeared to achieve, Labour was out of office, condemned to opposition for a further 13 years. This presents one of the great paradoxes of twentieth-century British history: how Attlee's government achieved so much, but lost power so quickly. But perhaps the greatest paradox was Attlee himself. Attlee's obituary in "The Times" in 1967 stated that 'much of what he did was memorable; very little that he said'. This new biography, based on extensive research into Attlee's papers and first-hand interviews, examines the myths that have arisen around this key figure of British political life and provides a vivid portrait of the man and his politics.
In her own words
Churchill's bomb : a hidden history of science, war and politics
Margaret Thatcher : the authorized biography. Volume 2, Everything she wants
The hollow crown : coutervailing trends in core executives
Disraeli : the romance of politics
The prime minister : the office and its holders since 1945
Winston Churchill : the struggle for survival 1940-1965 : taken from the diaries of lord Moran
Golda Meir speaks out
Robert Peel : a biography
This strikingly original book introduces a Winston Churchill we have not known before. Award-winning author Jonathan Rose explores in tandem Churchill's careers as statesman and author, revealing the profound influence of literature and theater on Churchill's personal, carefully composed grand story and on the decisions he made throughout his political life. Rose provides in this expansive literary biography an analysis of Churchill's writings and their reception (he won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1953 and was a best-selling author), and a chronicle of his dealings with publishers, editors, literary agents, and censors. The book also identifies an array of authors who shaped Churchill's own writings and politics: George Bernard Shaw, H. G. Wells, Margaret Mitchell, George Orwell, Oscar Wilde, and many more. Rose investigates the effect of Churchill's passion for theater on his approach to reportage, memoirs, and historical works. Perhaps most remarkably, Rose reveals the unmistakable influence of Churchill's reading on every important episode of his public life, including his championship of social reform, plans for the Gallipoli invasion, command during the Blitz, crusade for Zionism, and efforts to prevent a nuclear arms race. In a fascinating conclusion, Rose traces the significance of Churchill's writings to later generations of politicians, among them President John F. Kennedy as he struggled to extricate the U.S. from the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Balfour : intellectual statesman
No more champagne : Churchill and his money
The Second World War. Vol. 5, Closing the ring
The Churchills : in love and war
Prime Minister : the conduct of policy under Harold Wilson & James Callaghan
Margaret Thatcher. 1, The grocer's daughter
Iran and the CIA  : the fall of Mosaddeq revisited
The Second World War. Volume 1, The gathering storm
The process of political succession
Clementine : the life of Mrs. Winston Churchill
Ariel Sharon : an intimate portrait
Presidents, prime ministers, and chancellors : executive leadership in western democracies
Legacy of Indira Gandhi
Churchill's bomb : a hidden history of Britain's first nuclear weapons programme
Nehru : the lotus eater from Kashmir
Patriot of Persia : Muhammad Mossadegh and a very British coup
Indira Gandhi : the last post
Palmerston, "the people's darling"
Harold Macmillan : a biography
Knight of the Holy Spirit : a study of William Lyon Mackenzie King
Indian statesmen, dewans and prime ministers of native states
Democracy and discipline : speeches of Shrimati Indira Gandhi
India under the administration of Jawaharlal Nehru, 1889-1964, Indira Gandhi, 1917-1984, and Rajiv Gandhi, b. 1944.
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. 1, The major powers and Western Europe 1900-1971
Makers of modern Asia
The accidental prime minister
An autobiography, with musings on recent events in India
The Neville Chamberlain diary letters. Vol. 2, The reform years, 1921-27
Rajiv Gandhi : son of a dynasty
The last lion : Winston Spencer Churchill [vol. 3] : defender of the Realm, 1940-1965
Warlord : a life of Winston Churchill at war, 1874-1945
Facts about the British prime ministers : a compilation of biographical and historical information
This volume focuses on the careers of seven women who are, or have been, leaders of nations: Golda Meir, Isabel Per[ac]on, Corazon Aquino, Violeta Chamorro, Indira Gandhi, Benazir Bhutto and Margaret Thatcher. Contributors to this comparative study use case studies to examine critical issues including: context; biographical factors; the path to power; leadership style; and to what extent gender mattered in a leader's rise and performance.
