http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8252 Italian language literature
Italian language literature
Italo Calvino and the compass of literature
The Divine comedy. [3], Paradiso. 2, Commentary
Language and style in Dante : seven essays
The invention of modern Italian literature : strategies of creative imagination
Modern Swiss literature : unity and diversity : papers from a symposium
The Prague cemetery
A modern reader's guid to Dantes Inferno
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
The undivine comedy : detheologizing Dante
"Italy possesses one of the richest and most influential literatures of Europe, stretching back to the thirteenth century. This first substantial history of Italian literature to appear in the English language for forty years provides a comprehensive survey of Italian writing from its earliest origins up to the present day. Leading scholars describe and assess the work of writers who have contributed to the Italian literary tradition, including Dante, Petrarch and Boccaccio, the Renaissance humanists, Machiavelli, Ariosto and Tasso, pioneers and practitioners of opera and drama from commedia dell'arte to Pirandello and Dario Fo, the nineteenth- and twentieth-century poets from Leopardi to Montale, and the novelists from Manzoni to Calvino and Eco. The Cambridge History of Italian Literature is accessible to the general reader as well as to students and scholars: translations are provided, along with a map, chronological charts, and up-to-date and substantial bibliographies."--BOOK JACKET.
The Canzoniere, or, Rerum vulgarium fragmenta
A guide to contemporary Italian literature : from futurism to neorealism
Dante philomythes and philosopher : man in the cosmos
Bartolomeo Platina (1421-1481), historian, political theorist, and author of a best-selling cookbook, began life as a mercenary soldier and ended it as the head of the Vatican Library. A papal official under the humanist Pope Pius II, he was a member of the humanist academies of Cardinal Bessarion and Pomponio Leto, and was twice imprisoned for conspiring against Pope Paul II. Returning to favor under Pope Sixtus IV, he composed his most famous work, a biographical compendium of the Roman popes from St. Peter down to his own time. The work critically synthesized a wide range of sources and became the standard reference work on papal history for early modern Europe, reprinted dozens of times and translated into a number of languages. A characteristic work of Renaissance humanism, it used Christian antiquity as a standard against which to criticize modern churchmen. This edition contains the first complete translation into English and an improved Latin text. Volume 1, the first of a projected four, covers the period from the founding of the church through ad 461.
The elegy of madonna Fiammetta sent by her to women in love
A history of Italian literature
Lives of the Popes : Vol. 1. Antiquity
The calvary of the cranes = Il calvario delle gru
The track of sand
Troubling love
Dante and his world
Love lessons : selected poems of Alda Merini
Eugenio Montale : the private language of poetry
The modern Italian lyric
Dante's vision and the circle of knowledge
Italian literature : a very short introduction
Dante's commedia : elements of structure
Dante's testaments : essays in scriptural imagination
Teofilo Folengo (1491-1544) was born in Mantua and joined the Benedictine order, but became a runaway monk and a satirist of monasticism. In 1517 he published, under the pseudonym Merlin Cocaio, the first version of his macaronic narrative poem Baldo, later enlarged and elaborated. It blended Latin with various Italian dialects in hexameter verse, inventing a deliberately droll language whose humor depends on the mixture of high and low tonalities. An important example of the mock-heroic epic, the work was a model for Rabelais and was frequently reprinted.
The leopard
The sister
Dante for the new millennium
The periodic table
Baldo, the hero of these picaresque adventures, is a descendant of French royalty who starts out as something of a juvenile delinquent. The poem narrates episodes that include imprisonment; battles with local authorities, pirates, shepherds, witches, and demons; and a journey to the underworld. Throughout Baldo is accompanied by various companions, among them a giant, a centaur, a magician, and his best friend Cingar, a wickedly inventive trickster ("practicus ad beffas"). This edition provides the first English translation of this hilarious send-up of ancient epic and Renaissance chivalric romance.
Dante and his literary precursors
Latin poetry
Encyclopedia of Italian literary studies
Dante : a life in works
Filmmaking by the book : Italian cinema and literary adaptation
Eugenio Montale : a critical study of his poetry, prose and criticism
Passengers through time
The lost daughter
Il pastor fido : tragi-comedia pastorale = The faithful shepherd : a pastoral tragi-comedy
Reclaiming Catherine of Siena : literacy, literature, and the signs of others
Dante : contemporary perspectives
Studies in Dante. 1. series, Scripture and classical authors in Dante
The poetry of Dante
The Divine comedy : Inferno. 2, Commentary
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Cristoforo Landino (1424-1498), one of the great scholar-poets of the Renaissance, is best known today for his Platonizing commentaries on Dante and Virgil. His most substantial work of poetry was his Three Books on Xandra, written while still a young man. They consist primarily of love poetry in Latin directed to his lady-love Alessandra, but they also chronicle his life, friendships, literary studies, and the patronage of his work by Piero de' Medici. Inspired equally by the ancient Roman love-elegy and by Petrarch's Canzoniere, the poems illustrate the mingling of classical and vernacular traditions characteristic of the age of Lorenzo de' Medici. Also included in this volume is the Carmina Varia, a collection whose centerpiece is a group of elegies directed to the Venetian humanist Bernardo Bembo. These bring to life the Platonic passion Bembo conceived for Ginevra de'Benci, later the subject of a famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci. This edition contains the first translation of both works into English.
Memoir of Italo Svevo
Reading Eco : an anthology
Gabriele d'Annunzio : the dark flame
Studies in Dante. 4. series, Textual criticism of the 'Convivio' and  miscellaneous essays
Perception and passion in Dante's Comedy
Chaucer's Absolon and Boccaccio's Decameron
The Cambridge companion to Primo Levi
Lectura Boccaccii. Vol. 1, The Decameron first day in perspective
Il Rinascimento italiano di fronte alla Riforma : letteratura e arte = Sixteenth-century Italian art and literature and the reformation : atti del colloquio internazionale London, The Warburg Institute, 30-31 gennaio 2004
The poet of the marvelous : Giambattista Marino
Bare thoughts : poems
The story of the lost child
Pier Paolo Pasolini : cinema as heresy
The Divine comedy and the encyclopedia of arts and sciences : acta of the International Dante Symposium, 13-16 November 1983, Hunter Colllege, New York
Jacopo Sannazaro (1456-1530), considered by some authorities the finest Neo-Latin poet of the Italian Renaissance, spent most of his career in Naples, where he was a member and ultimately the head of the Academia Pontaniana. He is most famous for having written, in Italian, the first pastoral romance in European literature, the Arcadia (1504). But after this early work, Sannazaro devoted himself entirely to Latin poetry modeled on his beloved Vergil. In addition to his epic The Virgin Birth (1526), which earned him the title of "the Christian Vergil," he also composed Piscatory Eclogues, an innovative adaption of the eclogue form, as well as elegies, epigrams, and a number of shorter works. This volume contains the first complete English translation of all of Sannazaro's poetry in Latin, accompanied by extensive notes.
Quest and fulfilment in the 13th century Italian love lyric : an idea of medieval cognitive poetics
Alessandro Manzoni : The story of a spiritual quest
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
The Cambridge companion to Dante
Giacomo Leopardi : proceedings of the congress held at the University of California, Los Angeles, November 10-11, 1988 : for the inauguration of the Charles Speroni chair of Italian studies
The Cambridge history of Italian literature
An essay on the Vita Nuova
Poetry. Bilingual Edition. Translated from the Italian and introduced by Philip Parisi. Alfonso Gatto (1909-1976) was among Italy's foremost 20th-century poets. Italo Calvino considered his work "the largest poetic testimony of the man of the Resistance, felt as an eternal and necessary human prototype. Perhaps never as in the poems of Gatto...do we discover that temperament of the day and the sentiments of the struggle." Here war, death and the search for justice are infused with beauty, metaphysical wonder and the celebration of life. The selection is drawn from ten collections, including Poesie d'amore/Love Poems (1941-1949), La storia delle vittime/History of the Victims (1962-1965), and Desinenze/Endings.
Natalia Ginzburg : human relationships in a changing world
The Naples of Salvatore Di Giacomo : poems and a play
The divine comedy : Purgatorio. 2, Commentary
Dante and philosophy
The wall did not answer : selected poems, 1932-1976
"To make truth laugh" : Umberto Eco and the power of laughter
Journey to Beatrice
The filostrato of Giovanni Boccaccio
Interpreting the Italian Renaissance : literary perspectives
Game of mirrors
Differences, deceits and desires : murder and mayhem in Italian crime fiction
Dante now : current trends in Dante studies
The Divine Comedy : Inferno. 2, Commentary
Crimini : [the bitter lemon book of Italian crime fiction]
Dante : the poetics of conversion
Dante metamorphoses : episodes in a literary afterlife
Eugenio Montale : poet on the edge
Italo Svevo : the man and the writer
The Cambridge companion to the Italian novel
A literary tour of Italy
One way or another
Forum for modern language studies. Vol. 38, no. 2, April 2002, Italian identities
Five one-act plays
The days of abandonment
Dante, poet of the desert : history and allegory in the Divine Comedy
The Macmillan dictionary of Italian literature
Earthly and heavenly journey of Simone Martini
