http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8254 sexual disorders
sexual disorders
Evidence-based physical therapy for the pelvic floor : bridging science and clinical practice
Excessive appetites : a psychological view of addictions
Psychiatric-mental health nursing
Principles and practice of sex therapy
Does unrestricted sexual behavior have a shared genetic basis with sexual coercion?
Our sexuality
Occupational therapy and psychosocial dysfunction
Social work practice in sexual problems
One child
A longitudinal analysis shows that symptoms of premature ejaculation are variable over time and predict sexual distress
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
The sexual desire disorders : dysfunctional regulation of sexual motivation
Human sexuality and the nursing process
Standard practice in sexual medicine
Nymphomania : a history
Treating sexual distress : integrative systems therapy
Ghost girl
Sex and sexuality
Sexual dysfunction : a guide for assessment and treatment
Principles and practice of psychiatric nursing
Premature and delayed ejaculation : prevalence, heredity and diagnostic considerations
The emotional needs of young children and their families : using psychoanalytic ideas in the community
1. integrated sexual health services; 2. risk assessment; 3. contraception; 4. pregnancy planning; 5. abortion; 6. sexually transmitted infections; 7. HIV; 8. sexual dysfunction; 9. screening well people; 10. cervical cancer prevention in the era of HPV vaccines; 11. sexual health - learning from consumers.
The madness and perversion of Yukio Mishima
Women's conflicts about eating and sexuality : the relationship between food and sex
Sexuality, sexual health and ageing
Endocrine and Neuropsychiatric Disorders
Human sexuality
The nature, origins and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
Prevention : what works with children and adolescents? : a critical review of psychological prevention programmes for children, adolescents and their families
Quickies : the handbook of brief sex therapy
The handbook of sexual health in primary care
The book helps fully integrate the details of all the disorders and distinguish between the more important concepts. The Big Picture feature emphasizes the important comparisons and contrasts to other concepts presented in the chapters. A new discussion on mental disorders shows how the interpretation of behaviors is dependent on the context in which those behaviors occur. The eleventh edition also demonstrates how context drives the definitions of normal and abnormal behavior.
Handbook of self-help therapies
The butterfly children : an account of non-directive play therapy
Understanding behavior disorders : a contemporary behavioral perspective
Ectopic pregnancy in Finland in 1966-1986
A longitudinal assessment of associations between women's tendency to pretend orgasm, orgasm problems, intercourse-related pain, and age in different partner relationship constellations
Abnormal psychology and modern life
Handbook of behavioral and emotional problems in girls
Psychoneuroendocrinology research trends
Highlights of modern psychiatry
Eroticism and health
Are sexual dysfunctions and negative affects during the first intercourse related to later male sexual aggression?
Woman cancer sex
Oxford textbook of psychotherapy
Sexual dysfynction : the roles of yohimbine hydrochloride and intracavernosal vasoactive drugs in the treatment of erectile dysfunction, the effect of transurethral resection of prostate on sexual functions and the impact of dihydrotestosterone on andropausal symptoms
The psychology of sexual diversity
Abstract: Hysterectomy - mental and sexual status before and after operation. A prospective study of 98 patients.
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Psychosocial problems of children placed in children's homes
Crash
Sexuality and patient care : a guide for nurses and teachers
Adolescent health
"Nymphomania - organic disease, psychological disorder, legal construct, and locker-room joke. Throughout history, it's been all these and more. Today images of sexually available women permeate our culture, and curiosity about nymphomania appears to be as insatiable as the stereo-typical nymphomaniac herself." "Carol Groneman follows the idea of nymphomania over the last two hundred years, unraveling questions about how much is too much sex for women - and who decides."--Jacket
Erectile dysfunction : prevalence, incidence and risk factors
Private pain : understanding vaginismus & dyspareunia = it's about life, not just sex..
Couples, sex and power : politics of desire
Clinical handbook of psychological disorders : a step-by-step treatment manual
A guide to sexual and erectile dysfunction in men
Essentials of psychiatric/mental health nursing
Genitality in the theory and therapy of neurosis
Behavioral treatment of sexual problems : brief therapy
Sexual behavior : problems and management
Women's sexual function and dysfunction : study, diagnosis and treatment
Genetic and environmental effects on sexual excitation and sexual inhibition in men
Know your mind : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
Sexual function in women with neurological disorders
New directions in sex therapy : innovations and alternatives
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Mental health nursing
Evidence-based physical therapy for the pelvic floor
Psychological perspectives on sexual problems : new directions in theory and practice
The nature, origins, and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
Epidemiological and clinical studies on the etiology of infertility
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Sex by prescription : the startling truth about today's sex therapy
Multiple selves, multiple voices : working with trauma, violation, and dissociation
Body talk : the material and discursive regulation of sexuality, madness and reproduction
Exploring the dimensions of human sexuality
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Summary.
Damaged : the heartbreaking true story of a forgotten child
Emotional and behavioral problems of young children : effective interventions in the preschool and kindergarten years
The ESSM syllabus of sexual medicine
Female sexual problems show no long-term association with anxiety or depression
Enduring love
Andrology for the clinician
The relationship between disordered eating and sexual dysfunctions : a population-based study of Finnish women and men
Know your mind  : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
Sex, gender and care work
