http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8258 dairy products
dairy products
New dairy products via new technology : proce[e]dings of IDF seminar, Atlanta Ga USA, Georgia World Congress Centre, 8-9 October 1985.
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 3
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products : microbiological and chemical
Guide to good dairy farming practice
Dairy industries international
Food chemistry
The whey processing problems in Latvia
Dairy processing handbook
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 4
Food biochemistry and food processing
The Uruguay Round and the next WTO Round on agriculture : impacts on the EU dairy and meat sector
Competitiveness of Northern European dairy chains
Dairy chemistry and biochemistry
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
Laboratory manual for dairy microbiology
Structure of dairy products
Whey as raw material for development of new products for human nutrition and health : a review
Simulation of human exposure to benzylpenicillin residues via pork originating from pigs fed with a dairy by-product
New dairy products via new technology : proceedings of IDF seminar, Atlanta Ga USA, Georgia World Congress Centre, 8-9 October 1985.
Market imperfections in the Estonian transitional dairy market
B. W. Hammer : panegyric
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 2
Advanced dairy science and technology
Consumer-led new product development : case: dairy industry
Dairy fats and related products
Possibilities to increase assortment of products made from whey protein
Bioactive components in milk and dairy products
Some recent achievements in biotechnology and dairy fermentation techniques of lactic acid bacteria
Dairy science and technology
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
The gourmet atlas
Whey pretreatments before ultrafiltration
Milk and dairy product technology
Protein & fat globule modifications by heat treatment, homogenization & other technological means for high quality dairy products : proceedings of the IDF seminar held in Munich, Germany from 25 to 28 August 1992.
Market potential for Valio Ltd's dairy products in the Volga and Urals Federal Districts In Russia
Trade protection of Finnish dairy products and its effects on consumer welfare
Whey proteins fractionation with membrane techniques
Milk and milk products : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Statements about the english market for dairy-production and margarine during the 10-years-period 1896-1905 published by The finnish dairy association
Milk processing and quality management
Human listeriosis outbreaks linked to dairy products in Europe
Fractionation methods of whey proteins - chromatographic techniques
Marketing of the dairy products targeted at the weight management : competitor analysis for Valio Ltd's ProFeel
Investigations into the microbial factors affecting the keeping quality of butter
Whey processing, functionality and health benefits
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products
New techniques of whey processing
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Dairy chemistry and physics
Dairy-based ingredients
The aims of the present study were to analyze the market potential for Valio dairy products in the Volga and Urals Federal Districts (FD) in Russia. The research assesses the market potential by examining the target marketʼs economic, social and politic conditions, competitive environment and the consumption and current sales of dairy products. The research is a case study for the leading Finnish dairy product producer, Valio Ltd, which has operated in the Russian market for several years.The theoretical part of the research discusses the market research and the research methodology in general. Furthermore, it presents the peculiarities of the market research in the emerging markets. The empirical study is mainly based on secondary data sources such as statistics provided by the Russian Federal Statistical Service and privately bought researches on the current market players, their sales volumes and sales values in the Volga and Urals FDʼs. The empirical study indicates that both the Volga and Urals FDʼs consist of regions that are economically and socially on different levels. The most rapidly developing locales are the Sverdlovsk Region, the Chelyabinsk Region, the Samara Region and Tatarstan, and more specifically, their capital cities. These regions currently have the highest purchasing power and they also attract domestic and foreign investors the most. Dairy products are very traditional consumer goods in the target market, especially in Tatarstan, Bashkortostan and Sverdlovsk, and their consumption is relatively high compared to the average in Russia. Pasteurized milk, sour milk products, cheeses and yoghurts are currently the most popular dairy products in the examined market. Nearly every region has one or few large dairy companies that lead the local market along with a few national and international dairy product producers. The locally produced dairy products are very often the most affordable ones. The main conclusion is that both the Volga and Urals FDʼs are developing rapidly and their continuously increasing purchasing power, especially in the largest cities, creates a potential market for several dairy products. In general, the dairy products are very commonly consumed in each subject. The strong leaders in the local markets and their affordable prices are the main issues for Valio to be prepared for in the Volga and Urals FDʼs.
Launching the product innovation to a market : case study from a dairy industry
Rigid plastic dairy packagings in the market area of Sweden
The Next WTO Round on Agriculture and EU Enlargement : pressures for reforms in the EU Common Agricultural Policy
Environmental systems analysis of dairy production
The world market for dairy products
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 1
Catalogue of the dairy-produce of Finland exhibited at the International Agricultural Exhibition held at Kilburn, June 30 to July 7, 1879 : with introductory remarks
Sweet buttermilk in UHT-products : influence on functionality and sensory features
Milk and milk products : from medieval to modern times : proceedings of the Ninth International Conference on Ethnological Food Research, Ireland, 1992
