http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8251 heads of state
heads of state
"A bold explanation of how and why national leaders are able--or unable--to correctly analyze and predict the intentions of foreign rivals"--
Kim Il Sung : biography. 2, From building democratic Korea to Chullima flight
Tito of Yugoslavia
Theodore Roosevelt and the politics of power
In our time : the speeches that shaped the modern world
Leaders of Russia and the Soviet Union : from the Romanov dynasty to Vladimir Putin
No end save victory : how FDR led the nation into war
The tyrants
Profiles in courage for our time
28th an[n]iversary of the attack on the Moncada Garrison : Las Tunas, 26th of July 1981 : speech
Svetlana : the inside story
A pictorial history of Adolf Hitler
100 people who made history : meet the people who shaped the modern world
THE RISE AND FALL OF STALIN
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
Nehru : a political biography
The encyclopedia of mistresses : [an under-the-covers look at the 'other women' of history's most influential men]
The rectification process is not something new
Worldmark encyclopedia of the nations. Volyme 6, World leaders
In the trench of the revolution
The Guinness book of kings, rulers and statesmen
Historic world leaders
History will absolve me
Citizen soldier : a life of Harry S. Truman
The presidents of the United States of America
Hitler : a short biography
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
Indira : a biography of prime minister Gandhi
Stalin : triumph and tragedy
"The in-depth biography of Angela Merkel, using exclusive new sources and research to tell how the daughter of a clergyman from East Germany rose to become one of the most powerful women in the world"--NoveList.
Deng Xiaoping and the cultural revolution : a daughter recalls the critical years
Leaders who changed the world
Barack Obama : the making of a president
Nothing can stop the course of history
Stalin. Volume 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
In sickness and in power : illness in heads of government during the last 100 years
Khrushchev : a biography
An example of internationalist, generous, fraternal attitude
Churchill
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
Dynasty : the hereditary succession politics of North Korea
Tiger on the brink : Jiang Zemin and China's new elite
In 2015 Time magazine named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as its Person of the Year, leaving little doubt that the woman who has held control of the European Union and successfully negotiated with Russian President Vladimir Putin is one of the most crucial and formidable fixtures in contemporary politics. This book is the story of the political titan's ascent from complete obscurity to become one of the most influential leaders in the world, responsible for making Germany more liberal and prosperous than it has ever been. Matthew Qvortrup weaves together Merkel's personal story with the vivid history of post-World War II Germany, combining his years of experience as a political commentator and journalist with his unique access to groundbreaking materials on Merkel--his research relies on original German sources and archives that have never been made available in English. This definitive biography follows Angela Merkel from her bleak childhood in East Germany through her meteoric rise to prominence and power, and includes up-to-date information on recent pressing concerns, such as the current refugee crisis. Offering an unprecedented look at how Merkel's inimitable personality and perspective allowed her and her staff of mostly female advisors to repeatedly outmaneuver a network of conservative male politicians, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in politics and current affairs, or simply in the story of a truly remarkable woman--Adapted from dust jacket.
African states and rulers : an encyclopedia of native, colonial and independent states and rulers past and present
The Hitler I knew : the memoirs of the Third Reich's press chief
Stalin : a biography
In December 2003, after one of the largest, most aggressive manhunts in history, US military forces captured Iraqi president Saddam Hussein near his hometown of Tikrit. Beset by body-double rumors and false alarms during a nine-month search, the Bush administration needed positive identification of the prisoner before it could make the announcement that would rocket around the world. At the time, John Nixon was a senior CIA leadership analyst who had spent years studying the Iraqi dictator. Called upon to make the official ID, Nixon looked for telltale scars and tribal tattoos and asked Hussein a list of questions only he could answer. The man was indeed Saddam Hussein, but as Nixon learned in the ensuing weeks, both he and America had greatly misunderstood just who Saddam Hussein really was. Debriefing the President presents an astounding, candid portrait of one of our era's most notorious strongmen.
Optimal control for econometric models : an approach to economic policy formulation
Roosevelt and the Holocaust : How FDR saved the Jews and brought hope to a nation
Winston Churchill : the wilderness years
Mao : a very short introduction
The unknown Stalin
Stalin. Vol. 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
Adolf Hitler
To the Castle and back
Atatürk's Legacy : A Worldview in Historical Context
The Kremlin conspiracy
Profiles of African leaders
Tribute to president Chiang Kai-shek : collection of writings to commemorate the 3rd anniversary of his passing = Zongtong Jiang gong : shishi sanzhounian jinianji
Disputed barricade : the life and times of Josip Broz-Tito, marshal of Jugoslavia
Kim Il Sung : biography. [I], From birth to triumphant return to homeland
Mahatma Gandhi : a selected bibliography
The literary Churchill : author, reader, actor
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. Vol. 2, The Arab world 1900-1972
Mao Tsetung and China
Good morning, Mr Mandela : a young woman, a president, a life-changing friendship
The American presidency in action 1789 : a study in constitutional history
A pictorial history of Winston Churchill
Gensek i fotograf : 100-letnemu ûbileû L. I. Brežneva posvâŝaetsâ = General secretary and photographer
Fidel Castro speeches : Cuba's internationalist foreign policy, 1975-80
Tito : a biography
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. Vol. 3, The British empire and successor states 1900-1972
The triumph of improvisation : Gorbachev's adaptability, Reagan's engagement and the end of the Cold War
Visions of victory : the hopes of eight World War II leaders
American presidents and the Middle East
21 speeches that shaped our world : the people and ideas that changed the way we think
Given his status as arguably the most despised political figure in history, it is surprising that there have only been four serious biographies of the Fuhrer since the 1930s. Perhaps even more surprisingly, his biographers have been more interested in how he came to power and how he exercised his leadership than in Hitler the person. Yet to render Hitler as a political animal with no personality to speak of, as a man of limited intelligence and poor social skills, does little to explain the spell that he cast not only on those close to him but on the German people as a whole. In the first volume of this magisterial biography, Volker Ullrich sets out to correct our perception of the Fuhrer. While charting in detail Hitler's life from his childhood to the eve of the Second World War, Ullrich unveils the man behind the public persona: his charming and repulsive traits, his talents and weaknesses, his deep-seated insecurities and murderous passions.
Lenin through the eyes of Lunacharsky : [selected articles, speeches, talks, reminiscences... about Vladimir Ilyich Lenin]
Lenin and the Bolsheviks : the intellectual and political history of the triuph of communism in Russia
International image management for a national leader : a case study of chancellor Merkel
Angela Merkel : the chancellor and her world
Obama : a promise of change
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
The real North Korea : life and politics in the failed Stalinist utopia
Begin : a biography
Sisällysluettelo: 1. Hitler as leader of "party, state, and armed forces" -- Character and talent -- From popular leader to gambler with destiny -- Hitler's foreign policy during the war -- Hitler the soldier -- The leader state : chaos in leadership -- The Führer's will and the will of the people -- pt. 2. Scenes from Hitler's life -- Postscript.
A biography of Atatürk, the founder and the first president, of the Republic of Turkey : his reforms and principles
Eisenhower was my boss
Freedom and unity = Uhuru na umoja : a selection from writings and speeches 1952-65
Franco : a biography
The autobiography of Fidel Castro
The shadows of Elisa Lynch : how a nineteenth-century Irish courtesan became the most powerful woman in Paraguay
Qaddafi and the Libyan revolution
Saddam : his rise and fall
Understand Stalin's Russia
The American president
American Caesars : lives of the presidents from Franklin D. Roosevelt to George W. Bush
Dinner with Mugabe : the untold story of a freedom fighter who became a tyrant
Deng Xiaoping : my father
The unwritten order : Hitler's role in the final solution
The presidentialization of politics : a comparative study of modern democracies
Islam and the third universal theory : the religious thought of Mu'ammar al-Qadhdhafi
Mao Zedong : a Penguin life
Nyerere of Tanzania
Heads of states and governments : a worldwide encyclopedia of over 2,300 leaders, 1945 through 1992
The private life of chairman Mao : the memoirs of Mao's personal physician
Lenin the dictator : an intimate portrait
Hitler : Ascent 1889-1939
Sons of heaven : a portrait of the japanese monarchy
Fidel Castro talks with us and French journalists, July-August, 1983.
One nation under sex : how the private lives of presidents, first ladies and their lovers changed the course of American history
Mannerheim, marshal of Finland
Speeches and writings
Kim Il Sung : biography. 3, From independent national economy to 10-point political programme
Diplomacy at the highest level : the evolution of international summitry
Indian statesmen, dewans and prime ministers of native states
Kim Il Sung : biography. [II]. From building democratic Korea to Chullima flight
A left-handed history of the world
Apply theory to the particular conditions of each country
Abstract.
Brief history of the revolutionary activities of Comrade Kim Il Sung
The Churchill Factor : how one man made history
Debriefing the president : the interrogation of Saddam Hussein
Stalin. Volume I, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
Bill Clinton as they know him : an oral biography
100 greatest tyrants
Saddam : king of terror
The secret diaries of Hitler's doctor
Conversations with myself
The private life of Chairman Mao : the memoirs of Mao's personal physician
The real Fidel Castro
The life and evil times of Nicolae Ceausescu
Six months in 1945 : FDR, Stalin, Churchill, and Truman - from World War to Cold War
The presidents
Nothing can stop the course of history : interview granted to Jeffrey Elliot and Mervyn Dymally on various economic, political and historical topics
Freedom and unity : a selection from writings and speeches 1952-65 = Uhuru na umoja
"More than two thousand years ago the Chinese strategist Sun Tzu advised us to know our enemies. The question has always been how. In A Sense of the Enemy, the historian Zachary Shore demonstrates that leaders can best understand an opponent not simply from his pattern of past behavior, but from his behavior at pattern breaks. Meaningful pattern breaks occur during dramatic deviations from the routine, when the enemy imposes costs upon himself. It's at these unexpected moments, Shore explains, that successful leaders can learn what makes their rivals truly tick. Shore presents a uniquely revealing history of twentieth-century conflict. With vivid, suspenseful prose, he takes us into the minds of statesmen, to see how they in turn tried to enter the minds of others. In the process, he shows how this type of mind-reading, which he calls "strategic empathy," shaped matters of war and peace. Mahatma Gandhi, for instance, was an excellent strategic empath.In the wake of a British massacre of unarmed Indian civilians, how did Gandhi know that nonviolence could ever be effective? And what of Gustav Stresemann, the 21-year-old Wunderkind Ph.D., who rose from lobbyist for chocolate makers to Chancellor of Germany. How did he manage to resurrect his nation to great power status after its humiliating loss in World War One? And then there is Le Duan, the shadowy Marxist manipulator who was actually running North Vietnam during the 1960s, as opposed to Ho Chi Minh. How did this rigid ideologue so skillfully discern America's underlying constraints? And, armed with this awareness, how did he construct a grand strategy to defeat the United States? One key to all these leaders' triumphs came from the enemy's behavior at pattern breaks.Drawing on research from the cognitive sciences, and tapping multilingual, multinational sources, Shore has crafted an innovative history of the last century's most pivotal moments, when lives and nations were on the line. Through this curious study of strategic empathy, we gain surprising insights into how great leaders think"--
The process of political succession
Hitler. Ascent, 1889-1939
Ben-Gurion : the biography of an extraordinary man
Richard Nixon : the shaping of his character
Faithful to the ideals of socialism
Mao : the unknown story
Stalin : a beginner's guide
A sense of the enemy : the high-stakes history of reading your rival's mind
Sebestyen's biography is the first major work in English for nearly two decades on one of the most significant figures of the twentieth century. In Russia to this day Lenin inspires adulation. Everywhere, he continues to fascinate as a man who made history, and who created a new kind of state that would later be imitated by nearly half the countries in the world. Lenin believed that the 'the political is the personal', and while in no way ignoring his political life, Sebestyen's focus will be on Lenin the man - a man who loved nature almost as much as he loved making revolution, and whose closest ties and friendships were with women. The long-suppressed story of his menage a trois with his wife, Nadezhda Krupskaya, and his mistress and comrade, Inessa Armand, reveals a different character to the coldly one-dimensional figure of legend. Told through the prism of Lenin's key relationships, Sebestyen casts a new light the Russian Revolution, one of the great turning points of modern history.
Nehru : the making of India
Indira : the life of the Indira Nehru Gandhi
Man of glory : Simón Bolívar
Betrayal : the Untold Story of the Kurt Waldheim Investigation and Cover-up
The Mao case
The morning deluge : Mao Tsetung and the Chinese revolution, 1893-1954
Do new leaders make a difference : executive succession and public policy under capitalism and socialism
Makers of modern Asia
The naming of the dead
Grey wolf : Mustafa Kemal : an intimate study of a dictator
Mandela : a film and historical companion : a major motion picture based on Nelson Mandela's bestselling autobiography Long walk to freedom
Fidel and religion : talks with Frei Betto
The last days of Stalin
