http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8262 lubrication
lubrication
Engine Auxiliary System Guideline: Lubricating Oil Systems
Cam shaft and follower wear and friction tests : with a Pin on Disc tribometer
Tribology of metal cutting
Mechanical engineering design
'Fundamentals of Tribology' deals with the fundamentals of lubrication, friction and wear. It begins by introducing readers to the importance of tribology in everyday life before going on to discuss specific aspects of tribological phenomena.
Condition monitoring of slowly rotating grease lubricated rolling bearings
Lubrication and maintenance of industrial machinery : best practices and reliability
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 3, June 14. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 5, Espoo, Finland
Oils and lubricants used on leather
Friction in low speed lubricated rolling and sliding contacts
Experimental methods for the evaluation of lubrication conditions in gear contacts
Applied chemistry : a textbook for engineers and technologists
Oil film pressure in hydrodynamic journal bearings
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 2, June 13. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Työstökoneiden voiteluhuolto = Lubrication maintenance of machine tools
Internal combustion engine handbook : basics, components, systems, and perspectives
Monitoring of contaminants in a grease lubricated rolling bearing by acoustic emission method : an industrial case study
Engineering tribology
Industrial mechanics and maintenance
Lubricant systems, passenger car, and heavy duty engine lubricants
Carbon nanomaterials and carbon coatings in lubrication : "MINIMA MAXIMA SUNT"
Friction measurement in high pressure, water-lubricated, reciprocating sliding
Water-based boundary lubrication with biomolecule additives on diamond-like carbon and stainless steel surfaces
Subzero Engineering Conditions Conference proceedings, [Rovaniemi, Finland, 9-11 January, 1989]
Friction science and technology : from concepts to applications
Marks' standard handbook for mechanical engineers
Light and heavy vehicle technology
The two-stroke cycle engine : its development, operation, and design
Fundamentals of tribology
Auto fundamentals : how and why of the design, construction, and operation of automobiles : applicable to all makes and models
Condition monitoring of grease lubricated rolling bearings : measurement equipment
Introduction to tribology
Lubricant additives : chemistry and applications
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 4, June 15. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Development of production technology for triols through catalytic hydrogenation
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 1, June 12. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Diesel engines. Volumes 1 & 2, for ship propulsion and power plants from 0 to 100,00 kW
Automotive lubricants reference book
