http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8261 electrical supplies shop
electrical supplies shop
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
Polarization in electromagnetic systems
Fundamental university physics. 2, Fields and waves
University physics
Quick tips for better business writing
This comprehensive text covers fundamental wave propagation behaviours and computational techniques for waves in inhomogeneous media. It should be of value to students and researchers in electromagnetic wave theory, and to engineers, physicists, and geophysicists involved in remote sensing.
Corporate politics and the Internet
Plane wave in a decomposable bi-anisotropic medium
Fields and waves in communication electronics
Writing business letters for dummies
Sears & Zemansky's college physics
eReading advertising and value creation best practices - Outlook 2010-2011 / Seppo Leminen, Juho-Petteri Huhtala (Eds.)
Spontaneous movements of hands in gradients of weak VHF electromagnetic fields
English for Emails
Rotating electrical machines. Part 1, Rating and performance
E-mail and ethics : style and ethical relations in computer-mediated communication
Physics for engineers and scientists
Fundamentals of electromagnetics with MATLAB
Business Plan for Cafe "Bulevaardi"
How to write better business letters
Most existing books on wavelets are either too mathematical or they focus on too narrow a specialty. This book provides a thorough treatment of the subject from an engineering point of view. It is a one-stop source of theory, algorithms, applications, and computer codes related to wavelets. This second edition has been updated by the addition of: a section on "Other Wavelets" that describes curvelets, ridgelets, lifting wavelets, etc. a section on lifting algorithms Sections on Edge Detection and Geophysical Applications Section on Multiresolution Time Domain Method (MRTD) and on Inverse problems.
Fundamentals of physics
Alteration in business models of electricity distribution companies : a case of smart metering
Working the cloud : the ultimate guide to making the Internet work for you and your business
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
Modeling electric utility business processes with UML
Business Writing for Dummies
This book deals with the reflection of electromagnetic and particle waves by interfaces. The interfaces can be sharp or diffuse. The topics of the book contain absorption, inverse problems, anisotropy, pulses and finite beams, rough surfaces, matrix methods, numerical methods, reflection of particle waves and neutron reflection. Exact general results are presented, followed by long wave reflection, variational theory, reflection amplitude equations of the Riccati type, and reflection of short waves. There are new chapters on periodically stratified media, ellipsometry, chiral media, neutron reflection and reflection of acoustic waves. The chapter on anisotropy is much extended, with a complete treatment of the reflection and transmission properties of arbitrarily oriented uniaxial crystals.
Eureka! : physics of particles, matter and the universe
Brilliant business writing : how to inspire, engage and persuade through words
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Management colsultancy : - what next?
Business communication
Propagation of waves in curved spacetimes
Physical principles of remote sensing
Power system restructuring and deregulation : trading, performance and information technology
Waves and fields in inhomogeneous media
The encyclopedia of business letters, fax memos, and e-mail
Fundamentals of wavelets : theory, algorithms, and applications
Student workbook for physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach with modern physics
e-mail @nd business letter writing : a best-practice approach
Theory of electromagnetic wave propagation
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Student's preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in Kuas Cafeterias, Finland / Juan Jose Garcia Navarro & Lucia Palkovicova
Power definitions and the physical mechanism of power flow
Merriam-Webster's guide to international business communications
Viral marketing : get your audience to do your marketing for you
The language of success : business writing that informs, persuades, and gets results
Physics : curiosities, oddities, and novelties
Detection of human movement by near field imaging / : development of a novel method and applications
The encyclopedia of business letters, faxes, and e-mail
Business and commerce workshop
A student's guide to Maxwell's equations
Unsubscribe : how to kill email anxiety, avoid distractions and get real work done
Regulation design in the electricity distribution sector : theory and practice
Theoretical background for market emergence framework : case: electricity distribution industry
Regulatory interaction in electricity retail : theory and evidence from the United States and the European Union
Detection of human movement by near field imaging : development of a novel method and applications
Modern electrodynamics
High resolution infrared spectroscopy on the fundamental bands of [sup 13]CH[sub 3]I
Waves in metamaterials
Beginning physics 2 : waves, electromagnetism, optics and modern physics
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit [Ellibs-kirja]
Physics for scientists & engineers
Theory of reflection : reflection and transmission of electromagnetic, particle and acoustic waves
Repair work interaction in business e-mail messages - with special reference to interpersonal metadiscourse
Improve your global business English
Analysis of electricity distribution network operation business models and capitalization of control room functions with DMS
Communicating the American way : a guide to U.S. business communications
Collective network capability in international project business networks : a case study of the business network for the Ashanti electrification project in Ghana
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Business letters and e-mail
"This book is an in-depth essential reference of rotating electrical machine design theory and application. In the first part of the book the general theory governing the design of an electrical machine is presented; addressing the necessary fundamentals of electromagnetic theory; exploring possible winding arrangements and resistances; describing the behaviour of the magnetic circuit and flux leakage. After this introduction of principles the main body of the book focuses on the design of a rotating electrical machine. The book defines basic characteristics such as machine type (e.g. synchronous, asynchronous, DC and doubly salient reluctance machines) and type of construction (e.g. external pole, internal pole, axial flux and radial flux machines). It then moves on to provide a detailed analysis of the design process and properties of rotating electrical machines including the insulation and heat removal options. The book illustrates the necessary analytical calculations for machine design through direct design examples i.e. a permanent magnet motor for normal speeds with rotor surface magnets, traditional squirrel cage induction motor, a low speed high torque fractional slot permanent magnet motor etc. "--
Physics in minutes
Evaluation of energy towers : India
Micromotion compensation and a neural recording and stimulation system for electrophysiological measurements
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
From business correspondence to message exchange : the notion of genre in business communication
Business and administrative communication
Design of rotating electrical machines
Reflection of obliquely incident plane wave from chiral slab backed by soft and hard surface
E-mail etiquette : a fresh look at dealing effectively with e-mail, developing great style, and writing clear, concise messages
Big in Asia : 25 strategies for business success
Open for business! : how to write letters that get results
Chiral hard surface waveguide polarization transformers
Abstract:
Communication for the workplace : an integrated language approach
Business Communication Essentials
E-writing : 21st-century tools for effective communication
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
Commonsense direct & digital marketing
Model business letters, e-mails & other business documents
Directive functions in intra-corporate cross-border email interaction
Change of electricity distribution industry : drivers and opening business opportunities
"This book is an in-depth essential reference of rotating electrical machine design theory and application"--
Modeling XML applications with UML : practical e-business applications
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
