http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8265 recognition
recognition
A comprehensive illustrated field guide : birds of Africa : south of the Sahara
[Identification cards]
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Fundamentals of papermaking fibres : transactions of the symposium held at Cambridge, September 1957
Studies on bird vocalization detection and classification of species
The complete encyclopedia of trees of the world : the ultimate reference and identification guide to more than 1300 of the most spectacular, best-loved and unusual trees around the globe, with 3000 specially commissioned illustrations, maps and photographs
"This book aims to recover the disruptive nature of the dialectical tradition by means of a severe critique of the dominance of an anthropology of the individual identity in contemporary theories of recognition. This critique implies a thorough rethinking of basic concepts such as desire, negativity, will and drive, with Hegel, Lacan and Adorno being our main guides."
Governing borders and security : the politics of connectivity and dispersal
Cellular authentication for mobile and internet services
Identification of pathogenic fungi
The little book of night time animal sounds
The shark handbook : the essential guide for understanding the sharks of the world
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Who goes there? Find out inside! Listen to the sounds of the night with this magically atmospheric tour of the animals who inhabit the world around you whilst you sleep - easily accessed at the touch of 12 simple sound buttons.
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
Birds of Africa : south of the Sahara : a comprehensive illustrated field guide
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
Verbal and nonverbal features of human-human and human-machine interaction : cost action 2102 international conference, Patras, Greece, October 29-31, 2007; revised papers
Maine mosses : Drummondiaceae - Polytrichaceae
RFID and contactless smart card applications
Nematode identification and expert system technology
International opportunity recognition among Finnish SMEs : organic food SMEs in the Baltic Sea region
The handbook of bird identification : for Europe and the Western Palearctic
Adopting biometric technology : challenges and solutions
The silenced
Characteristics of identity and access management projects
Wood : identification & use
Common lilac cultuvars in the green areas of the city of Helsinki, Finland
Biometrics: advanced identity verification : the complete guide
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
Snakes : the new compact study guide and identifier
This thesis details the parts, sections, reasons, and products used in  the  InterestID project prototype that was created for conferences. The product used many types of technologies and open source tools to  make social networking at a conference simple and easy to use even for  novice computer users. Additionally, InterestID uses physical products to represent one's digital self at the conference. This provides an ability to use computer  technology in a more ubiquitous way. This thesis documents that process. Lastly, all details of how the model, view, controller are given for examination and review, and the databases are also detailed to show how connections are made and what security measures were taken.
UPOV workshop on new technology for cultivar description and characterization, Cambridge, UK, September 1988.
The illustrated encyclopedia of animals of Africa, Britain and Europe
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Trees and shrubs : Hardy in the British isles. Volume 3, N-Rh
A guide to identification of deciduous broad-leaved trees and shrubs in winter
Trees and shrubs of the Adirondacks
Blood on the tongue
Chemical sensors : an introduction for scientists and engineers
Field identification guide to the living marine resources of the Eastern and Southern Mediterranean
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
Biometrics : from fiction to practice /c edited by Eliza Yingzi Du
Advances in forensic human identification
Fuzzy control and identification
Introduction to biometrics
Birds of Britain and Europe : photographic field guide
Fish identification tools for biodiversity and fisheries assessments : review and guidance for decision-makers
Security, risk and the biometric state : governing borders and bodies
The application of comparative morphology in the identification of intestinal parasites : [in full color]
Identity theft handbook : detection, prevention, and security
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
Yeasts : culture, identification and microbiology
"This book explores and maps the relationship between borders, security and global governance. Theoretically, the book seeks to establish to what degree, and in what ways, traditional notions of borders, security and (global) governance are being eroded, undermined and contested in the context of a globalizing world. Borders are increasingly being re-conceptualized to account for connectivity as well as divisions at the same time as focus is shifting from permanence to permeability. The ambivalence ascribed to bordering processes is at heart a security concern; borders are not only entwined with state formation but also attempts at governing securities, identities and histories. Proceeding from a critical rendering of statist conceptualizations of borders, security and governance, the book not only emphasizes the politics of borders, mobility and re-locations, but also provides a shared groundwork for interrogating the spatial conditions for bordering and border work as manifestations of a continuously deferred becoming rather than being. A principal contribution of the volume is its scrutiny of how borders are enacted and perceived in and through the everyday, and of how such production and construal can make sense as acts of resistance to various forms of governing. Such a focus reveals the necessity of investigating how governing from a distance affects the possibilities and tendencies to securitize as well as desecuritize, within as well as beyond elite settings. This book will be of much interest to students of border studies, human geography, governmentality, global governance and IR/critical security studies"--
Birds of our country and of the dominions, colonies and dependencies: their life, eggs, nests and identification. Volume 1, A - T
Business opportunity identification for entrepreneur in Finland
Cross-word modeling for Arabic speech recognition
Sugar-cane diseases : a guide for field identification
Advances in biometrics for secure human authentication and recognition
Trees of Britain and northern Europe
Getting started with RFID
Cases (examples of APL practice) : what can be learnt?
Authentication and security aspects in an international multi-user network
National security
Digital signature in practice for a Chinese company
Grand Hotel Abyss : desire, recognition and the restoration of the subject
Learning discriminative models from structured multi-sensor data for human context recognition
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
Development of accelerometry-based fall detection:from laboratory environment to real life
Identification of PWB, improving bar code reading reliability
Corporate Remote Access
User authentication : cases: SecurID PINpad card and SecurID USB token
Birds of our country and of the dominions, colonies and dependencies: their life, eggs, nests and identification. Volume 2, T - Y, Birds of Asia, Africa, N. & S. America, Australasia, and classification of birds
Principles and practice of clinical bacteriology
America identified : biometric technology and society
The resistance : Avalon
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
This book introduces the optical multi-band polarization imaging theory and the utilization of the multi-band polarimetric information for detecting the camouflage object and the optical hidden marker, and enhancing the visibility in bad weather and water. The book describes systematically and in detail the basic optical polarimetry theory; provides abundant multi-band polarimetric imaging experiment data; and indicates practical evaluation methods for designing the multi-band polarization imager, for analyzing and modeling the object's multi-band polarization characteristics, and for enhancing the vision performance in scattering media. This book shows the latest research results of multi-band polarimetric vision, especially in camouflage object detection, optical hidden marker detection and multi-band polarimetric imagery fusion.
The world's rarest birds
Identification and evaluation of learning disabilities : the school team's guide to student success
Birds of Great Britain and Europe : a bird spotter's guide
Textbook of algae
Wild flowers of Britain & Europe
Ultimate werewolf
How to read houses : a crash course in domestic architecture
The official identity theft prevention handbook
Owls of the world : a photographic guide
Flowers of Greece and the Aegean
Individual tree measurements by means of digital aerial photogrammetry
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
The formation and structure of paper : transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1961 : in two volumes, 1
Production of comparative dyeings for the identification  of dyes on historic textile materials : conservation analytical laboratory 15th through 19th September 1986
Identification of talent in a multinational corporation and the challenges, problems and biases surrounding it
Recognition : a study in the philosophy of artificial intelligence
National Wildlife Federation field guide to trees of North America
Abstract: RFID Linux authentication.
Mushrooms
Methods for facial expression recognition with applications in challenging situations
Linguistic identity matching
System signatures and their applications in engineering reliability
Handbook of Biometrics
How to identify grasses and grasslike plants (sedges and rushes)
Beauty in wood
Cover song identification using compression-based distance measures
Recognition and social behaviour in Formica ants
Guess who's-- speedy!
The identification of Streptococcus pneumoniae
Emotion recognition from speech using prosodic features
FreeRADIUS for small and medium-sized companies
Recognition systems
Value assessment of prior learning
Security in RFID and sensor networks
The wild flower key : a guide to plant identification in the field, with and without flowers : over 1400 species
The practical illustrated guide to growing cacti & succulents : the definitive gardening reference on identification, care and cultivation with a directory of 400 varieties and 700 photographs
Airline tail colours
Collins BTO guide to British birds
Butterflies of Britain and Europe
The identification of weed seedlings of farm and garden
An atlas of Michigan fishes with keys and illustrations for their identification
Flight identification of raptors of Europe, North Africa and the Middle East
Lichens of Uttar Pradesh
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
The effects of culture on children's pain
The new observer's book of ships
Sweetheart
Geospatial techniques for managing environmental resources
The resistance
Indoor Location Systems based on ZigBee networks
Trees of Ontario, including tall shrubs
Scanning electron microscopy of the surface structure of seeds from the genus Epilobium in Fennoscandia for determining the species
The InterestID project
Multi-band polarization imaging and applications
The Hillier colour dictionary of trees & shrubs
Hymenoptera of the world : an identification guide to families
Identifying additional learning needs in the early years : listening to the children
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Forensics : crime scene investigations from murder to global terrorism
Assessment of prior learning in vocational teacher education
Audio- and video-based biometric person authentication : Third International Conference, AVBPA 2001, Halmstad, Sweden, June 6-8, 2001 : proceedings
Treating gambling problems
Ontogeny of nestmate recognition in Formica fusca
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
How to identify mushrooms to genus. 5, Cultural and developmental features
The practical guide to garden herbs : how to identify, choose and grow herbs with an A-Z directory and more than 730 photographs
The genus Clematis
The surfaces of seeds from nineteen species of Epilobium in Fennoscandia were investigated with scanning electron microscope. The photographs were taken of seeds at magnifications of approximately 45 or 90 times, respectively, depending on the size of the seed. In addition, photographs of four times higher magnification were taken of the base of each seed, as well as detailed pictures of the seed surface at a magnification of about 560 times. In general, the photographs of the seeds were found to provide sufficient evidence to identify the species..
Vision-based human motion description and recognition
Jane's aircraft recognition guide
The illustrated guide to edible wild plants
Operation and maintenance security in UMTS networks
Working with monsters : a course in monsterology
Winter tree finder : for identifying deciduous trees in winter
RFID technology and RF600 system
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
Microbiology : fundamentals and applications
User profiling and classification for fraud detection in mobile communications networks
Sedum : cultivated stonecrops
Recognizing human activities based on wearable inertial measurements:methods and applications
How to know the beetles
Identification of softwoods by their mictorcopic structure
Tracks & sign of insects & other invertebrates : a guide to North American species
The formation and structure of paper : transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1961 : in two volumes, 2
My first orchestra book
Comparison and testing of 2 D readers
The complete encyclopedia of shells : informative text with hundreds of photographs
Liquid chromatography and atmospheric pressure ionisation mass spectrometry in the analyses of drug seizures
Perception and representation : current issues
Waterborne zoonoses : identification, causes and control
Trees of Britain and Europe : photographic field guide
Seed identification handbook
Complete birds of Britain and Europe
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
As forensic human identification receives increased global attention, practitioners, policy makers, and students need an appropriate resource that describes current methods and modalities that have shaped today's policies and protocols. A supplemental follow-up to Forensic Human Identification: An Introduction, Advances in Forensic Human Identification covers advances in the most well-known scientific techniques and discusses new and developing subjects and modalities of human identification. A collection of contributions from worldwide experts, the book embraces a broad.
RFID Linux authentication
My first book of garden wildlife
Identifying trees : an all-season guide to Eastern North America
Identifying and managing the target company ́s customers in cross-border acquisitions
Recognition theory as social research
The checklist of species, hybrids and cultivars of the genus Fuchsia
Using FaceReader to recognize emotions during self-assessment relating to dyslexia
Named entities in the BRIEFS information extraction system
The complete mushroom hunter : an illustrated guide to finding, harvesting, and enjoying wild mushrooms
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
Insect pests of maize : a quide for field identification
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
A woman in Jerusalem : [a novel]
