http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8275 paleontology
paleontology
Primary succession in arctic tundra on the west coast of Spitsbergen (Svalbard)
Philip's guide to fossils
Plant fossils : the history of land vegetation
The universe within : the deep history of human body
Understanding fossils : an introduction to invertebrate palaeontology
The Natural History Museum book of dinosaurs
The dragon seekers : the discovery of dinosaurs before Darwin
Statistical studies of pleistocene and recent mammals
Advances in Austrian-Hungarian joint geological research
Carbonate cemented pillars at Nesøya, North Norway : proposal for an alternative model of formation
Prehistoric animals
Evolution : the story of life
Late quaternary climate changes in the central Sahara
Large mammalian clawed herbivores : a comparative study
Archaeometry: further Australasian studies
Zhoukoudian Beijingren yizhi = Peking man site at Zhoukoudian
The complete illustrated guide to minerals, rocks & fossils of the world
The history of British birds
The biosphere
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Fossils : the key to the past
Prehistoric animals in the modern world
Scanning electron microscope studies of Cretaceous coccoliths from the Köpingsberg borehole no. 1, SE Sweden
Paleocene faunas of the San Juan basin, New Mexico
Murchison in Moray : a geologist on home ground : with the correspondence of Roderick Impey Murchison and the Rev. Dr. George Gordon of Birnie
Past climate variability throuth Europe and Africa
The care and conservation of palaeontological material
Origin and evolution of the Elephantidae
The scientific study of mummies
Extinction : evolution and the end of man
Otolith stratigraphy of Late Weichselian and Holocene sediments of Malangsdjupet, off northern Norway
Fossil elephantoids from the hominid-bearing Awash Group, Middle Awash Valley, Afar Depression, Ethiopia
The first Meeting of Finnish Palaeobotanists : state of the art in Finland, May 2-4, 1990 = Paleobotaniikan jatkokoulutuspäivät Joensuun yliopiston Mekrijärven tutkimusasemalla 2-4.5.1990
Life : an unauthorised biography : a natural history of the first four thousand million years of life on earth
Fossils : a photographic field guide
Principles of human evolution
Prehistoric atlas
Using modern and fossil pollen data for climate and human influence reconstructions in China
Resembling a paleontologist's sketchbook filled with labeled watercolor drawings and descriptive notes, Dinosaur Bones is an accurate reference to 40 dinosaurs, marine reptiles, flying reptiles and prehistoric mammals. / WorldCat.
History of the primates : an introduction to the study of fossil man
The history of life
An unusual newly discovered archosaur from the Upper Triassic of Virginia, U.S.A
Underworld : the mysterious origins of civilization
In the shocking sequel to runaway international bestseller"Syndrome E," ""Lucie Henebelle and Inspector Sharko reunite to investigate the brutal murder of Eva Louts, a promising graduate student who was killed while working at a primate research center outside Paris. But what first appears to be a vicious animal attack soon proves to be something more sinister. What was Eva secretly researching? Could she have been on the track of a crazed trio of scientists attempting to unleash a thirty-thousand-year-old virus into the world? With his unmatched ability to inject cutting-edge science into his novels, Thilliez draws on genetics, paleontology, and the dark side of human nature to create this smart, adrenaline-fueled thriller."Bred to Kill"moves from the rain-slicked streets of Paris to the heart of the Alps to the remoteAmazon jungle as Lucie and Sharko work to solve the murder before whoever killed Eva comes for them."
A history of life in 100 fossils
Life of the past : an introduction to paleontology
The Bering Land Bridge : Based on a symposium held at the VII International Association for Quaternary Research, Boulder, Colorado, August 30-September 5, 1965
Background to evolution in Africa : systematic investigation of the African later Tertiary and Quaternary : proceedings of the symposium held at Burg Wartenstein, Austria, 1965
Pleistocene birds of the Palearctic : a catalogue
The Carnivora of the Hagerman local fauna (late Pliocene) of southwestern Idaho
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : mammalia of the Santa Cruz beds : part 1, Edentata, 3. Gravigrada
The carcasses of the mammoth and rhinoceros found in the frozen ground of Siberia
Quantitative foraminiferal analysis and environmental interpretation of the pliocene and topmost miocene on the South Coast of Sicily
Environment and archeology : an introduction to Pleistocene geography
Introducing palaeontology : a guide to ancient life
Nature, origin and possible roles of lipid deposits in Maurolicus muelleri (Gmelin) and Benthosema glaciale (Reinhart) from Ullsfjorden, Northern Norway
Dinosaur bones : and what they tell us
Holocene history of alpine vegetation and forestline on Pyhäkero mountain, northern Finland
Concepts and methods of biostratigraphy
Prehistoric : [the definitive visual history of life on earth]
The elements of palaeontology
Tales told by fossils
Equids in the ancient world
Biostratigraphy : microfossils and geological time
Written in stone : the hidden secrets of fossils and the story of life on Earth
The ape in the tree : an intellectual and natural history of Proconsul
Paleobiology of the Williamsburg Formation (Black Mingo Group; Paleocene) of the South Carolina, U.S.A
Fossils in colour
Life on a young planet : the first three billion years of evolution on earth
The story of fossils : in search of vanished worlds
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 4, Palæontology : part 1, the marine cretaceous invertebrates
Upper Gambrian and lower Tremadoc olenid trilobites from the Digermul peninsula, Finnmark, northern Norway
Mammoths, sabertooths, and hominids : 65 million years of mammalian evolution in Europe
Fossils : what they tell us of plants and animals of the past : paleontology
Björn Kurtén, scientist and writer
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 6, Palæontology : part 2, Toxodonta of the Santa Cruz beds - part 3, Entelonychia of the Santa Cruz beds
The Kingfisher Atlas of the Ancient World
Lost creatures of the earth : mass extinction in the history of life
A census of the determinable genera of the stegocephalia
Neogene and quaternary mammals of the Palaearctic : papers in mammal palaeontology honoring Kazimierz Kowalski
The Permian of Mongolia : a report on the Permian fauna of the Jisu Honguer limestone of Mongolia and its relatations to the Permian of other parts of the world
Exploring earth and life through time
The evolution of western Eurasian neogene mammal faunas
Basic questions in paleontology : geologic time, organic evolution, and biological systematics
A late cretaceous dinosaurus & reptile assemblage from South Carolina, USA
Paleo e neoclimas da Amazônia sul-ocidental : conferência de campo, 15 a 21 de outubro = Southwestern Amazônia paleo- and neoclimates = Paleo y neo climas da Amazonia sudoccidental
The ground sloth Megalonyx (xenarthra, megalonychidae) from the Pleistocene (late Irvingtonian) Camelot local fauna, Dorchester County, South Carolina
The geology of Minnesota. 3 Part 2, Paleontology
Image analysis, sediments and paleoenvironments
Some mammalian remains from Shih-ehr-ma-ch'eng, Hui-hui-p'u area, Western Kansu
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 7, Palæontology : part 1, Litopterna of the Santa Cruz beds
The illustrated encyclopedia of fossils
Paleobiogeography : [using fossils to study global change, plate tectonics, and evolution]
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 6, Palæontology : part 1, Typotheria of the Santa Cruz beds
Acta palaeornithologica : 3. Symposium SAPE : 5. Internationale Senckenberg-Konferenz 22.-26 Juni 1992
Fossils :  a photographic field guide
Early ostracode evolution and palaeoenvironmental application in the ordovician of Baltoscandia
Studies on the marine Pleistocene
An introduction to palaeontology
The Juntura Basin : studies in earth history and paleoecology
The evolution and history of human populations in South Asia : inter-disciplinary studies in archaeology, biological anthropology, linguistics and genetics
In search of deep time : beyond the fossil record to a new history of life
An introduction to plant fossils
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 6, Palæontology : part 4, Astrapotheria of the Santa Cruz beds - part 5, primates of the Santa Cruz beds
A late Triassic footprint fauna from the Culpeper Basin, northern Virginia (U.S.A.)
Silurian dissepimentate cystiphyllid rugose corals from Baltoscandia
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : mammalia of the Santa Cruz beds : part 1, Edentata, 1. Dasypoda
Early Silurian chitinozoans of Estonia and North Latvia
Your inner fish : the amazing discovery of our 375-million-year-old ancestor
How to be a dinosaur hunter : your globe-trotting, time-travelling guide
Principles of paleontology
Beyond the site : regional studies in the Aegean area
Taphonomy : releasing the data locked in the fossil record
Remarkable creatures
Language in the upper Pleistocene
The mammalia of the Duchesne river Oligocene
On Methuselah's trail : living fossils and the great extinctions
Palaeontology : invertebrate
Non-erycine Booidea from the oligocene and miocene of Europe
Siwalik mammals in the American Museum of natural history
Research on early man in Burma
Evolutionary history of the primates
The Mammalian fauna of the White river Oligocene : Part IV. Artiodactyla
Revision of the Palearctic Hipparion
Understanding cultural transmission in anthropology : a critical synthesis
The old stone age
Dinosaur mountain : digging into the Jurassic Age
Pleistocene fauna and Holocene humans : a gazetteer of paleontological and early archaeological sites on Cyprus
Birds, in contrast to mammals, are thought to have fragile bones, which are difficult to identify when found, so have no useful archaeological record. This book is based on an accumulation of over 9,000 records of species identified from sites in the British Isles, which indicates that the contrary is true. The difficulties of identification are discussed, but 9,000 records is a substantial body of evidence, which is reviewed. The book summarizes the archaeological record of birds in the British Isles, and integrates this factual basis into an overview of the history of the bird fauna in these islands. It tells us much about what native birds we should have, which ones we have lost, and therefore which ones would be worth discussing for reintroduction. Recent discussions suppose that eagle owls are not native, but archaeological evidence suggests they were. White-tailed eagles were widespread up to Saxon times at least, and cranes (not the same as herons) were widespread through to mediaeval times. When did our most common bird arrive? Where from? Which species is it, anyway? And how does the balance of wild, introduced and domestic birds compare with the similar balance of mammals, or with the balance 7,000 years ago, before farming altered the landscape?
History of life
The mammalian fauna of the White River Oligocene : Part V. Perissodactyla
The adequacy of the fossil record
A new marsupial saber-tooth from the Pliocene of Argentina and its relationships to other South American predacious marsupials
Prehistoric past revealed : the four billion year history of life on earth
Genetics, paleontology, and macroevolution
Type specimens of fossils in the National Museum Prague. Vol. 1, Trilobita
The Pleistocene of Ceylon
On the trail of ancient man : a narrative of the field work of the Central Asiatic expeditions
The mammalian fauna of the White river Oligocene. Part I. Insectivora and Carnivora
The Mammalian fauna of the White river Oligocene : Part III. Lagomorpha
Tertiarty vertebrate faunas of the north Coalinga region of California : A contribution to the study of palaeontologic correlation in the Great Basin and Pacific Coast provinces
Dino gangs: Dr Philip J Curries's new science of dinosaurs
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : mammalia of the Santa Cruz beds : part 1, Edentata, 2. Glyptodontia and Gravigrada
The geology of Minnesota. 3 Part 1, Paleontology
The dinosaur hunters : the extraordinary story of the men and women who discovered prehistoric life
Prehistoric monsters!
The illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs : an original and compelling insigt into life in the dinosaur kingdom
The Mammalian fauna of the white river Oligocene. Part II. Rodentia
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 7, Palæontology : part 2, Aves of the Santa Cruz beds - part 3, nature and origin of the Santa Cruz fauna : part 2 by William J. Sinclair and Marcus S. Farr, part 3 by William B. Scott
The Oligocene rodents of North America
The Paleocene Pantodonta
Journal of the National Museum (Prague). Natural history series
Survivors : the animals and plants that time has left behind
Localities, distribution and stratigraphical context of the Late Devonian tetrapods of East Greenland
The early Tertiary rodents of the family Paramyidae
Additions to the Pleistocene mammal faunas of South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : part 2, Insectivora - part 3, Glires
Morphology and evolution of fossil plants
Exploring the borderlands : documents of the Committee on Common Problems of Genetics, Paleontology, and Systematics
Twilight of the mammoths : ice age extinctions and the rewilding of America
Evolution of the Plio-Pleistocene African Suidae
Genetics, paleontology and evolution
Extinction event
The great extinctions : what causes them and how they shape life
Late Permian terrestrial vertebrates, U.S.A. and U.S.S.R.
Jurassic poop! : What dinosaurs (and others) left behind
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 4, Palæontology : part 2, tertiary invertebrates
Phytolith systematics : emerging issues
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 4, Palæontology : part 3, marsupialia of the Santa Cruz beds
