http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8270 urban design
urban design city planning town planning urban planning
This book examines the phenomenon of urban fear – the increasing anxiety over crime and violence in Western cities despite their high safety – with a view to developing a comprehensive, critical, exploratory theory of fear, space, and urban planning that unravels the paradoxes of their mutual relations. By focusing especially on the southern European cities of Palermo and Lisbon, the book also aims to expand upon recent studies on urban geopolitics, enriching them from the perspective of ordinary, as opposed to global, cities. Readers will find enlightening analysis of the ways in which urban fear is (re)produced, including by misinformative discourses on security and fear and the political construction of otherness as a means of exclusion. The spatialization of fear, e.g., through fortification, privatization, and fragmentation, is explored, and the ways in which urban planning is informed by and has in turn been shaping urban fear are investigated. A concluding chapter considers divergent potential futures and makes a call for action. The book will appeal to all with an interest in whether, and to what extent, the production of ‘fearscapes’, the contemporary landscapes of fear, constitutes an emergent urban political economy.
Designing and experiencing adaptive lighting:case studies with adaptation, interaction and participation
Immigration – a chance to enhance urban planning?
Airports as cities- the concept of aerotropolis applied to Helsinki-Vantaa International Airport
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
Urban fiction : right after Boarder Cities by Bauhaus Kolleg IX
Planning sustainable cities : policy directions : global report on human settlements 2009
30-second New York : the 50 key visions, events and architects that shapes the city, each explained in half a minute
The urban spatial structure of new towns : a comparative analysis of Vällingby and Tapiola
Application of futures methods in urban planning processes in Dublin
Garden cities of to-morrow
With people in mind : design and management of everyday nature
Cities in comparison
Participatory Urban Planning : best practices (PUP) : land use workshop – ideas and policies seminar report : B-team Brownfield policy improvement task force / Özlem Özer-Kemppainen, Helka-Liisa Hentilä,  Leena Soudunsaari, Risto Suikkari
The urban general plan
Planning cities : selected writings on principles and practice
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
Governance and development corporations : the politics of urban regeneration in Britain and Finland
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
The city of man
Barcelona : a guide to its modern architecture 1860-2002
Integrating a smart city data warehouse efficiently with a cloud infrastructure
The impact of tradition on present day architecture : seminar on architecture and urban planning in Finland
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
Urban design : ornament and decoration
Urban and regional planning
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Homes, towns and traffic
Breathing cities : the architecture of movement
Local Decision Making III
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Pedestrian zones : car-free urban spaces
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Transnational development strategy for the post-socialist cities of Central Europe
Cities are good for you : the genius of the metropolis
Medieval town planning : a modern invention?
Espoo-Helsinki-Kauniainen-Sipoo-Vantaa : development strategy for municipalities' joint land use : basis for discussion
European cities and society : a study of the influence of political climate on town design
"This book explores the relationship between urban form and greenhouse gas emissions in China, providing new insights for policy, urban planning and management. Drawing on the results of a four-year multidisciplinary research project, the book examines how factors such as urban households' access to services and jobs, land use mixes and provision of public transport impact on greenhouse gas emissions. The authors analyse data from a wide range of sources including 4677 sample households from four major Chinese cities--Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan and Xi'an--with diverse locations, urban spatial structures and population sizes. The book explores residents' attitudes to reducing GHG emissions and advances knowledge relating to three environmental scales--cross-metropolitan, intra-city and neighbourhood level. It also contributes to debates on low carbon policy by revealing the relevance of urban planning parameters at both the macro and micro levels. The book will be of interest to scholars in the areas of urban planning, urban management, environmental sustainability and resource utilisation, as well as urban policy makers and planners who are working toward developing low carbon, sustainable cities of the future" -- Provided by publisher.
Carchitecture : when the car and the city collide
Urban reports : urban strategies and visions in mid-sized cities in a local and global context
Introducing urban design : interventions and responses
Helsinki - a compact green city
Distinct ambiguity : Graft
Towards low carbon cities in China : urban form and greenhouse gas emissions
Towards engaging multipurpose public displays : design space and case studies
Urban Design Management : UDM workshops
New American urbanism : re-forming the suburban metropolis
World city growth
"Demonstrates the benefits of interdisciplinary approaches to flood risk management"--
Towards an eco-city : calming the traffic
UDM : Urban Design Management : a guide to good practice
European urban and regional studies
Planning Jerusalem : the Old City and its environs
Selfmade city : Berlin ; Stadtgestaltung und Wohnprojekte in Eigeninitiative - Self-initiated urban living and architectural interventions
Patterns of quality : The distribution of urban services among the residents of the city of Villahermosa
Regeneration der Städte : [Regeneration] des villes[Regeneration] des villes =[Regeneration] of towns[Regeneration] of towns
The city, its growth, its decay, its future
Concerning town planning
The core of the city : a pilot study of changing land uses  in Central Business Districts
Lights over Kruunuvuorenranta : Helsinki international invitational competition : 14.12.2011-1.8.2012
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
The integration of digital technologies into urban life and environments has accelerated rapidly over the past few decades. It has been well established that this digital augmentation is changing the way we use and experience urban places; however, more studies, especially at the micro-level and from an architectural point of view, must be conducted in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon.In this thesis, I examine the experience and evaluation of digitally augmented public urban places through four case studies, analysing participants' experiences of adaptive lighting pilots and urban displays deployed in real world settings. Digital augmentations were found to be able to alter the genius loci significantly; furthermore, findings from these case studies demonstrate and explain how co-design, existing use patterns and user groups in urban places, climate and weather, and sense of place affect digital augmentations.The thesis makes a methodological contribution in the form of evaluation probes. This method was developed by modifying the cultural probes method for the purposes of evaluative research of design artefacts. The proposed method allows for the emic evaluation of design artefacts without direct researcher presence. In other case studies, I have used ethnographically inspired methods to gather research materials.In analysing research materials I make a theoretical contribution by introducing the concept of emplacement into architectural research. This concept highlights the importance of place in our experience as embodied individuals. Based on my empirical results, I argue for the design of meaningful emplaced experiences through digital augmentation. I also chart the design challenges that have emerged from my studies, utilising them to develop a holistic model that aims to describe experiences of digital augmentation in public urban places.Overall, the thesis proposes participatory design evaluation as a new approach in the field of architecture. It refers to the examination and utilisation of research participants' intersubjective accounts in the evaluation of design artefacts from an experiential point of view. I argue for the benefits of this approach for the further inclusion of research knowledge in design and planning processes.
"Have you ever wondered how the water in your faucet gets there? Where your garbage goes? What the pipes under city streets do? How bananas from Ecuador get to your local market? Why radiators in apartment buildings clang? Using New York City as its point of reference, The Works takes readers down manholes and behind the scenes to explain exactly how an urban infrastructure operates. Deftly weaving text and graphics, author Kate Ascher explores the systems that manage water, traffic, sewage and garbage, subways, electricity, mail, and much more. Full of fascinating facts and anecdotes, The Works gives readers a unique glimpse at what lies behind and beneath urban life in the twenty-first century."--Back cover.
An introduction to town and country planning
Continuity and change : Preservation in city planning
Victor Gruen : from urban shop to new city
Town and country planning
Naval engineers look on the FEC-concept and other VLFS-structures
Development plan 1970 : English summary
Fear, space and urban planning : a critical perspective from Southern Europe
The LEGO neighborhood book : build your own town!
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Implementing town planning : the role of town planning in the development process
Urban planning in China and Sweden in a comparative perspective
Planning, projects, practice : a human geography of the Stockholm local investment programme in Hammarby Sjöstad
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Vuosaari : Town by the sea
Urban design for an urban century : shaping more livable, equitable, and resilient cities
Hand-drying in America and other stories
Netzstadt : designing the urban
City, urban planning and education
Advances in urban ecology : integrating humans and ecological processes in urban ecosystems
Urban improvements : a strategy for urban works : [observations of Sir Patrick Geddes with reference to old Lahore]
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Cities and nature
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Dynamics of urban development : proceedings of an International Conference held on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Netherlands Economic Institute in Rotterdam, September 4, 1979
How to turn a place around : a handbook for creating successful public spaces
The well-tempered city : what modern science, ancient civilizations, and human nature teach us about the future of urban life
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Processing utopia : city scratching II
Modernism and rationalization
Cities, people, planet : urban development and climate change
The works : anatomy of a city
Reusing the industrial past by the Tammerkoski rapids : discussions on the value of industrial heritage
The new transit town : best practices in transit-oriented development
Chinese walled cities 221 BC - AD 1644
The origins of modern town planning
North-South interface : PolyMETREXplus RINA Athens, Thessaloniki, Sofia, Bucharest, Warsaw, Vilnius and Helsinki
Stages in the growth of a town : a study of the development of the urban and population structure of Helsinki = Die Stadien einer Stadt : eine Studie über die Entwicklung des Bebauungsmusters und der Bevölkerungsstruktur Helsinkis
Planning projects in transition ; interventions, regulations and investments
Town planning in practice : an introduction to the art of designing cities and suburbs
Town planning review
Tampere : development of housing areas
Trends in universal design : an anthology with global perspectives, theoretical aspects and real world examples
Im Blickpunkt: Niederlande : beispielhafte Ideen und Konzepte für Stadt und Landschaft = The Netherlands in Focus : exemplary ideas and concepts for town and landscape
A systems view of planning towards a theory of the urban and regional planning process
Transformation of colonial urban space in Sri Lanka : with special reference to The Port city of Galle
Riga 2020 : basic conception of town planning development in the period of time up to the year 2020.
Green thoughts, green futures : planning for energy efficient cities
The shape of the city : Toronto struggles with modern planning
History builds the town
Bridge to a better future: town planning in Helsinki, Tallinn and Dublin in the 1910s
City planning in Helsinki
Augmented virtuality:transforming real human activity into virtual environments
Urban ethic : design in the contemporary city
Slow burn city : London in the twenty-first century
Selected works of International Students' Exhibition of Shanghai Biennale 2008
A framework for evaluating and designing collaborative planning
How green is your city?
The new towns : the answer to megalopolis
The spatial growth of Tokyo
Handmade urbanism : from community initiatives to participatory models : Mumbai, Sao Paulo, Istanbul, Mexico City, Cape Town
The value of urban design : a research project comissioned by CABE and DETR to examine the value added by good urban design
Building towards a good life : three research projects and perspectives on metropolitan Helsinki's housing markets
Chinese city and regional planning systems
Urban process and power
Aerial photography in urban planning and research
Glatt! : from suburb to city?
New approaches in the urban humanities
Helsinki housing developments 2000, planning and building
Spacematrix : space, density and urban form
The language of cities
The geography of settlement
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Land use planning systems and practices Oulu - Skanderborg - Umeå : InnoUrba project
Water resources in the built environment : management issues and solutions
Town design
Contemporary perspectives on urbanization
Body, town planning, and participation : the roles of young people and sport
In recent years, cities and urban regions have been increasingly applying various forms of strategic planning and future-oriented approaches in order to respond to the challenges posed by contemporary change, competition between cities, a sustainability agenda, the transformation of urban governance and others. Exercises employing futures methods usually vary as they are set in specific contexts, are driven by different motivations and objectives and use diverse methodological approaches. Despite the differences, many of these projects are faced by similar problems arising from the innovativeness and fragility of the procedures used.This paper presents three exercises undertaken in Dublin, in which futures approaches were employed at the urban region, municipal authority and local community level. Through the demonstration and examination of these projects, the authors aim to contribute to the ongoing conversation about a more effective use of futures methods in urban planning processes. The exercises are discussed in regard to their origins, methodologies, participation, and outcomes and outputs. The authors attempt to critically review the exercises, and building upon the lessons learned, to draw together a range of practical recommendations for the application of futures methods in the urban planning process.
Urban structural dynamics in the city of Turku, Finland
The city : its growth, its decay, its future
Experience and conflict : the dialectics of the production of public urban space in the light of new event venues in Helsinki 1993-2003
Decision Theatre in decision making and urban planning : case: Decision Theatre for Niemi Campus
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
How to study public life
Space unjust : socio-spatial discrimination in urban public space : cases from Helsinki and Athens
New movement in cities
Tehokas kaupunki = The smooth-running town
Geographies of Kenyan working class conditions : development discourses studied in the light of authentic observations of self-employment with its consequences made by Kenyan working class individuals
Policy in urban planning : structure plans, programmes and local plans
Abstract: Fragmenting places of politics - uniforming urban policies : urban planning implementing policies in Berlin.
Geographies of Kenyan working class conditions : development discourses examined in the light of authentic observations of self-employment with its consequences made by Kenyan working class individuals
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
Designing the High Line : Gansevoort street to 30th street
Urban space and social welfare : Otto-Iivari Meurman as a planner of Finnish towns 1914-1937
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
On cities, planning & urban design : Finnish experience 1991-1995
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
This publication assesses the effectiveness of urban planning as a tool for dealing with the unprecedented challenges facing 21st-century cities and for enhancing sustainable urbanization.There is now a realization that, in many parts of the world, urban planning systems have changed very little and are often contributors to urban problems rather than functioning as tools for human and environmental improvement. Against this background, the global report's central argument is that, in most parts of the world, current approaches to planning must change and that a new role for urban planning in sustainable urban development has to be found.--Publisher's description.
The vision of the European city
The ecological city and urban planning
Institutional capacity-building, urban planning and urban regeneration projects
First 3 years : ECO2 - eco-efficient Tampere 2020
Towards an urban renaissance : final report of the urban task force
The urgent future : people, housing, city, region
The city : problems of planning : selected readings
Physiological and psychological effects of viewing urban forest landscapes assessed by multiple measurements
Social research techniques for planners
Where does the city without gates begin? Perhaps inside that fugitive anxiety, that shudder that seizes the minds of those who, just returning from a long vacation, contemplate the imminent encounter with mounds of unwanted mail or with a house that's been broken into and emptied of its contents. It begins with the urge to flee and escape for a second from an oppressive techlogical environment, to regain one's senses and one's sense of self. Originally written in French in 1983, Lost Dimension remains a cornerstone book in the work of Paul Virilio: the one most closely tied to his background as an urban planner and architect, and the one that most clearly anticipates the technologically wired urban space we live in today: a city of permanent transit and internalized borders, where time has overtaken space, and where telecommunications has replaced both our living and our working environments. We are living in the realm of the lost dimension, where the three-dimensional public square of our urban past has collapsed into the two-dimensional interface of the various screens that function as gateways to home, office, and public spaces, be they the flat-screen televisions on our walls, the computer screens on our desktops, or the smartphones in our pockets. In this multidisciplinary tapestry of contemporary physics, architecture, aesthetic theory, and sociology, Virilio describes the effects of today's hyperreality on our understanding of space. Having long since passed the opposition of city and country, and city and suburb, the speed-ridden city and space of today are an opposition between the madic and the sedentary: a web of interactive, informational networks that turn our world into a prison-house of illusory transcendence.
After the city
Suunnitelmien havainnollistamisen perusteista = On the principles of visualization of planning
Urban restructuring and equity
City
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
An introduction to town planning techniques
A systems view of planning : towards a theory of the urban and regional planning process
Fears and hopes for European urbanization : ten prospective papers and three evaluations
Leon Krier : architecture and urban design 1967-1992
Urban design : street and square
Comparison of the land use planning processes and methods Oulu - Skanderborg - Umeå : InnoUrba project
New towns for the 21st century : the planned versus the unplanned city
Tilapäiset käytöt : kaupunkisuunnittelun unohdettu voimavara = Temporary uses : the forgotten resource of urban planning
Urban design as public policy : practical methods for improving cities
How to read towns & cities : a crash course in urban architecture
Go with the flow : architecture, infrastructure and the everyday experience of mobility
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Urban ecology
