http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8279 cultural evolution
cultural evolution
Profiles in cultural evolution : papers from a conference in honor of Elman R. Service
Darwinizing culture : the status of memetics as a science
From literature to biterature : Lem, Turing, Darwin, and explorations in computer literature, philosophy of mind, and cultural evolution
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
The ecological transition : cultural anthropology and human adaptation
Space, time and man : a prehistorian's view
Primate behaviour : information, social knowledge, and the evolution of culture
The evolution of culture in animals
Pattern and process in cultural evolution
A Darwinian worldview : sociobiology, environmental ethics and the work of Edward O. Wilson
Cultural evolution : how Darwinian theory can explain human culture and synthesize the social sciences
In Mendel's mirror : philosophical reflections on biology
Human nature and the evolution of society
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
Cultural evolution : conceptual challenges
History, evolution, and the concept of culture : selected papers
Economics, culture and social theory
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Culture, thought, and development
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Rethinking Social Evolution : The Perspective from Middle-Range Societies
Evolutionary psychology
Deep history : the architecture of past and present
The more beautiful world our hearts know is possible
Ontopsychology and memetics
The unpredictable workings of culture
Early human kinship : from sex to social reproduction
Human evolutionary psychology
Equal freedom and utility : Herbert Spencer's liberal utilitarianism
Nonzero : the logic of human destiny
The descent of mind : psychological perspectives on hominid evolution
The handbook of evolutionary psychology
The unpredictable species : what makes humans unique
The nick of time : politics, evolution, and the untimely / Elizabeth Grosz
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Piaget, evolution, and development
Homo symbolicus : the dawn of language, imagination and spirituality
Survival : the survival of the human race
Addendum to The anthropic grounds of culture (Milano 2001)
Social information transmission and human biology ; d edited by Jonatha C. K. Wells, Simon Strickland and Kevin Laland
The rise and fall of the third chimpanzee : how our animal heritage affects the way we live
The humans who went extinct : why Neanderthals died out and we survived
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
Evolutionary biology and human social behavior : an anthropological perspective
Evolution for everyone : how Darwin's theory can change the way we think about our lives
The selfish meme : a critical reassessment
Human societies are characterized by complex and varied social systems that change through time due to communication and negotiation. Jerome Rousseau makes cognitive complexity his starting point in an innovative study of how and why human societies evolve. The focus of Rousseau's enquiry is "middle-range" societies - a vast category between hunter-gatherers and states. Breaking away from traditional analyses of social evolution as a response to ecological constraints, he shows that social systems are maintained and transformed through self-interest and suggests that conflicts about sharing generate social transformations that result in inequality and increasingly encompassing socio-political structures. "Rethinking Social Evolution" is a wide-ranging exploration of how language and increased cognitive abilities constitute the motor of social evolution. Drawing on a wide range of ethnographic case studies, Rousseau offers a better understanding of how modern societies are the result of choices by people who both collaborate and compete.
Genes, memes, and human history : Darwinian archaeology and cultural evolution
Socioecological transitions and global change : trajectories of social metabolism and land use
The evolution of culture : an interdisciplinary view
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The theory of cultural and social selection
Valences of the dialectic
Contagious ideas : on evolution, culture, archaeology, and Cultural Virus Theory
The sources of social power. Vol. 1, A history of power from the beginning to AD 1760
The New evolutionary paradigm : keynote volyme
The red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature
Human evolution and the origins of hierarchies : the state of nature
Sentimental rules : on the natural foundations of moral judgment
Social statics : the conditions essential to human happiness specified, and the first of them developed
The watchman's rattle : thinking our way out of extinction
The techno-human condition
Why is the brain divided? The difference between right and left hemispheres has been puzzled over for centuries. In a book of unprecedented scope, Iain McGilchrist draws on a vast body of recent brain research, illustrated with case histories, to reveal that the difference is profound - not just this or that function, but two whole, coherent, but incompatible ways of experiencing the world. The left hemisphere is detail-oriented, prefers mechanisms to living things, and is inclined to self-interest, where the right hemisphere has greater breadth, flexibility and generosity. This division helps explain the origins of music and language, and casts new light on the history of philosophy, as well as on some mental illnesses. In the second part of the book, he takes the reader on a journey through the history of Western culture, illustrating the tension between these two worlds as revealed in the thought and belief of thinkers and artists, from Aeschylus to Magritte. He argues that, despite its inferior grasp of reality, the left hemisphere is increasingly taking precedence in the modern world, with potentially disastrous consequences. This is truly a tour de force that should excite interest in a wide readership.
Evolutionism in cultural anthropology : a critical history
The anthropic grounds of culture : biotypical marks that foreshadow culture in the Homininae evolving Homo
The whole creature : complexity, biosemiotics and the evolution of culture
Social theory in archaeology and ancient history : the present and future of counternarratives
Genes, culture, and human evolution : a synthesis
The memetics of music : a neo-Darwinian view of musical structure and culture
The electric meme : a new theory of how we think
Does altruism exist? : culture, genes, and the welfare of others
" If evolution has changed humans physically, has it also affected human behavior? Drawing on evolutionary psychology, sociobiology, and human behavioral ecology, Human Nature and the Evolution of Society explores the evolutionary dynamics underlying social life. In this introduction to human behavior and the organization of social life, Stephen K. Sanderson discusses traditional subjects like mating behavior, kinship, parenthood, status-seeking, and violence, as well as important topics seldom included in books of this type, especially gender, economies, politics, foodways, race and ethnicity, and the arts. Examples and research on a wide range of human societies, both industrial and nonindustrial, are integrated throughout. With chapter summaries of key points, thoughtful discussion questions, and important terms defined within the text, the result is a broad-ranging and comprehensive consideration of human society, thoroughly grounded in an evolutionary perspective"--
Social psychology of culture
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
Fathoming the cosmos and ordering the world : the Yijing (I ching, or classic of changes) and its evolution in China
The domestication of language : cultural evolution and the uniqueness of the human animal
Wired for culture : origins of the human social mind
Leaps and bounds : towards an integrative theory of cultural evolution
On deep history and the brain
This text offers a systematic, rigorous and unified presentation of evolutionary game theory, covering the core developments of the theory from its inception in biology in the 1970s through recent advances. Evolutionary game theory, which studies the behavior of large populations of strategically interacting agents, is used by economists to make predictions in settings where traditional assumptions about agents' rationality and knowledge may not be justified. Recently, computer scientists, transportation scientists, engineers, and control theorists have also turned to evolutionary game theory, seeking tools for modeling dynamics in multiagent systems. Population Games and Evolutionary Dynamics provides a point of entry into the field for researchers and students in all of these disciplines. The text first considers population games, which provide a simple, powerful model for studying strategic interactions among large numbers of anonymous agents. It then studies the dynamics of behavior in these games. By introducing a general model of myopic strategy revision by individual agents, the text provides foundations for two distinct approaches to aggregate behavior dynamics: the deterministic approach, based on differential equations. and the stochastic approach, based on Markov processes. Key results on local stability, global convergence, stochastic stability and nonconvergence are developed in detail. Ten substantial appendixes present the mathematical tools needed to work in evolutionary game theory, offering a practical introduction to the methods of dynamic modeling. Accompanying the text are nearly 200 color illustrations of the mathematics and theoretical results; many were created using the Dynamo software suite, which is freely available on the author's Web site. Readers are encouraged to use Dynamo to run quick numerical experiments and to create publishable figures for their own research.
Before the dawn : recovering the lost history of our ancestors
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
On social evolution : selected writings
Ecological-evolutionary theory : principles and applications
The watchman's rattle : a radical new theory of collapse
From Literature to Biterature is based on the premise that in the foreseeable future computers will become capable of creating works of literature. Among hundreds of other questions, it considers: Under which conditions would machines become capable of creative writing? Given that computer evolution will exceed the pace of natural evolution a million-fold, what will such a state of affairs entail in terms of art, culture, social life, and even nonhuman rights? Drawing a map of impending literary, cultural, social, and technological revolutions, Peter Swirski boldly assumes that computers will leap from mere syntax-driven processing to semantically rich understanding. He argues that acknowledging biterature as a species of literature will involve adopting the same range of attitudes to computer authors (computhors) as to human ones and that it will be necessary to approach them as agents with internal states and creative intentions. Ranging from the metafiction of Stanislaw Lem to the "Turing test" (familiar to scientists working in Artificial Intelligence and the philosophers of mind) to the evolutionary trends of culture and machines, Swirski's scenarios lay the groundwork for a new area of study on the cusp of literary futurology, evolutionary cognition, and philosophy of the future. Review: "Swirski's work is an accessible introduction to the domain Artificial Intelligence and its impact on the presumed emergence of computer-generated literature - a thought provoking concept." Tomasz Lem, author of Adventures in the Field of Universal Gravitation
The end of tradition?
The master and his emissary : the divided brain and the making of the Western world
The evolution of cultural entities
Evolution and conversion : dialogues on the origins of culture
The meaning of human existence
Understanding cultural transmission in anthropology : a critical synthesis
The collected works of Ken Wilber. Vol. 4, Integral psychology ; Transformations of consciousness ; Selected essays
Moral minds : how nature designed our universal sense of right and wrong
In gods we trust : the evolutionary landscape of religion
Both a theoretical and a practical work, The Ecological Transition emphasizes the relationships between human culture, the physical environment, technology, and social policy. The Ecological Transition is a challenging volume that makes us face the consequences of human behavior in the modern world: its effect on pollution, natural resources, agriculture, the economy, and population, to name just a few areas. The book remains a significant contribution to the discourse on social, economic, and environmental problems. While the book was first published in 1976, it still reads as a contemporary tract.
Cultural psychology
The human legacy
"In The Theory of Cultural and Social Selection, W. G. Runciman presents an original and wide-ranging account of the fundamental process by which human cultures and societies come to be of the different kinds that they are. Drawing on and extending recent advances in neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory, Runciman argues that collective human behaviour should be analyzed as the acting-out of information transmitted at the three separate but interacting levels of heritable variation and competitive selection - the biological, the cultural, and the social. The implications which this carries for a reformulation of the traditional agenda of comparative and historical sociology are explored with the help of selected examples, and located within the context of current debates about sociological theory and practice. The Theory of Cultural and Social Selection is a succinct and highly imaginative contribution to one of the great intellectual debates of our times, from one of the world's leading social theorists"--Provided by publisher.
The debated mind : evolutionary psychology versus ethnography
Out of Eden : the peopling of the world
Cultural transmission and material culture : breaking down boundaries
Critical transitions in nature and society
Evolutionary systems and society : a general theory of life, mind, and culture : a publication of the General Evolution Research Group
Population games and evolutionary dynamics
Origins of the modern mind : three stages in the evolution of culture and cognition
Explains why the human brain has such difficulty dealing with complex global problems and provides a method for surmounting these limitations in order to end the blights of worldwide recession, global warming, fast-spreading viruses, famine, and poverty.
Human evolution : a philosophical anthropology
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Food of the gods : the search for the original tree of knowledge : a radical history of plants, drugs and human evolution
The evolution of cultural diversity : a phylogenetic approach
The artful species : aesthetics, art, and evolution
Antiquity and modernity
Beyond the Tigris and Euphrates : Bronze Age civilizations
Animals in person : cultural perspectives on human-animal intimacy
The whisperings within : David Barash
The word in six songs : how the musical brain created human nature
How we became human : mimetic theory and the science of evolutionary origins
Grounding social sciences in cognitive sciences
The new evolutionary social science : human nature, social behavior, and social change
Virus of the mind : the new science of the meme
Stone tools and fossil bones : debates in the archaeology of human origins
Origins of religion, cognition and culture
The handbook of evolutionary psychology. Volume 2, Integrations
The human direction : an evolutionary approach to social and cultural anthropology
