http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8283 heat loss
heat loss
The significance of thermal bridges for heat loss from buildings
Building Services Engineering
Building services engineering
Testing of energy calculation program for energy renovations in modular buildings
Determination of heating energy saving potential in residential sector in Russia, while emplementing Finnish technological solutions
Heat dissipation from electrical equipment and cabling
Heat losses from metallurgical ladle systems : a literature review
Review of Linear Thermal Bridges in High-Rise Building
The old energy requirements of Scandinavian have come to a transition period. They are little by little being updated to stricter regulations. One reason is the increased  amount of emissions causing global warming. Cramo has taken the challenge of energy efficiency seriously and is ready to make changes to one of their product lines which is modular buildings. Cramo's main  market area is Scandinavia and due to its northern location the energy consumptions  of the buildings are also the biggest. This thesis gathers basic information on Scandinavian energy regulations and with the help of the computer program VIP+ it provides calculation results concerning the energy consumption of modular buildings in Sweden and Norway. It also introduces a few improvement ideas to the existing fleet. The heat losses of two types of modular buildings, used in Finland have also been  calculated with Excel -based control calculation.
Optimization of recovery boiler plant air systems by new design method and process integration
REVIEW OF LINEAR THERMAL BRIDGES IN HIGH-RISE BUILDING
Due to the lack of energy resources, European governments have started to establish new legislation a few years ago. In its turn, Ministry of Environment of Finland published a new guide for the calculation of linear thermal transmittance in April 2012, which is the main feature of thermal bridges in buildings that lead to significant heat losses. The aim of this thesis work is to make an analysis of thermal bridging in a high-rise building, determine the importance of linear thermal bridges on the total heat loss of the building and compare particular values of linear thermal transmittances with tabulated values given in National Building Code D5, in order to answer the question of their reliability and quality of design of joints. As well, the current work should help students and engineers, who do not speak Finnish, to use the guide mentioned above. Determination of linear thermal transmittance is possible by applying different methods described in ISO 14683. Nevertheless, in the current work the results were achieved by numerical calculation, which typically gives an accuracy from 0 to 5 % instead of the accuracy of reference tables from 0 to 50%. The survey was carried out in accordance with the international and Finnish standards. For computer simulation, COMSOL Multiphysics software was chosen. Finally, the evaluated linear thermal transmittance had an absolute difference from 17 up to 200% with the tabulated values. The heat losses due to linear thermal bridges took 13% of the value of total heat losses of the building. These results show the importance of the current study and obligation of obtaining of linear thermal transmittances and heat losses of thermal bridges, as their sizes are comparable with heat losses of doors and even bigger than heat losses of basements and upper floors, which generally have the highest risk.
Searching for frontiers in contemporary eddy current model based hysteresis loss modelling of superconductors
