http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8287 mechanisms
mechanisms
Evolution of conspicuous warning signals
Insect infection and immunity : evolution, ecology, and mechanisms
Functional-structural plant modelling in crop production
World cancer report
Anatomy of a trend
Maintenance of variation in warning signals under opposing selection pressures
Synthesis and characterization of sol-gel derived metal oxides with a special focus on controlled release applications
Handbook of pesticide toxicology. Vol. 1, General principles
Inflation and exchange rate regimes in transition economies : currency board arrangement as a special case
Symbiogenesis : a new principle of evolution
Bisphosphonate-induced IPP/ApppI accumulation in cells
Abstract.
Stress responses in plants : adaptation and acclimation mechanisms
Mechanisms of thermomechanical pulp refining
Coke properties in simulated blast furnace conditions:investigation on hot strength, chemical reactivity and reaction mechanism
Molecular mechanisms and interactions in regulation of photosynthetic reactions
Deformation mechanisms, rheology and tectonics : from minerals to the lithosphere
Inflaatio - vapaan markkinatalouden aikapommi : miksi? : tapaustutkimus inflaation toteutumisesta markkinataloudessa = Inflation - a time-bomb threatening the free market economy : why? : a case study of the role of inflation in the free market economy
Herbivores: between plants and predators : the 38th symposium of the British Ecological Society in cooperation with the Netherlands Ecological Society held at the Wageningen Agricultural University, the Netherlands, 1997
The golden age of toys
Design and analysis of mechanisms : a planar approach
EPR, ENDOR, TRIPLE resonance and molecular orbital studies on a substitution reaction of anthracene induced by thallium(III) in two fluorinated carboxylic acids
Systems and mechanistic understanding of genetic predisposition to prostate cancer
Back to Darwin : a richer account of evolution
Humanism, machinery, and Renaissance literature
Lectures in theoretical biology
Organizational behavior : essentials for improving performance and commitment
Drug bioavailability : estimation of solubility, permeability, absorption and bioavailability
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and cell death mechanisms in the cell model of Huntington's disease
Oxidative reactions of cellulose under alkaline conditions
Plant disease : an advanced treatise. Vol. 5, How plants defend themselves
Dps-like peroxide resistance protein : structural and functional studies on a versatile nanocontainer
Chiral metallocene ligands for transition metal-catalysed reactions
Mechanisms of forest response to acidic deposition
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Towards integrated fire management : outcomes of the European project Fire Paradox
Late modernity : trajectories towards morphogenic society
Protecting the self : defense mechanisms in action
Plant responses to herbivory : the role of plant structure and environmental factors
Structure and function of the myelin enzyme 2′,3′-cyclic nucleotide 3′-phosphodiesterase
Silicon-containing species in used lube oil re-refining
Automata & mechanical toys : an illustrated history
Functional role of the Mso1p-Sec1p complex in membrane fusion regulation
The statistical mechanics of financial markets
Quantification of human defence mechanisms
Tractor - implement systems
Plant-pathogen interactions
State regulation in children with ADHD : heart rate measures' relation to performance, motivational factors and brain activity
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 4
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 1
Emissions trading : a way of achieving the climate goal : summary of the final proposal found in SOU 2000:45
Will and mechanisms
March's advanced organic chemistry : reactions, mechanisms, and structure
DPS-like peroxide resistance protein : structural and functional studies on a versatile nanocontainer
Aggression, anxiety and defence : Essays on the experimental testing of psychoanalytic propositions by the percept-genetic (DMT) technique
The three-component aza-Baylis-Hillman reaction : development and applications
A young woman from Nigeria leaves behind her home and her first love to start a new life in America, only to find her dreams are not all she expected
In search of mechanisms : discoveries across the life sciences
From molecules to networks : an introduction to cellular and molecular neuroscience
Difference and disavowal : the trauma of Eros
Mechanisms affecting the structure and properties of heat-treated and high-temperature dried Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Americanah
Decision-making in the front-end of innovations in an industrial enterprise
Mechanical toys
Mukaiyama-Michael reactions with α-substituted acroleins - a useful tool for the synthesis of the pectenotoxins and other natural product targets
Plant defenses : the roles of intraplant regulation and resource availability
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 2
Americanah : a novel
Oral immune defense against chronic hyperplastic candidosis
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 2, Vision II
Crop responses and adaptations to temperature stress
Trauma and the soul : a psycho-spiritual approach to human development and its interruption
Miracles happen : the transformational healing power of past-life memories
Biology of plant-microbe interactions. Volume 2 : proceedings of the 9th International Congress on Molecular Plant-Microbe Interactions, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, July 25-30, 1999
Palladium(II)-catalyzed reactions of allenes with lithium bromide and cyclization of α-amino allenes to pyrrolines
Summary (s. 7-12).
Can warning signals be honest? : wing colouration and the strength of chemical defence in the female wood tiger moth (Parasemia plataginis)
Mechanisms & mechanical devices sourcebook
Immunomodulation of allergic immune response during specific immunotherapy
Mechanisms in organic reactions
Tutorials in molecular reaction dynamics
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to identify possibilities for Case Company which helps to manage sales price changes more efficiently and which would be following the raw material price changes. The need for the development was raised from the challenges in current quarterly set sales price which problems writer has faced in his every day work as a Sales Manager for Case Company. Objective of this thesis was to eventually create a proposal for the price mechanism, with a “bank” –feature and by using this mechanism the problems deriving for the quarterly set price would be avoided.  The thesis work focused on studying if Case Company industry specific raw material indexes were possible to use as a part of the problem solution in a way towards the objective. For that purpose four relevant raw material indexes were presented and those were also analyzed against two Case Company's cost bases. The possibility to use these indexes in mechanism comes through the correlation between a particular raw material index and Case Company raw material cost base.  Due to the fact that public raw material indexes are not area specific but more or less releasing generic information this thesis work also looked into some influencing fac-tors that has an impact to Case Company raw material cost and through that had a possible impact to correlation. To deepen the knowledge of the presented influencers also an interview was conducted within the Case Company professionals and the an-swers of the interview were used to identify the most reliable indexes and the impact of the various influencers.  This thesis work found the correlation to exist between the indexes and Case Company cost bases. The accuracy of correlation is dependable on influencers, some more than others, and therefore it was suggested that those influencers needed the focus and was suggested to be studied further. This work was also able to create a price mechanism with a bank feature based on the thesis work findings.
Development of index based pricing mechanism for case company
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
Host range of lichenivorous moths with special reference to nutritional quality and chemical defence in lichens
Inorganic reaction mechanisms
Ingenious mechanisms for designers and inventors. Vol. 3
Zinc, cadmium and lead resistance mechanisms in bacteria and their contribution to biosensing
Priming capacities of endophytic Methylobacterium sp. on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Analysis of evolutionary processes : the adaptive dynamics approach and its applications
Insect flight
ERM - from Risk Management to Leading the Opportunities
The automotive chassis . Vol. 1, Components design
Explaining by mechanisms : a study of organizational decline and turnaround processes
Lectures in theoretical biology : the second stage
Mechanisms of thermo-mechanical pulp refining
The ego and its defenses
Mechanisms of speech recognition
Functional genomic analysis of the Drosophila immune response : identification of genes essential for phagocytosis, viral defense and NF-κB signaling
The activation of aggresomal pathway in Coxsackievirus B3 infection
Current ornithology. Vol. 13
The mechanics of furniture : proceedings seventh International Symposium on wood and furniture conservation, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 26-27 November 2004
Institutions, technology and markets in industry evolution : causal and evolutionary mechanisms in a regulated industry
Excuses : masquerades in search of grace
