http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8286 grief work
grief work
Dancing on the Moon
Brief interventions with bereaved children
Missing mummy
Support for a family in grief
Widow’s guide to healing : gentle support and advice for the first 5 Years
Next to love : a novel
Coping with your partner's death : your bereavement guide
The high mountains of Portugal : a novel
Lost for words : loss and bereavement awareness training
When parents die : learning to live with the loss of a parent
Did you ever have a family
Grief, mourning and death ritual
You can heal your heart : finding peace after a breakup, divorce or death
Look at me
Summary in Finnish.
Sibling bereavement : helping children cope with loss
The book of illusions : a novel
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
The year of the rat
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
The woman on the bus
Making sense of death, dying and bereavement : an anthology
Working with the dying and bereaved : systemic approaches to therapeutic work
A bereaved father
The journey from abandonment to healing
Cleo : how a small black cat helped heal a family
Helping children cope with separation and loss
After the suicide : helping the bereaved to find a path from grief to recovery
Solomon's oak
Through the veil
SIDS & Infant Death Survival Guide : Information & Comfort for Griefing Family & Friends & Professionals who seek to help them
Abstract (s. 4) .
P.S. I Love You
The light of evening
In the idyllic ski resort of Breckenridge, there's trouble in paradise for Sarah St John. Her twenty-two year old son, Cully, has been killed in an avalanche, and she is trying to pick up the pieces of her life. Sarah is single, but, much as she'd like to be, not being left alone in her grief. Her father, a retiree who has become addicted to QVC, is ever-present, having moved into her basement. Her best friend, a divorcee who always manages to say the wrong thing, has become something of a macabre life-coach. And then there's Cully's father, whose sudden reemergence in Sarah's life stirs a cauldron of emotions. Just as Sarah is ready to face the world, a girl called Kit appears on her doorstep. And she's got a secret that will change all their lives forever.
"A new, compassionate way to understand grief as an individual and ongoing journey"--
An island of our own
Grief in children : a handbook for adults
Helping the bereaved : therapeutic interventions for children, adolescents, and adults
Levels of Life
No time for goodbyes : coping with sorrow, anger, and injustice after a tragic death
H is for hawk
The boy in the black suit
The silver dark sea
Helping grieving people : when tears are not enough : a handbook for care providers
Bear Witness
This is where I leave you
The high mountains of Portugal
On death and dying : what the dying have to teach doctors, nurses, clergy and their own families
Stress response syndromes
The memory thief
Cover of snow : a novel
Levels of life
Blue nights
The final farewell : preparing for and mourning the loss of your pet
Living beyond loss : death in the family
60 postcards : some people scatter ashes. She scattered words
When your dog dies : final arrangements, releasing grief, healing
Never too young to know : death in children ́s lives
The lonely polygamist : a novel
Beyond the innocence of childhood. Vol. 3, Helping children and adolescents cope with death and bereavement
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
The beginner's goodbye
Grief in young children : a handbook for adults
Helping children grieve : when someone they love dies
Coping with bereavement
Badger's parting gifts
Travels in the scriptorium
Grief is a journey : finding your path through loss
"In this groundbreaking book, Dr. Kenneth Doka explores a new, compassionate way to grieve, explaining that grief is not an illness to get over but an individual and ongoing journey. There is no "one-size-fits-all" way to cope with loss. The vital bonds that we form with those we love in life continue long after death--in very different ways. Grief Is a Journey is the first book to overturn the prevailing, often judgmental, ideas about grief, and replace them with a hopeful, inclusive, personalized, and research-backed approach. New science and studies behind Dr. Doka's teaching upend the dominant but incorrect view that grief proceeds by stages. Throughout Grief Is a Journey, Dr. Doka tells encouraging stories of his clients and other individuals, all working through unique losses. In doing so, he helps us realize that our experiences following a death are far more individual and much less predictable than the conventional "five stages" model would have us believe. Common patterns of experiencing and expressing grief still prevail, yet many other life changes accompany a primary loss. For example, the deaths of parents, even for adults, modify family patterns, change relationships, and alter old family rituals. Unique to this book, Dr. Doka also explains how to cope with disenfranchised grief--the types of loss that are not so readily recognized or supported by society. These include the death of ex-spouses, as well as non-fatal losses such as divorce, the end of a friendship, job loss, or infertility. In addition, Dr. Doka considers losses that might be stigmatized, including death by suicide or from disease or self-destructive behaviors such as smoking or alcoholism. Since no two people experience grief in the exact same way, Grief Is a Journey offers a variety of self-help strategies for coping with grief. It delineates the many ways we can create personal and private therapeutic rituals throughout our grief journey. This book also offers counsel on when--and where--to seek professional assistance. And finally, Dr. Doka reminds us that, however painful, grief provides opportunities for growth"--
Moonlight mile - surun tie
Crisis intervention strategies
Dying, assisted death and mourning
Cultural studies on death and dying in Scandinavia
Kiss of death
Memoria Virtualis : death and mourning rituals in online environments
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
A greyhound of a girl
Parental loss of a child
Death and the family : the importance of mourning
Sudden Death : a research base for practice
Love letters to the dead!
A greyhound of a girl / Roddy Doyle ; paper cut illustrations: Julene Harrison
Sad isn't bad : a good-grief guidebook for kids dealing with loss
Caring for dying children and their families
Sworn secret : a novel
The colors of grief : understanding a child's journey through loss from birth to adulthood
The revival of death
Our babies have died : stories of miscarriage, stillbirth and neonatal death
"Good grief" : adapting to bereavement
On bereavement : the culture of grief
The possibilities
Lizzy lives with her father, Julian, and her brother, Ig, in North London. Two years ago her mother died, leaving in her trail a family bereft by her absence and a house still filled with her things: for Margaret was lively, beautiful, fun, loving; she kept the family together. So Lizzy thinks. Then, one day, Lizzy finds a letter from a stranger to her father, and discovers he has another child. Lizzy invites her into their world in an act of outraged defiance. Almost immediately, she realises her mistake. LOOK AT ME is a deft exploration of family, grief, and the delicate balance between moving forward and not quite being able to leave someone behind. It is an acute portrayal of how familial upheaval can cause misunderstanding and madness, damaging those you love most.
One moment, one morning
Loss and bereavement : managing change
Pet loss and human emotion : a guide to recovery
Aging and loss : mourning and maturity in contemporary Japan
The year of magical thinking : the play
Divorce and spiritual growth : a guide to understanding and living beyond marriage breakdown
The new black : mourning, melancholia and depression
The lovely bones : a novel
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
Dear Charlie : letters to a lost daughter
Grief counseling and grief therapy : a handbook for the mental health practitioner
When a community weeps : case studies in group survivorship
The construction of the Abanyole perceptions on death through oral funeral poetry
Talking with children and young people about death and dying
Toddler care book : a complete guide from 1 to 5 years old
The five ways we grieve : finding your personal path to healing after the death of a loved one
On mourning : theories of loss in modern literature
Suicide survivor's handbook : a guide to the bereaved and those who wish to help them
Death's door : modern dying and the ways we grieve
Death, bereavement, and mourning
The lake shore limited
Men coping with grief
Positive approaches to palliative care : a workbook to support the palliative care optional units of the certificates in working with people who have learning disabilities
Someone very important has just died : immediate help for people caring for children of all ages at the time of a close bereavement
Understanding children's experiences of parental bereavement
Meadowland
Memory, mourning, landscape
Safe harbour
A soap opera from Hell : essays on the facts of life and the facts of death
H Is for hawk
February
Counseling children and adolescents through grief and loss
Other lives but mine
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
