http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8298 rest
rest
Progressive relaxation : a physiological and clinical investigation of muscular states and their significance in psychology and medical practice
The effect of temperature and other factors on roosting times of Szechenyi Monal Partridges Tetraophasis szechenyii during the breeding season
Seasonal variation in the life histories of a viviparous ectoparasite, the deer ked
The germination of seeds
Investigations on the annual cycle of development of forest trees 2 : autumn dormancy and winter dormancy
Resting-state functional MRI in behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Control of winter dormancy and budburst in Betula pendula and B. pubescens ecotypes = Regulering av vinterhvile og løvsprett i Betula pendula og B. pubescens økotyper
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease leading to early-onset dementia with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 10 to 30 cases per 100000 individuals in the age group of 46 to 65 years. Behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) is the most common FTLD subtype. It is characterized by a progressive deterioration of behavior and personality as well as executive dysfunction. In Finland, almost 50 % of familial FTLD cases are attributable to the C9ORF72 mutation.bvFTD is associated with a characteristic pattern of brain atrophy detectable in structural MRI. However, these changes are typically not visible in the early stages of the disease. Resting-state functional MRI (RS-fMRI) is being increasingly used to evaluate changes in functional connectivity within neuronal networks in the brain but only a few RS-fMRI investigations of bvFTD patients have been published with inconsistent results.The object of this thesis was to investigate functional connectivity changes detected in the salience (SLN) and default mode networks (DMN) in bvFTD. Another aim was to clarify the role of other cognitive resting-state networks in this disease.A cohort of 26 bvFTD patients was studied, with 8 of these patients carrying the C9ORF72 expansion. Connectivity changes were detected in multiple clinically relevant cognitive networks. Decreased functional connectivity was observed in the SLN, which is associated with guiding of behavior. Increased activity was present in the DMN and the dorsal attention network (DAN). In C9ORF72 associated bvFTD, there was an abnormal linkage detected between the DMN and the thalamus.Currently, fMRI is generally used as a research tool and in a group setting. Different study methods have been used in the literature and also in the studies of this thesis, the analysis procedures differed to some extent. The variety of analysis methods may explain the heterogeneity in fMRI findings in bvFTD patients. There is a need for standardization of the fMRI methodology, larger study groups and also in the future the methodology should be improved so that single patient analysis would provide results to allow a confident diagnosis of this disease.
Product development in Finnish furniture industry : analyzing the problem field and a case study Lepo Product Oy
When The Guns Fall Silent
Effect of weight reduction on substrate utilization at rest and during exercise
Seed dormancy and germination
Germination characteristics of autumn collected Pinus sylvestris seeds
The effect of flooring type and social grouping on the rest and growth of dairy calves
Environmental stress and horticulture crops : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Neuropsychological performance and functional MRI findings in children with non-lesional temporal lobe epilepsy
Seeds : biology, development and ecology
Chill
Classic rock drummers
Motor activity measured by actometry in neuropsychiatric disorders
Dimensionality, noise separation and full frequency band perspectives of ICA in resting state fMRI:investigations into ICA in resting state fMRI
Dormancy development in trees
Young Masters of Estonian Art
The peculiar life of Sundays
Benthic resting eggs in the life cycles of calanoid copepods in the northern Baltic Sea
Indirect calorimetry testing : comparison of standard and shorter measurement time periods in estimating resting energy expenditure
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Bologna, Italy, September 20 - 23, 2009
Across the great divide : the Band and America
Food consumption and roosting behaviour of great grey shrikes Lanius excubitor wintering in south-western Finland
Genetic and environmental effects on resting electrocardiography and the association between electrocardiography and physical activity, walking endurance and mortality in older people
The one-leg resting position (Nilotenstellung), in Africa and elsewhere
A sports physician looks back : sport's dangers are no laughing matter
Exploring functional brain networks using independent component analysis:functional brain networks connectivity
Silent night : the remarkable Christmas truce of 1914
Time to rest : signals in shoot apex developmental transitions underlying dormancy
Resting behaviour, growth and diarrhoea incidence rate of youg dairy calves housed individually or in groups in warm or cold buildings
Winter patterns of sleep in school-children
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Temperate Zone Fruits in the Tropics and Subtropics : Florianopolis, Brazil, October 21 - 25, 2007 ; [TZFTS]
Dance imagery for technique and performance
Relaxation : exercises and inspirations for well-being
Modelling bud dormancy release in trees from cool and temperate regions
Lepo Mikko, Valdur Ohakas, Olav Maran, Peeter Mudist : Tallinna motiivid : näitus Mart Lepa kunstikogust : Y galerii, Tartu,  detsember 2006 = views of Tallinn : exhibition from collection of Mart Lepp : Y Gallery, Tartu, September 2006 / [kataloogi koostas Mart Lepp]
Seed loss and volunteer seedling establishment of rapeseed in the northernmost European conditions: potential for weed infestation and GM risks
To sleep, perchance to dream : to sleep, perchance to dream : photographs by Ferdinando Scianna
Rest : why you get more done when you work less
The effect of cutting the root connection by detaching the shoot from the root system on dormancy release and vegetative bud burst was examined in 2-year-old seedlings of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Seedlings were transferred at 1-4 week intervals between October and January from outdoor conditions to experimental forcing in a heated greenhouse. Before forcing, half of the seedlings were cut above ground line, and the detached shoots were forced with their cut ends placed in water. The intact seedlings were forced with their root system remaining intact in the pots. Vegetative bud burst was observed visually. Cutting the root connection slightly increased days to bud burst in the forcing conditions, however, no consistent effect on bud burst percentage was found. Our preliminary seedling data suggest that using detached tree material in dormancy release experiments may have a small effect on bud burst date but it will evidently not lead to drastically erroneous conclusions. Further studies, using different seed lots, are needed to assess the effect of detaching on the dormancy release and bud burst, especially in adult trees.
The Last Waltz
Physiological, morphological and molecular biological studies of dormancy development in Norway spruce and Scots pine = Fysiologiske, morfologiske og molekylæbiologiske studier av dvaleforløpet hos gran og furu
Seed development, dormancy and germination
Adaptation to seasonality : genetics and variation in life-history traits important in overwintering
Punaste lippude all : Turun taidemuseo 8.5. - 31.8.2008 : Malmön taidemuseo 1.12.2008 - 25.1.2009 = Under de röda fanorana : Åbo konstmuseum 8.5. - 31.8.2008 : Malmö konstmuseum 1.12.2008 - 25.1.2009 = Under the red banners : Turku Art  Museum 8.5. - 31.8 / toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Mia Haltia
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Night school : the life-changing science of sleep
A framework for modelling the annual cycle of trees in boreal and temperate regions
Significance of the root connection on the dormancy release and vegetative bud burst of Norway spruce (Picea abies) seedlings in relation to accumulated chilling
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity?  : a handbook for nursing staff
Peace : writings and speeches of the Nobel Peace Prize winner, 1971
Changes in gene expression linked with adult reproductive diapause in a northern malt fly species: a candidate gene microarray study
Exploring functional brain networks using independent component analysis : functional brain networks connectivity
A tribute to Arvi Leponiemi on his 60th birthday
Sleep disturbances and psychiatric symptoms in school-aged children
War and peace in the borderlands of Myanmar : the Kachin Ceasefire, 1994-2011
Nursing knowledge and practice : foundations for decision making
Hotel employees occupational well-being
De novo RNA sequencing enables transcriptome studies in non-model species : gene expression patterns involved in Drosophila montana reproductive diapause
The Finnish-Soviet armistice negotiations of 1944
Dormancy and frost hardiness in Norway spruce seedlings = Veksthvile og frostherdighet i småplanter av gran
Summary.
The effects of stall surfaces and milk yield on the lying behavior of dairy cow
Frost hardiness of forest trees : a project summary
Night school : wake up to the power of sleep
Cubicula diurna, nocturna : revisiting Roman cubicula and sleeping arrangements
Experimental morphogenesis and integration of plants
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Proceedings of the XIIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Orlando, Florida, USA July 28-August 1, 2013
Effects of a 5-day bed rest on muscle size, T2-relaxation and neuromuscular function
Principles of seed science and technology
A CASE STUDY: RESTING, LOADING AND RECOVERY OF THE FLOORBALL PLAYER
Behind the lines : the story of the IRA and Loyalist ceasefires
Rapeseed soil seed bank development and volunteer plant establishment represent substantial risk for crop infestation and GM contamination. This study was designed to complement such investigations with novel understanding from high latitude conditions. Four experiments were designed to characterise seed loss at harvest, persistence, viability and capacity for volunteer seedling establishment, as well as impact of management measures on soil seed bank dynamics. Oilseed rape was the primary crop investigated due to the availability of GM cultivars and because of the increasing importance. Harvest losses and soil seed bank development were significant. Volunteer seedlings emerged at reasonably high rates, especially in the first autumn after harvest, but about 10% of buried seeds maintained their viability for at least three years. Soil incorporation methods had no major effect on numbers of volunteer seedlings, but herbicide treatments controlled volunteer seedlings efficiently, though not completely, due to irregular timing of seedling emergence.
Sleep and rest in calves : relationship to welfare, housing and hormonal activity
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity? : a Handbook for Nursing Staff
Simply relax : the beginner's guide to relaxation
Explaining social inequalities in health by sleep : the Japanese civil servants study
Studies on voice production : with a special emphasis on vocal loading, gender, some exposure factors and intensity regulation
The blazing star
Functional and anatomical brain networks : Brain networks during naturalistic auditory stimuli, tactile stimuli and rest. Functional network plasticity in early-blind subjects
This wheel's on fire : Levon Helm and the story of the Band
Seed dormancy in grasses
How to sleep soundly tonight : 250 simpple and natural ways to prevent sleeplessness
I want to sleep : how to get a good night's sleep
The purpose of the research is to clarify the factors which will increase the occupational well-being of hotel employees. The aim was to find answers to questions how food, drink, rest, exercise and social working environment affect to employee's occupational well-being.  The method of the research was a quantitative mail survey and was made with a paper questionnaire. The study sample consisted of all employees, excluding housekeeping, working on the 2nd of January 2007 in an international hotel in Helsinki, Finland. This was in total 76 hotel employees. The answer percentage of the questionnaire was 57 %. The results were analysed statistically by Tixel program which uses Microsoft Excel macros.  Of the respondents 60 % were women and 40 % men. Nearly two thirds of the women and half of the men belonged to age group 18-33. Every third of the men belonged to age group over 50 but only 12% of the women. Over half of the respondents did shift work.  The majority of the respondents found it very important that in-house food services were provided by employer in each shift, but they used them seldom. They felt that food services were versatile but healthier and lighter alternatives were requested. Only half of the respondents kept regularly coffee and lunch brakes during the working shifts.  The physical condition of the respondents was good and majority of the responders did 30 minutes exercise at least 2-3 times a week. Women were in better fitness than men as well as the younger respondents compared to the middle age ones. Although the respondents were in good physical condition and slept the average sleeping hours, over half of the respondents felt tired 1-2 days a week and about every fourth experienced tiredness even more often. Half of the respondents found the work physically and psychically overloading.  In good social working environment the most important factors by the respondents were fellow employees, ergonomics, support by the superiors and challenges and responsibility. Flow of information, possibility to influence on own work and the feedback from superiors were the areas they wished for improvement. Nearly half of the respondents felt that they did not receive enough feedback from their superiors and nearly one third felt that they were not are able to influence enough on their own work. Almost all respondent felt that atmosphere was good in their working department and majority felt their work was meaningful and cooperation between employees was fluent.  Hotel employees aimed to have healthy way of living in their free time although they felt that shift work made it difficult to exercise. They felt that hotel work was mentally and physically loading but they used the health related services provided by employer seldom and did not take the allowed breaks during shifts regularly.  The health habits, especially in night shifts, corresponded only partially to the recommendations given in the literature. This can be a consequence of lack of knowledge, information or time.  Demanding hotel work and shift work set especial requirements for occupational wellbeing and human resource management. An employer cannot alone be responsible of the employee's well-being. Employer should together with the employees develop the health related services and working environment as in health project in Scandic hotel chain that guides employees towards healthier life style.  The results of my study support the Scandic health project. The data and results can also be utilized in the long-term implementation and development of wellbeing of the employees and in making Scandic Continental healthier and more attractive working.
Third graders' knowledge of healthy lifestyle
Diapause in aquatic invertebrates : theory and human use
Age-related stopover strategies in the wood sandpiper Tringa glareola
Overwintering in woody plants : involvement of ABA and dehydrins
