http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8299 sleep
sleep
Good night, Little Rainbow Fish
Sleep, the gentle tyrant
"Sweet Sleep is the first and most complete book on nights and naps for breastfeeding families. It's mother-wisdom, reassurance, and a how-to guide for making sane and safe decisions on how and where your family sleeps, backed by the latest research. It's 4 A.M. You've nursed your baby five times throughout the night. You're beyond exhausted. But where can you breastfeed safely when you might fall asleep? You've heard that your bed is dangerous for babies. Or is it? Is there a way to reduce the risk? Does life really have to be this hard? No, it doesn't. Sweet Sleep is within reach. This invaluable resource will help you sleep better tonight in under ten minutes with the Quick Start guide--and sleep safer every night with the Safe Sleep Seven sort out the facts and fictions of bedsharing and SIDS learn about normal sleep at every age and stage, from newborn to new parent direct your baby toward longer sleep when he's ready tailor your approach to your baby's temperament uncover the hidden costs of sleep training and "cry it out" techniques navigate naps at home and daycare handle criticism from family, friends, and physicians enjoy stories and tips from mothers like you make the soundest sleep decisions for your family and your life"--
Dreaming : a cognitive-psychological analysis
Before I wake up..
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
Private myths : dreams and dreaming
Event-related potentials representing auditory perceptual learning of foreign language features in nocturnal sleep
Humphrey's bedtime
Sleep. Volume II, Pioneering sleep research
Association between Intensity of Information and Communication Technology usage and Quality of Sleep Among School-aged children
Your baby and toddler problems solved
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
The tiredness cure : how to beat fatigue and feel great for good
The mathematical structure of the human sleep-wake cycle
Associations between the emotional interaction of the infant-parent dyad and infat's sleep quality at the age 8 mounths
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Improving sleep : a guide to a good night's rest
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Cuddle up now, little one, let's snuggle wing-to-wing. Are you feeling safe and warm? Ok then, let's begin. Join Little Owl and Big Owl as they cuddle up at bedtime, thinking of the special times they've had together and all the exciting adventures the future holds.
Sleeping well : the sourcebook for sleep and sleep disorders
Adenosine in sleep and wakefulness
Association of length of sleep with dietary intake and weight in the Kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study
How to sleep soundly tonight : 250 simple and natural ways to prevent sleeplessness
Stay calm stay healthy : defend yourself against stress and improve your health
Counting sheep! : why do we sleep?
It's time to sleep, you crazy sheep!
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
The psychology of sleep
Noradrenergic activity in rat brain during rapid eye movement sleep deprivation and rebound sleep
The dictionary of dreams and their meanings
Beating insomnia : how to get a good night's sleep
Sloth slept on
Yellowfang's secret
I want to sleep : how to get a good night's sleep
The brain's electrical activity in deep anaesthesia:with special reference to EEG burst-suppression
Drug treatment for circadian rhythm sleep disorders
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
The sleepeasy solution  : the exhausted parent's guide to getting your child to sleep through the night
Sleep and cognition
The catnapping cat
How do giraffes take naps?
Sleep and cytokine concentrations during pregnancy
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
Automatic SCSB analysis of motor and autonomic nervous activity in infants compared to EEG-based sleep stages
Sleepeasy solution : the exhausted parent's guide to getting your child to sleep through the night
Cardiovascular risk factors in mild obstructive sleep apnea? : the outcome of lifestyle intervention with weight reduction
A validation study of the home sleep monitoring device Beddit Sleep Tracker
Desert Coral. 1
The multiplicity of dreams : memory, imagination, and consciousness
The baby and toddler sleep programme  : how to get your child to sleep through the night, every night
Good night, mouse!
The association of duration and physiological quality of sleep with the self-reported stress during the following working day
Sleeping Habits, Sleep Disorders and Daytime Sleepiness in Schoolchildren
Transcriptional activity in the brain during sleep deprivation
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of sleep
Dream recall and complexity in NREM and REM sleep : mentation reports in an early-night serial awakening paradigm
Healthy sleep habits, happy child :  step-by-step programme for a good night's sleep
A nap time story
Baby sleep solutions : finding your own way to easy evenings and peaceful nights
Multichannel EEG-based sleep stage scoring
Night school : the life-changing science of sleep
When my baby dreams
Low-grade inflammation in depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances
LONG TERM USE OF CONTINUOUS POSITIVE AIRWAY PRESSURE CARE IN SLEEP APNEA : Literature review on common side effects and possible nursing interventions
Exploring the world of lucid dreaming
Sleep. Volume IV, Sleep across the world and ages
Lucid dreaming : gateway to the inner self
The insomniac's best friend : how to get a better night's sleep
Bedtime stories for grown-ups
Save our sleep : helping your baby to sleep through the night from birth to two years
Sleep : the easy way to peaceful nights
Come on everybody, time to play!
The dream and human societies
Lucid dreaming : the paradox of consciousness during sleep
Inspiratory flow shape clustering (IFSC) : an automated method to monitor upper airway performance during sleep
Obstruction event severity in diagnostics of sleep apnea
Dream and reality
Silent nights : overcoming sleep problems in babies and children
Love you hoo
Dreams and dreaming : selected readings
Sleep disorders and associated factors in 56-73 year-old urban adults in Northern Finland
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
The no-cry sleep solution for toddlers and preschoolers : gentle ways to stop bedtime battles and improve your child's sleep
The complete book of dreams
Horsey
Sleep and dreaming : origins, nature and functions
About Grace
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Infants' sleep movements: their relationship to temperament and motor development during the first year of life
Executive dysfunction in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome
Goop clean beauty
Dreams, phantasms and memories
Top tips from the baby wisperer : sleep : secrets to getting your baby to sleep through the night
Where the children sleep
It is night
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Subjective and objective measures of emotions in REM sleep dreams
Principles and practice of sleep medicine
Smart student's guide to healthy living : how to survive stress, late nights & the college cafeteria
The new psychology of dreams
Dreaming : an introduction to the science of sleep
We dream as we live : consuming
"Great sleep" as a form of hedonic consumption
Fast asleep, wide awake : discover the secrets of restorative sleep and vibrant energy
Algebraic methods for cryptographic key exhange
Sleep. Volume III, Contemporary sleep cultures
The girls' book of dreams : your inner self revealed!
The sleep book : how to sleep well every night
The sleep quality of children with ADHD type of symptoms : a study on body motility
Sweet sleep : nighttime and naptime strategies for the breastfeeding family
Physical activity and sleep profiles in Finnish men and women
Go the fuck to sleep
How to sleep soundly tonight : 250 simpple and natural ways to prevent sleeplessness
Stars of fortune
The No-Cry Sleep Solution : Gentle Ways to Help Your Baby Sleep Through the Night
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
Automatic sleep stage classification using electro-oculography
Partial Sleep Restriction Activates Immune Response-Related Gene Expression Pathways: Experimental and Epidemiological Studies in Humans
Baby-led parenting : the easy way to nurture, understand and connect with your baby
Where the fairies fly
The paradox of sleep : the story of dreaming
Handbook of sleep medicine
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
Development and application of comprehensive medication review procedure to community-dwelling elderly
Nutraceuticals and functional foods in human health and disease prevention
Bed time
Avenue of mysteries
Childhood sleep-disordered breathing – dentofacial and pharyngeal characteristics
Sleep. Volume I, Sleep and social theory
Social simulation in dreams
Sleep manual : how to achieve the perfect night's sleep
Dreams and dreaming
Sleep and wakefulness
Dream interpretation for beginners : understand the wisdom of your sleeping mind
Advances in the detection of sleep EEG signal waveforms
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
An invitation to dream : tap of the resources of inner wisdom
Variation in the progressive : a corpus-based study into world Englishes
Sleeping better together : how both of you can get a better night's rest
Sleep smarter : 21 essential strategies to sleep your way to a better body, better health, and bigger success
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
REM sleep deprivation induces galanin gene expression in the rat brain
Sleep, work and mental health
Good nights : the happy parents' guide to the family bed (and a peaceful night's sleep!)
The sheep won't sleep
Dream psychology and the new biology of dreaming
The baby sleep book : how to help your baby to sleep and have a restful night
Stone Age boy
Modulation of subjective dream experience during rapid eye movement sleep with transcranial direct current simulation
The sleep instinct
Sleepless in America : is your child misbehaving ...or missing sleep?
Don't wake the lion
Basic sleep mechanisms
Primary and secondary effects of nocturnal traffic noise with different audio frequencies on sleep
A primer on sleep and dreaming
Effects of exercise intensity on recovery of autonomic nervous system immediately after exercise and during sleep, and on subjective and objective sleep quality
Sleep and dreaming
Evening owls have increased odds for both psychiatric and somatic illnesses
Patterns of English-Finnish codeswitching in Finland and in the United States
The dreamcatcher : an A-Z guide to your dreams and what they mean
The gentle sleep book : a guide for calm babies, toddlers and pre-schoolers
Principles and Practice of Sleep Medicine, 5th Edition, by Meir H. Kryger, MD, FRCPC, Thomas Roth, PhD, and William C. Dement, MD, PhD, delivers the comprehensive, dependable guidance you need to effectively diagnose and manage even the most challenging sleep disorders. Updates to genetics and circadian rhythms, occupational health, sleep in older people, memory and sleep, physical examination of the patient, comorbid insomnias, and much more keep you current on the newest areas of the field. A greater emphasis on evidence-based approaches helps you make the most well-informed clinical decisions. And, a new more user-friendly, full color format - both in print and online, lets you find the answers you need more quickly and easily. Whether you are preparing for the new sleep medicine fellowship examination, or simply want to offer your patients today's best care, this is the once resource to use! Make optimal use of the newest scientific discoveries and clinical approaches that are advancing the diagnosis and management of sleep disorders.
A new visual adaptive scoring system for sleep recordings : development and application to the multiple sleep latency test
Studies of human vigilance performance = Onderzoek naar ononderbroken aandacht tijdens taakverrichting
English abstract.
Sleep : For spiritual growth and wellbeing of your soul
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Angel's fury
Effects of irregular wake-sleep rhythm on health, well-being and sleep in night shift workers
Too small for my big bed
Toddler care book : a complete guide from 1 to 5 years old
Kafka on the shore
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
A field guide to lucid dreaming : mastering the art of oneironautics
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
When my baby dreams of fairy tales
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Detection and assessment of sleep-disordered breathing with special interest of prolonged partial obstruction
How many kisses good night?
Sleep : helping your child to sleep through the night
Sleep and Menopause. Hormone Therapy and Sleep Deprivation
Sleep problems in children and adolescents
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
Unobtrusive monitoring of heart rate and respiration rate during sleep
The Belly Melt Diet : the 6-week plan to harness your body's natural rhythms to lose weight for good!
Sleep and alertness : effects of shift work, early rising, and the sleep environment
Night school : wake up to the power of sleep
The waking brain
