http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8304 diabetes
diabetes
Diet and Medication Therapy in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes. : Comparison between Finland and the United States of America (USA).
Cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes mellitus : assessment and control
The diabetes annual. 6
Molecular mechanisms of antidiabetic effects of estrogen
Safety issues related to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in fish and shellfish in relation with current Malaysian laws
Evaluation and properties of formulated low calories functional yoghurt cake
Dilemmas in diabetes : proceedings
The everything guide to cooking for children with diabetes : from everyday meals to holiday treats : how to prepare foods your child will love to eat
Diabetes mellitus : theory and practice
Periodontal diseases, dental caries, and saliva in relation to clinical characteristics of type 1 diabetes
Early nutrition and type 1 diabetes
Atkins diabetes revolution : the groundbreaking approach to preventing and controlling type 2 diabetes
50 healthy and delicious recipes for diabetic cooking : each recipe shown step by step in more than 240 photographs
Management of Diabetes Mellitus : a guide to the pattern approach
Recent trends in management of diabetes mellitus : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Nagoya, 13-15 November 1985
Diabetes and physical activity
Cost-effectiveness of short-term and long-term initial hospital stay of children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
"Renowned researcher and diabetes expert Dr. Sheri Colberg has developed a practical guide specifically for athletes of all ages with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. The Diabetic Athlete's Handbook provides you with the most up-to-date information on insulins and other medications, glucose monitors, blood sugar management, nutrition and supplements, injury prevention and treatment, and mental strategies for maximizing performance and optimizing health. Featuring more than 100 sport-specific training guidelines for fitness, endurance, power, and outdoor activities, the Diabetic Athlete's Handbook is the one resource you can't afford to be without."--BOOK JACKET.
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Living with type 2 diabetes : general guidelines for patients
Immunological aspects of diabetes mellitus : international symposium Steno Memorial Hospital, Denmark August 1975
The diabetes annual. 12
Methodological aspects of toe blood pressure measurements for evaluation of arterial insuffiency in patients with diabetes
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
Practical carbohydrate counting
Feet first : Dramatic organ transplant story as told to Melva Libb
Death is now my neighbour
16th International Diabetes Federation Congress : abstracts for the state-of-the-art lectures and symposia
Nurses' Role in The Prevention of Diabetic Foot Ulcer
Diabetic foot care: case studies in clinical management
The risk to develop type 2 diabetes among the people born in 1960 in the Town of Oulainen
Diabetes-symposium 1969
Diabetes Action Now : an initiative of the World Health Organization and the International Diabetes Federation
Drug Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes
Plasma cell glycoprotein-1, interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-[alpha] as candidate genes for insulin resistance, obesity and type 2 diabetes
There is a cure for diabetes : the tree of life 21-day+ program
Role of physical exercise, fitness and aerobic training in type I diabetic and healthy men in relation to the lipid profile, lipid peroxidation and the metabolic syndrome
Diabetes Care for the Older Patient : A Practical Handbook
Treatment of type 1 diabetes : guide for immigrants
Role of antibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase in type I diabetes : relation to other autoantibodies, HLA risk markers and clinical characteristics
Effects of insulin deficiency on exercise-induced acute responses in the regulation of fatty acid oxidation in mouse gastrocnemius muscles
Diabetes in elderly people : a guide for the health care team
Coffee and risk of type 2 diabetes
"The psychological impact of dealing with the stress of the daily management of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes can be arduous and challenging. Yet this area is rarely discussed in medical settings despite the fact that the emotional context can undermine the person's ability to stay motivated in the essential self-care tasks that are vital for good health.Diabetes and Wellbeing presents a range of research-based psychological principles that have been demonstrated to positively impact emotional wellbeing. It covers a broad spectrum of diabetes care from managing the initial diagnosis, overcoming depression and diabetes 'burnout', dealing effectively with fears and anxiety, managing food and weight issues and eating disorders, coping with the impact of sexual difficulties, and communicating with healthcare professionals.Jen Nash effectively guides the reader through strategies for better management of the issues associated with living with diabetes, moving individuals towards greater physical and psychological wellbeing and - as a result - a healthier future. This innovative yet practical guide is invaluable for individuals living with diabetes, those supporting others with diabetes, and healthcare professionals involved in the care of patients with diabetes"--
Think like a pancreas : a practical guide to managing diabetes with insulin
Genes regulating insulin secretion and insulin signaling as candidate genes for type 2 diabetes in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance
Diabetes education : art, science, and evidence
Take the guesswork out of eating and preparing diabetes-friendly foods. This guide provides advice on managing your diabetes and maintaining optimal weight through meal plans and sound nutritional advice.
Betty Crocker diabetes cookbook : great-tasting, easy recipes for every day
Prevention of blindness from diabetes mellitus : report of a WHO consultation in Geneva, Switzerland, 9-11 November 2005.
Practical diabetes international
Interferons in antiviral defense and autoimmunity: focus on type 1 diabetes
Diabetes : proceedings of the eighth congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Brussels, July 15-20, 1973
Adherence to self-care and social support
Relation of submaximal concentric exercise to muscle fiber composition and substrate utilization in type 2 diabetic, obese and healthy men
This Adis Pocket Reference presents an up-to-date, succinct, and practical approach to drug therapy for type 2 diabetes.
In vitro studies of the diabetic condition using cultured fibroblasts with focus on wound healing
The diabetes cooking book : what to eat & what to cook to treat type 2
The 8-week blood sugar diet : lose weight fast and reprogramme your body
Clinical diabetes mellitus : a problem oriented approach
Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus complications among adults
Textbook of diabetes : vol. 1
Diabetes, insulin and Alzheimer's disease
Functional genomics studies of PINK1
A colour atlas of diabetes
Self-efficacy in nursing : research and measurement perspectives
Current topics in clinical and experimental aspects of diabetes mellitus : proceedings of the 2nd Japan-Korea Symposium on Diabetes Mellitus, Nagoya, Japan, Sept. 20-21, 1983
The effect of physical activity counseling on diabetics' mobility : results of a secondary analysis
Complete nurse's guide to diabetes care
Type 1 Diabetes : Clinical Management of the Athlete
Sexuality and chronic illness : assessment and interventions
Preventing elderly’s diabetes mellitus  with physical activity: nurses’ role
Antioxidants, weight change and risk of type 2 diabetes
Diabetes causes substantial losses for the Finnish economy
This report is an addendum to the diagnostic criteria published in the 2006 WHO/IDF report “Definition and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and intermediate hyperglycaemia”, and addresses the use of HbA1c in diagnosing diabetes mellitus. This report does not invalidate the 2006 recommendations on the use of plasma glucose measurements to diagnose diabetes. A WHO expert consultation was held from 28 to 30 March 2009. A systematic review was conducted on the use of HbA1c as a diagnostic test for diabetes mellitus. The evidence was summarized and its quality evaluated using the GRADE methodology. The recommendation was formulated and its strength was rated on a two-point scale, based on the quality of evidence and the applicability and performance of the method in different settings. The WHO Consultation concluded that HbA1c can be used as a diagnostic test for diabetes, provided that stringent quality assurance tests are in place and assays are standardised to criteria aligned to the international reference values, and there are no conditions present which preclude its accurate measurement. An HbA1c of 6.5% is recommended as the cut point for diagnosing diabetes. A value less than 6.5% does not exclude diabetes diagnosed using glucose tests. The expert group concluded that there is currently insufficient evidence to make any formal recommendation on the interpretation of HbA1c levels below 6.5%.
[Abstract in Chinese].
Healthy eating for diabetes
Diabetes mellitus is increasing in incidence, prevalence, and importance as a chronic disease throughout the world. The International Diabetes Federation projects that by 2030 there will be 438 million people with diabetes on a global scale. In the United States, the Centers for Disease Control calculates that 25.8 million people (or 8.3% of the population) have diabetes and nearly 2 million Americans develop diabetes each year. Thus, the burden of diabetes is enormous in terms of the magnitude of the population affected.  There has been an exciting explosion of knowledge about fundamental mechanisms related to diabetes. We have gained insights into the pathogenesis both of type 1 and type 2 diabetes, and with that, the prospect of implementing prevention strategies to delay or interdict the disease processes. Great progress has been made in islet transplantation, which offers the potential of reversing diabetes, while approaches to islet replacement by regeneration or stem cell therapy are in their infancy. Whether diabetes prevention will come from advances in understanding the processes of islet neogenesis and proliferation, from genetic engineering, or from protecting xenoislets or stem cells from immunologic attack remains unclear. All are potential avenues of pursuit. This newly revised, comprehensive, four-color Atlas of Diabetes, 4th Edition, is extensively updated with references to the current literature.  Developed by leading authorities in the field, this Atlas offers an indispensable collection of images, including algorithms, tables, charts, and schematic drawings.  It continues its role as a leading reference work and an invaluable contribution to the field.
Effects of exercise and alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on brain tissue protection in experimental diabetes
Oral inflammatory conditions and diabetes mellitus
Gene mapping for type 1 diabetes using a high density genotyping array platform
Living with type 1 diabetes : general guidelines for patients
Key Topics on Anaesthesia
Glycemic index in epidemiologic study of type 2 diabetes
Genetic analysis of type 1 diabetes
On the nature and treatment of diabetes : [proceedings of the fifth congress]
Psychological features characterizing oral health behavior, diabetes self-care and health status among IDDM patients
Regulation of alternative splicing in obesity and weight loss
Young people with Diabetes Mellitus type 1 and self care
Insulin-sensitizing genes and risk of type 2 diabetes : studies on the PGC-1α, PPARγ, adiponectin, leptin receptor and hepatic lipase genes
Rapid HLA-DQB1 genotyping for four alleles in the assessment of risk for IDDM in the finnish population
Cellular Physiology and Metabolism of Physical Exercise
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of dementia : a population-based study
Wound healing in a suction blister model : an experimental study with special reference to healing in patients with diabetes and patients with obstructive jaundice
Ljungan virus - a novel pathogen : effects on the pregnant female and her offspring
Guidelines for the prevention, management and care of diabetes mellitus
Diabetic Adolescents and their Families presents an innovative approach to the study of coping with chronic illness by focusing on the developmental context in its description of a longitudinal study of families with a diabetic or a healthy adolescent. Inge Seiffge-Krenke considers perspectives of the ill adolescents, their parents, and the physicians treating them. Highlighted topics include typical stressors, individual and family coping strategies, and psychosocial consequences associated with diabetes. The author also examines the changes that occur in adolescents' self-concept and body image and analyses their relationships with parents, physicians, friends, and romantic partners as sources of support and of stress. Numerous case studies illustrate the difficulty of balancing normative development and adherence to the therapeutic regimen. Integrating clinical concerns with fundamental findings of developmental psychology, this book will be of value to anyone with an interest in the study of adolescent health psychology.
International Diabetes Epidemiology Group Symposium, Savonlinna, Finland, 17-20 July 1997.
Diabetes mellitus : theory and management
Diabetes  : eat and enjoy
Diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in northern Finnish elderly subjects : prevalence, prognostic factors, perceived health, symptoms, functional ability and mortality
Characterization of MODY3 in Norway and HNF-1alpha transcription factor function
Definition and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and intermediate hyperglycaemia : report of a WHO/IDF consultation
Disorders and interventions
Cost-effectiveness of insulin glargine compared to other long-acting basal insulins in the treatment of Finnish type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients based on individual studies
19th world diabetes congress,  3-7 December 2006
"Type 1 diabetes, formerly known as juvenile diabetes, is a complex disorder that requires a great deal of patient-guided self-care. In recent years, advances in diabetes treatment have dramatically shifted potential outcomes in the favor of the patient with diabetes. The challenge for health care professionals is to realize this potential through an individualized, flexible, and responsive treatment plan for patients with type 1 diabetes.Now in its sixth edition, Medical Management of Type 1 Diabetes offers health care providers the newest information and guidelines for the treatment of type 1 diabetes. Built on the foundation of multiple daily insulin injections and insulin pump therapy, this book guides health care providers in helping their patients continually strive for optimal blood glucose control. This new edition focuses on the latest molecular advances, new treatment methods, recent clinical trials, and the American Diabetes Association's Standards of Care. Key topics also include new insulins and administration protocols, advanced carbohydrate counting, and emphasis on continuing patient education.Individual sections address all of the topics in managing type 1 diabetes, including:Diagnosis and Classification/PathogenesisDiabetes Standards and EducationTools of TherapySpecial SituationsPsychosocial Factors Affecting Adherence, Quality of Life, and Well-BeingComplicationsEdited by Dr. Francine Kaufman, a widely recognized expert in the treatment of diabetes and of insulin therapy, and guided by the recognized authority of the American Diabetes Association's Standards of Care, Medical Management of Type 1 Diabetes is an essential addition to any clinician's library for the treatment and understanding of type 1 diabetes"--Provided by publisher.
American Dietetic Association guide to diabetes medical nutrition therapy and education
Intraperitoneal versus subcutaneous insulin treatment in diabetic patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis therapy
Transcriptional regulation of healthy and diabetic pancreatic -cell gene expression
Davidson's diabetes mellitus : diagnosis and treatment
Type 1 diabetes-associated antibodies during pregnancy and in infancy
The self care developing of the diabetes patients in Northern Finland
Enterovirus infections in the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes
Compliance to the treatment of diabetes 2 : described by some patients of a diabetes clinic in Nairobi, Kenya
The book covers areas of cellular physiology and metabolism that are of interest to scientists involved in research in diabetes and metabolic diseases. Some chapters of the book are specifically research-oriented, as all the authors are actively practicing either bench or clinical research in the area. Nonetheless, since the work is fully comprehensive of the discipline, it is also suitable for university classes of graduate and undergraduate students. In particular, the book discusses classical aspects of cellular physiology and the metabolism of physical exercise, as well as novel topics like exercise in transplantation and exercise in beta-cell failure, which mark the frontiers of research in sport-related sciences and research. Exercise physiologists, biologists and physicians are the specific professional and academic targets of this work. The team of authors together with the editor are world-renowned experts in the field of physiology and metabolism applied to sport sciences.
On my own two wheels : back in the saddle at 60
Textbook of diabetes : vol. 2
Healthy Indian cooking for diabetes : delicious Khana for life
Sedentary time and the associations with 10-year cardiovascular disease risk and type 2 diabetes in midlife : FIN-D2D study
Textbook of diabetes 2. Volume 2
ABC of diabetes
Analysis of functional genetic polymorphisms in prostrate cancer and type 2 diabetes : growth hormone receptor and mucin 1
Reverse your diabetes : the step-by-step plan to take control of type 2 diabetes
Diabetes in Europe : a monograph on diabetes epidemiology in Europe produced as part of the 'Eurodiab' concerted action programme of the European Community
International textbook of diabetes mellitus. Vol. 2
The aim of this study was to prepare and evaluate a formulated functional yoghurt cake using hot water extract of stevia leaves as a sweetener. The ingredients of the regular yoghurt cake were replaced by both low caloric value and functional ingredients. Sucrose was replaced by hot water extract of stevia, butter was replaced by olive oil, full cream milk was replaced by skimmed milk, whole egg was replaced by egg white and 72% extraction wheat flour was replaced by whole wheat flour. Orange peels and lemon rind were also added to the formulated yoghurt with stevia extract. Sensory evaluations for both the regular yoghurt cake and formulated yoghurt cake for diabetics were carried out using scores of the appearance, color, odor, flavor, texture and overall acceptability. The obtained results showed that the regular yoghurt cake and formulated yoghurt cake for diabetics have a good score. The biological evaluation of rat blood parameters of control and yoghurt cake for diabetics groups showed that bilirubin, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, cholesterol, creatinine, alkaline phosphatase, blood glucose and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase ( gamma -GT) values (means) in yoghurt cake for diabetics group were similar to results obtained in regular yoghurt cake group. There was a slight decrease in urea and aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) (37.05 mg/dl and 86.82 U/L, respectively) values in yoghurt cake for diabetics group compared with control (43.26 mg/dl and 97.00 U/L, respectively). It was concluded that formulated functional yoghurt cake containing hot water extract of stevia, whole wheat flour, egg white, skimmed milk, yoghurt, orange peel lemon rind and olive oil would be a great meal for diabetics.
The diabetes guide : control your diabetes with the complete diet and lifestyle plan
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Identification of susceptibility genes in type 2 diabetes
The management of older people with  diabetes  requires careful attention  to the specific needs of this age group.  This practical handbook addresses the issues surrounding the care of older diabetic patients, including dementia, frailty, depression and cardiovascular risk.  Intended for day-to-day use in clinical practice, each chapter closes with a list of salient practical points in the clinical management of older patients with diabetes. Concisely written by authorities in the field, this book is a valuable resource for all those involved in the   diabetes care of older people .
"This is the most current and practical book available on how to begin and maintain intensive diabetes management"--Provided by publisher.
Textbook of diabetes 1. Volume 1
Insulin resistance in human disease : proceedings of the 7th Korea-JAPAN Symposium on Diabetes Mellitus, Seoul, Korea, 13-14 April 1993
European diabetes nursing
Growth and nutrition in the etiology of type 1 diabetes
First steps to living with diabetes
Diabetes : recipes, hints, tips
Diabetes mellitus in East Asia : proceedings of the First China-Japan Symposium on Diabetes Mellitus, Beijing, China, 5-6 May 1987
A systematic literature review on use of technology in diabetes management among nurses : benefits and barriers
Diabetes meal planning & nutrition for dummies
Safety of VEGF gene therapy in cardiovascular diseases
Diabetic cardiomyopathy and post-infarct ventricular remodelling : effects of levosimendan in a rodent model of type II diabetes
Nutraceuticals and functional foods in human health and disease prevention
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase and type 2 diabetes : catalytic subunit p110[beta] as a candidate gene for type 2 diabetes and in vitro modelling of the insulin signalling pathway
Adolescent type 1 diabetes eating and gastrointestinal function
Genetic studies on type 2 diabetes mellitus with special emphasis on obesity and microvascular complications
Diabetic Adolescents and their Families : Stress, Coping, and Adaptation
The blood sugar solution : the bestselling programme for preventing diabetes, losing weight, and feeling great
Recent trends of diabetes mellitus in East Asia : proceedings of the Second Japan-China Symposium on Diabetes Mellitus, Fukuoka, Japan, 13-14 October 1989
Executive summary.
Diabetes and hypertension have evolved as two of the modern day epidemics affecting millions of people around the world. These two common co-morbidities lead to substantial increase in cardiovascular disease, the major cause of morbidity and mortality of adults around the world.  In Diabetes and Hypertension: Evaluation and Management, a panel of renowned experts address a range of critical topics -- from basic concepts in evaluation and management of diabetes and hypertension, such as dietary interventions, to evaluation and management of secondary hypertension in clinical practice. Other chapters focus on high cardiovascular risk populations such as those with coronary heart disease, chronic kidney disease and minority patients.  In addition, evolving concepts and new developments in the field are presented in other chapters, such as prevention of type 2 diabetes and the epidemic of sleep apnea and its implication for diabetes and hypertension evaluation and management.  An important title covering two of the most troubling disorders of our time, Diabetes and Hypertension: Evaluation and Management will provide the busy practitioner with cutting edge knowledge in the field as well as practical information that can translate into better care provided to the high-risk population of diabetics and hypertensive patients.
Interprofessional training in diabetes and obesity policlinics in primary health care
Diabetic foot
The aim of this study is to find out patients compliance to the treatment and management of diabetes and the factors that influencing it. Background to this study was prior clinical placements, a placement in a Diabetes Clinic in Kenya and personal experiences with relatives affected by diabetes. These experiences motivated interest in doing this study especially as compliance was a big issue among these patients. Qualitative research design was used and it adopts a phenomenological approach. Data collection was done using a semi-structured interview and participant observation. Eight (n=8) participants attending diabetes clinic at a hospital in Nairobi, Kenya were interviewed during the research process. The data collected from the interview was analysed using content analysis where four major themes were identified. Theme themes were: awareness, motivation, socio-economic factors and coping strategies. They were discussed and compared to literature reviewed. The results of the study indicated that there were various factors that affected compliance/adherence to treatment management of diabetes. Diabetes patients have to deal with a chronic illness that weighs on their quality of life and compliance seems to be affected by aspects in their life they can or cannot control for instance the vast knowledge of diabetes, high costs of diabetes, stress of the illness among other factors. There is positive effect on adherence which is results from continuous education and by developing other coping strategies. Patients have a significant role in the management and treatment of their illness and therefore they need to be included in their own care as this motivates their adherence.
Assessment of risk for type 1 diabetes in children of affected families and in the general population : role of immunological and metabolic markers
Diabetes 1988 : proceedings of the 13th Congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Sydney, 20-25 November 1988
Dioxins (PCDDs) and furans (PCDFs) exposure has been linked to birth detects, child growth retardation, reduced levels of male reproductive hormones, altered ratios of male to female births, diabetes and cancer. These show that PCDDs and PCDFs give awful impact to man-kind. This paper will highlight on the concentration of the contaminants in fish and shellfish as well as the estimate intake of the contaminants based on data from other countries. This paper also will identify the relevant regulatory framework presently available in Malaysia that governs the environmental management of PCDDs and PCDFs. In response to aggressive attempts globally to control PCDD/Fs emissions over the last 35 years, human exposures to PCDD/Fs from the environment have declined significantly. The primary source of human exposure to PCDDs and PCDFs is animal foods including fish and shellfish. The sources of these contaminants in the foods are not well understood and are probably varied. Data on the levels of PCDD/Fs measured in various fish samples collected from one country to another varies which correlate with the varied species of fish and shellfish available besides the human industrial activities nearby. As for Malaysia, the information on the level and type of PCDD/Fs present in food especially fish and shellfish is still lacking and need to be made available in order for specific recommendations (kind of species, frequency and size of meals) regarding human consumption to be made. This paper also has noticed that there is no specific legislation in Malaysia that governs the safety and environmental management on PCDDs and PCDFs. However, there are several legislations that regulate the safety and environmental management of PCDDs and PCDFs which include Environmental Quality Act (1974); the Occupational Safety and Health Act (1994); the Customs Act (1967) and the Food Act (1983). The enforcement of these legislations is not the responsibility of a single government agency. Different government departments may enforce the legislation relevant to the operation of that department. Hence, the Environmental Quality Act (1974) is the responsible of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, the Occupational Safety and Health Act (1994) is by the Ministry of Human Resources whilst the Food Act (1983) is by the Ministry of Health and as for the Customs Act (1967) under the supervision and administration of the Ministry of Finance. Finally, this paper concluded that Malaysia has a sufficient regulatory framework in which may adequately control on PCDDs and PCDFs emission in various life cycles. However, there is no legal provision on the control of exposure toward PCDDs and PCDFs especially for human consumption by setting specific maximum residue level for various groups of food.
Treatment of type 2 diabetes
Diabetes holiday cookbook : year-round cooking for people with diabetes
International textbook of diabetes mellitus
Low-grade inflammation and markers of endothelial dysfunction in subjects with high risk of type 2 diabetes
Diabetes for dummies
Collaborative framework for care and control of tuberculosis and diabetes
Identification of the susceptibility genes in type 1 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy
The everyday diabetic cookbook
The diabetes guide : lifestyle tips & over 80 recipes
Diabetes and exercise
Diabetes &  the metabolic syndrome : eating for prevention and treatment
Health promotion in diabetes care : studies on adult type 1 diabetes patients
Podiatric assessment and management of the diabetic foot
Ellenberg and Rifkin's diabetes mellitus : theory and practice
Orthopedic nursing
"Diabetes and Wellbeing is a practical guide for those newly-diagnosed with diabetes, for individuals who have been managing the challenges of diabetes for many years, and the professionals who help those who deal with the complications of diabetes. This volume presents proven techniques for improving emotional wellbeing and is the first to take an explicitly CBT approach to diabetes. Positive Diabetes addresses the need for this kind of information among individuals with diabetes and healthcare providers"--
Views of diabetic young people and a need for support when changing from child clinic to adult nursing
The effect of blood glucose on the vasculature in young patients with type 1 diabetes
Diabetes 1982 : proceedings of the 11th Congress of the International Diabetes Federation
Diabetes and wellbeing : managing the psychological and emotional challenges of diabetes types 1 and 2
The evidence base for diabetes care
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor genes and insulin sensitivity
Advance abstracts of papers : Scandinavian Society for the Study of Diabetes : 22nd Annual Meeting, May 28-30, 1987, Turku
Diabetes 1979 : proceedings of the 10th Congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Vienna, Austria, September 9-14, 1979
There has been a recent surge of new data on the subject of exercise and sport in type I diabetes, as well as great interest from the multidisciplinary healthcare teams looking after such patients. Providing advice and support to enable athletes to manage their diabetes during and after sport is an essential part of diabetes care.   Type I Diabetes: Clinical Management of the Athlete outlines best practice and scientific progress in the management of people with type I diabetes who undertake a sport at any level.  The book explores endocrine response to exercise, hypoglycemia and dietetics in the diabetic patient, and provides real-life examples of type I diabetes management at the professional athlete level.  It is the first source of reference for specialists in diabetes when seeking advice on how to manage their patient and provides practical advice for equipping the type I diabetes patient with the ability to fulfill their sporting potential.
Use of glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) in diagnosis of diabetes mellitus : abbreviated report of a WHO consultation
eMedic : developing new practices for teleconsultation and diabetes
Studies of pancreatic islet microcirculation and insulin secretion in normal and diabetic rats
Psychological and medical well-being and their relation in adults with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Diabetes 1991 : proceedings of the 14th Congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Washington, DC, 23-28 June
The best diabetes slow cooker recipes
Endothelial dysfunction in patients with glucose abnormalities and coronary artery disease : studies of pathogenesis and treatment
Diabetes : a threat to mankind : 7-8 June 2013, Helsinki, Finland
Diabetes mellitus : achievements and scepticism
Best approach to the ideal therapy of diabetes mellitus : proceedings of the Fourth Japan-Korea Symposium on Diabetes Mellitus, held in Ohtsu, Japan, 3-4 July 1987
Diabetes & C-Peptide : Scientific and Clinical Aspects
Beta-cell autoimmunity and assessment of the risk of progression to type 1 diabetes
Toward useful services for elderly and people with disabilities : 9th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics, ICOST 2011, Montreal, Canada, June 20-22, 2011 : proceedings
Living with diabetes : the British Diabetic Association guide for those treated with insulin
Current status of diabetes mellitus in East Asia : proceedings of the 4th Japan-China Symposium on Diabetes Mellitus, Yokoham, 7-8 October 1993
Diabetic athlete's handbook
In Diabetes & C-Peptide: Scientific and Clinical Aspects, a renowned group of leading researchers and physicians offers a comprehensive overview of the role of C-Peptide in type 1 diabetes. The book is organized in five sections. An Introductory section provides the background and key features of C-peptide’s physiological function and how its deficiency contributes to complications. The second section describes up-to-date information on the biochemical and molecular actions of C-peptide, including membrane binding, interactions with insulin as well as the interaction between C-peptide and zinc and effects on microvascular vasoreactivity. The third section summarizes in vivo animal studies of the type 1 diabetic complications. The fourth section reviews the clinical efforts of C-peptide on inflammation, cardiovascular complication, neuropathy and nephropathy. Finally, in the Conclusions section, a summary of the present state of C-peptide, outstanding questions, and the likely direction of the field are offered. Developed by the foremost investigators in the rapidly moving field of C-peptide research, Diabetes & C-Peptide: Scientific and Clinical Aspects is an important contribution to the literature for all researchers and physicians concerned about type 1 diabetes.
Determinants and predictive value of markers of glycemia and dyslipidemia for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease
A citizen's guide to chronic disease care : taking action to make your voice heard
Inflammatory Pathways in Diabetes : Biomarkers and Clinical Correlates
11th Congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Nov. 10 - 17, 1982, Nairobi, Kenya : abstracts
Heart rate variability during 48-hour recovery from incremental cycle ergometer test in type 1 diabetes patients and healthy controls
Managing Diabetes is a up-to-date, comprehensive showcase of the current pharmaceutical trends in treating diabetes and provides a unbiased, inclusive discussion of current and emerging treatments by well-known experts in the field.
Atlas of Diabetes : Fourth Edition
The diabetes annual. 10
Detection of enterovirus infection in pancreas tissue
Differences of physical activity between screen-detected type 2 diabetics, known type 2 diabetics and non-diabetics
Care of people with diabetes : a manual of nursing practice
Psychology and Diabetes Care : A Practical Guide
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Intramyocellular topography of lipid droplets and OXPAT in obesity and type II diabetes
Textbook of diabetes : vol. 2. Vol. 2
Diabetic glomerulopathy : natural history, intervention and prediction of complications
Slide atlas of diabetes
Healthy lifestyle in the prevention of heart disease and diabetes : A literature review
Clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors, liver enzymes and PNPLA3 polymorphism with special reference to children
Nursing care of older people with diabetes
Diabetes 1985 : proceedings of the 12th congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Madrid, 23-28 Sept. 1985
The diabetes annual. 11
Diabetes : proceedings of the seventh congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Buenos Aires, 23-28 August, 1970
The story of insulin : forty years of success against diabetes
Psychological issues are increasingly recognised to be of high importance in diabetes management.  Understanding the psychosocial barriers facing individuals and their families and being able to provide the tools to support them to overcome those barriers is an essential part of diabetes care. Psychology and Diabetes Care: A Practical Guide is a concise handbook for the practicing diabetes clinician who is interested in gaining a better understanding of their patients, and in learning effective skills to better support patients.   The book explores common psychological problems associated with diabetes, gives insight into how diabetes is experienced in children, adolescents and special groups, and provides practical advice on providing psychological support to individuals with this serious long-term condition.
Role of inflammatory and mitochondria genes in adipose tissue and obesity
From statin efficacy to everyday effectiviness : studying the gap in between
Neuro-otologic findings in insulin-dependent diabetic patients
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
This book discusses recent advances in new anti- and pro-inflammatory pathways in diabetic disease, and identifies new diagnostic immunological methods that offer potential companion diagnostics for diabetic diseases. New methods in proteomics, mass spectroscopy, immunological assay design, measurement of cellular signal transduction and protease inhibition are used to clarify new biochemical pathways. Biomarker validation in animal models and correlations in humans for diagnostic clinical trials shed new light on the impact of diabetic diseases. The book reviews current understanding of inflammatory pathways in the pathophysiology of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, nephritis and other diabetic inflammatory conditions, and is the first to describe the impact of novel adipokines, protease inhibitors and complement markers. By presenting new methodologies for biomarker discovery, it provides a valuable resource for researchers studying clinical diagnosis, drug development, bio-analytical chemistry, proteomics and biochemistry. It is also useful for those conducting clinical and biological studies for targeted drug development. The methodologies and approaches can be applied to other markers, and the information will be helpful in the preparation of research grant applications.
Diabetes and Hypertension : Evaluation and Management
Platelet dysfunction in diabetes : impact of hyperglycemia and GPIIb/IIIa inhibition
Diabetes : a practical approach
Medical management of type 1 diabetes
Preclinical type 1 diabetes : natural course and predictive characteristics in siblings of affected children
Exercise your way to health : type 2 diabetes : ecercise plans to improve your life
Progressive elements in type 2 diabetes : studies on secondary failure and diabetic complications
Diabetes and noncommunicable disease risk factor surveys : a field guide
Blood sugar : inspiring recipes for anyone facing the challenge of diabetes and maintaining good health
Clinical diabetes : an illustrated text
International textbook of diabetes mellitus. Vol. 1
Reversing diabetes : food plan + 70 delicious recipes
Medical management of type 2 diabetes
Advanced human nutrition
Relationship between the rate of gestational weight gain and overweight in offspring at the age of 3 years
The diabetic foot
Studies on selected human obesity candidate genes : genetic variation and adipose tissue expression
Care and outcome of Finnish diabetic pregnancy
Advances in endocrine disorders
Dietary intake of fruit and vegetables and risk of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases
The high risk foot in diabetes mellitus
Clinical care of the diabetic foot
Diabetes : proceedings of the IX congress of the International Diabetes Federation, New Delhi, October 31 - November 5, 1976
Fifth Congress of the International Diabetes Federation, Toronto, July 20-24, 1964 : abstracts of papers
