http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8301 liturgics
liturgics
Animal rites : liturgies of animal care
Liturgy and hermeneutics
In this follow-up to "The Kingdom and the Glory" and "The Highest Poverty," Agamben investigates the roots of our moral concept of duty in the theory and practice of Christian liturgy. Beginning with the New Testament and working through to late scholasticism and modern papal encyclicals, Agamben traces the Church's attempts to repeat Christ's unrepeatable sacrifice. Crucial here is the paradoxical figure of the priest, who becomes more and more a pure instrument of God's power, so that his own motives and character are entirely indifferent as long as he carries out his priestly duties. In modernity, Agamben argues, the Christian priest has become the model ethical subject. We see this above all in Kantian ethics. Contrasting the Christian and modern ontology of duty with the classical ontology of being, Agamben contends that Western philosophy has unfolded in the tension between the two. This latest installment in the study of Western political structures begun in "Homo Sacer" is a contribution to the study of liturgy, an extension of Nietzsche's genealogy of morals, and a reworking of Heidegger's history of Being.
The church at prayer : an introduction to the liturgy. Volume 1, Principles of the liturgy
Journey to the kingdom : an insider's look at the liturgy and beliefs of the Eastern Orthodox church
Mediating mysteries, understanding liturgies : on bridging the gap between liturgy and systemactic theology
For nearly a century On the Historical Development of the Liturgy has been valued by specialists in the field of liturgical studies, both for its description of comparative liturgy and for the portrayal of patterns Baumstark discerns in liturgical development. Also significant are the hypotheses Baumstark proposes and the evidence he brings to bear on problems in liturgical history. In this annotated edition, Fritz West provides the first English translation of this work by Anton Baumstark. --
The new Westminster dictionary of liturgy and worship
Mapping uncharted territory in the study of liturgy's past, this book offers a history to contemporary questions around gender and liturgical life. It looks at liturgy's past through the lens of gender history, understood as attending not only to the historically prominent binary of 'men' and 'women' but to all gender identities.
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
Liturgies for Christian unity : the first hundred years [1908-2008]
The liturgical subject : subject, subjectivity, and the human person in contemporary liturgical discussion and critique
The garments of salvation : Orthodox Christian liturgical vesture
The Eucharistic liturgies : their evolution and interpretation
On liturgical theology : the Hale Memorial Lectures of Seabury-Western Theological Seminary, 1981
Divine liturgies : human problems in Byzantium, Armenia, Syria and Palestine
Women, ritual, and liturgy = Ritual und Liturgie von Frauen = Femmes, la liturgie et le rituel
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
The urban character of Christian worship : the origins, development, and meaning of stational liturgy
Worship in scripture and tradition : essays by members of the theological commission on worship (North American Section) of the Commission on Faith and Order of the World Council of Churches
Redemptive transformation in practical theology : essays in honor of James E. Loder, Jr
The mystery we celebrate, the song we sing : a theology of liturgical music
Lights in darkness : forerunners of the Liturgical Movement
The presanctified liturgy in the Byzantine rite : a comparative analysis of its origins, evolution, and structural components
Liturgy and life : lectures and essays on Christian development through liturgical experience
Baptism : ancient liturgies and patristic texts
Memory and liturgy : the place of memory in the composition and practice of liturgy
From age to age : how Christians have celebrated the Eucharist
Imagining the kingdom : how worship works
Continuity and change in Christian worship : papers read at the 1997 Summer Meeting and the 1998 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Holy communion rites in the Polish and Lithuanian reformed agendas of the 16th and early 17th centuries
Holy people : a liturgical ecclesiology
History of the liturgy : the major stages
Iconography and ritual : a study of analytical perspectives
Bodies of worship : explorations in theory and practice
The Typikon decoded : an explanation of Byzantine liturgical practice
A new song for the Lord : faith in Christ and liturgy today
Christ in the Eucharist : al-Masīḥ fī sirr al-Afkhāristiyā
A new dictionary of liturgy & worship
Ritual and pastoral care
Ancient Christian worship : early church practices in social, historical, and theological perspective
Consecrating the world : on mundane liturgical theology
Liturgy and empire : faith in exile and political theology
Chant is finding a new and widespread audience throughout the world today. Gregorian Chant brings together two of the forces that have fueled this modern-day chant revival: The Abbey of Saint Peter of Solesmes, France, and the late Dr. Mary Berry, who translated this unique work.bA compact and scholarly book, Gregorian Chant offers a fascinating tour through chant's historical and musical origins, showing the role that chant plays in the history and liturgy of the Western church. Broad themes are discussed, such as the Divine Office and the Mass, but also detailed subjects such as psalmody, cantillation, modes, and pivotal chant manuscripts. Gregorian Chant tells the story of how this unique form of music and worship functions - and has the power to enhance and revitalize worship.
God's house is our house : re-imagining the environment for worship
Liturgical subjects : Christian ritual, biblical narrative, and the formation of the self in Byzantium
Christian symbol and ritual : an introduction
An introduction to the post-Tridentine Mass proper. Part 1, Text
What are the essentials of Christian worship?
Chants of the byzantine rite : the Italo-Albanian tradition in sicily = Canti Ecclesiastici Della Tradizione Italo-Albanese in Sicilia
What does "multicultural" worship look like?
Desiring the kingdom : worship, worldview, and cultural formation
The liturgical ministry of deacons
Primary sources of liturgical theology : a reader
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
Orthodox feasts of Jesus Christ & the Virgin Mary : liturgical texts with commentary
Christian liturgy : theology and practice. 1, Systematic theology of liturgy
Introduction to liturgical theology
Christian worship : an introductory outline
The origins of the liturgical year
Meeting mystery : liturgy, worship, sacraments
Social science research methods in contemporary liturgical research : an introduction
The shape of the liturgy
Death our future : Christian theology and pastoral practice in funeral ministry
How does the liturgy speak of God?
Liturgies of the Western church
The Bible and the church fathers : the liturgical context of patristic exegesis
The organic development of the liturgy : the principles of liturgical reform and their relation to the twentieth-century liturgical movement prior to the second Vatican Council
The nature of Christian worship
Studies in Armenian literature and Christianity
"Prevailing winds" : an analysis of the liturgical inculturation efforts of Karl Ludwig Reichelt
A history of the Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom. Vol. 6, The communion, thanksgiving, and concluding rites
The byzantine hierarchal divine liturgy in Arsenij Suxanov's Proskinitarij : text, translation, and analysis of the entrance rites
The sanctus in the eucharistic prayer
What is changing in eucharistic practice?
Liturgical theology : the church as worshiping community
The blessing of waters and Epiphany : the Eastern liturgical tradition
Liturgical works
A living tradition : on the intersection of liturgical history and pastoral practice
Anamnesis as dangerous memory : political and liturgical theology in dialogue
The feast of faith : approaches to a theology of the liturgy
The school of the church : worship and Christian formation
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 1, Introduction to the liturgy
Worship traditions in Armenia and the neighboring Christian East : an international symposium in honor of the 40th anniversary of St. Nersess Armenian Seminary
Tasting heaven on earth : worship in sixth-century Constantinople
The orthodox understanding of the ministry
The Lay folks mass book or The manner of hearing mass, with rubrics and devotions for the people, in four texts, and offices in English according to the use of York
Orthodox Lent, Holy Week and Easter : liturgical texts with commentary
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
Trained in classical and oriental philology, Anton Baumstark (1872-1948) was prodigious as a scholar studying the literature, art, and liturgy of the whole church--Oriental, Eastern, and Western. Comparative liturgy, his method for studying the historical development of the liturgy as an organism, has had a lasting influence, notably on the liturgical study of the Christian East. --Book Jacket.
An Interpretation of the divine liturgy based on actual events and experiences of holy priests, monks and lay people
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
Studies in early Christian liturgy and its context
A history of the Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom. Vol. 4, The Diptychs
Aspects of the liturgical year in Cappadocia (325-430)
Foundations in ritual studies : a reader for students of Christian worship
What is "contemporary" worship?
“The liturgist is a general practitioner who sees a lot in his practice and for whom virtually everything is important”. The phrase from the Introduction to the book offers a useful starting point for understanding what the authors essentially want to convey. While much may be important, this volume addresses specifically the relation between liturgy and mystery. Many of the contributing authors recognise the bodied reality of mystery as crucial to the “health” of liturgical relationship. The contributors acknowledge that neither the “practitioner” as liturgist, nor the theologian alone can provide the necessary “life-giving connections” that help mediate between liturgy and mystery. Thus, the skills and knowledge from various liturgical traditions and denominations are utilised to explore: (1) the gospels and Christ event, (2) the ongoing process of tradition through verbal and non-verbal means, (3) the transparency of mystery itself, (4) the partaking in the Mystery through the links with other areas and commitments of life, and (5) the revision of the classical approach to the relationship between liturgy and systematic theology. This paired liturgical and theological investigation ultimately opens ways for understanding what liturgy itself is, and what theology maybe should be.
"Anamnesis as Dangerous Memory explores the political theology of Johann Baptist Metz to discover how Christian memory is prophetic both in its revelation of extraordinary circumstances of injustice and the challenge and hope it poses to those who join in solidarity with the oppressed. Liturgical theologian Alexander Schmemann then elaborates how the liturgy reveals the kingdom of God and empowers believers to witness to it. The meeting of these theologies results in a rich eschatology, a life shaped by the vision of a future that fulfills the promises of the past."--BOOK JACKET.
Worship among Lutherans : Northfield statement on worship, 1983 : Tantur report on worship, 1983
The liturgical homilies of Narsai
Liturgical music as ritual symbol : a case study of Jacques Berthier's Taizé music
Gender differences and the making of liturgical history : lifting a veil on liturgy's past
Discourse in ritual studies
The Spirit in worship, worship in the Spirit
Worship : a primer in Christian ritual
Sacraments and worship : the sources of Christian theology
Byzantine liturgical reform : a study of liturgical change in the Byzantine tradition
Liturgy in dialogue : essays in memory of Roland Jasper
Opus Dei : an archaeology of duty
What are the ethical implications of worship?
Desiring the Kingdom focuses education around the themes of liturgy, formation, and desire. The author contends--as did Augustine--that human beings are "desiring agents"; in other words, we are what we love. Postmodern culture, far from being "secular," is saturated with liturgy, but in places such as malls, stadiums, and universities. While these structures influence us, they do not point us to the best of ends. Smith aims to move beyond a focus on "worldview" to see Christian education as a counter-formation to these secular liturgies. His ultimate purpose is to re-vision Christian education as a formative process that redirects our desire toward God's kingdom and its vision of flourishing. --from publisher descriptioin
On the historical development of the liturgy
Theologia prima : what is liturgical theology?
A commentary on the divine liturgy
Beyond the prosaic : renewing the Liturgical Movement
The Holy Week : a liturgical explanation for the days of Holy Week
On the liturgy. Vol. 1, Books 1-2
To glorify God : essays on modern reformed liturgy
The Divine Liturgy : A commentary in the light of the fathers
The active participation revisited = La participation active : 100 ans apres Pie X et 40 ans apres Vatican II
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Gregorian chant : a guide to the history and liturgy
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
In 1921, Anton Baumstark delivered two lectures on the development of the Roman Rite to a gathering at the Abbey of Maria Laach. Abbot Ildefons Herwegen offered to publish those lectures, but Baumstark decided to write a book on the topic instead, which was published two years later as On the Historical Development of the Liturgy. It would be another sixteen years before he produced Comparative Liturgy, for which he is better known. Together the two books lay out Baumstark's liturgical methodology. Comparative Liturgy presents his method; On the Historical Development of the Liturgy offers his model. --
Holy things : a liturgical theology
Many tables : the Eucharist in the New Testament and liturgy today
Liturgical calendars, saints, and services in medieval England
God against religion : rethinking Christian theology through worship
Eucharistic sacramentality in an ecumenical context : the Anglican epiclesis
The Church of the Holy Spirit
Doxology : the praise of God in worship, doctrine and life : a systematic theology
A common book of church hymns : divine liturgy
The Orthodox liturgy : being the divine liturgies of S. John Chrysostom and S. Basil the Great and the divine office of the presanctified gifts, together with the ordering of the holy and divine liturgy, the office of preparation for the Holy Communion, the prayers of thanksgiving after the Holy Communion
New creation : a liturgical worldview
SCM studyguide to liturgy
The study of liturgy
What language shall I borrow? : the Bible and Christian worship
The drama of the rite : worship, liturgy and theatre performance
The precommunion rites
The liturgical year
A history of the sacred musical life of an Orthodox church in America
The church at prayer : an introduction to the liturgy. Volume 4, The liturgy and time
Living the Liturgy : a practical guide for participating in the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Christian feast and festival : the dynamics of western liturgy and culture
The landscape of praise : readings in liturgical renewal
Worship as repentance : Lutheran liturgical traditions and Catholic consensus
