http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8305 hematology
hematology
Erythropoiesis and vasculogenesis in embryoid bodies lacking visceral yolk sac endoderm
Hematology : a pathophysiologic approach
Wintrobe's clinical hematology
Color atlas of hematology : practical microscopic and clinical diagnosis
Atlas of hematology
Understanding laboratory investigations : a text for nurses and health care professionals
Nopho : 15th Annual Meeting, 8-10 June 1997 Kuopio, Finland
Pediatric hematology/oncology secrets
Williams manual of hematology
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Ideal for identifying cells at the microscope, this atlas covers the basics of hematologic morphology, including examination of the peripheral blood smear, basic maturation of the blood cell lines, and discussions of a variety of clinical disorders. Over 400 photographs, schematic diagrams, and electron micrographs illustrate hematology from normal cell maturation to the development of various pathologies.
Review manual to Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods : twenty-first edition
Linne & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Lineage specifity in haematological neoplasms [review]
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol. 1-2
A color atlas and instruction manual of peripheral blood cell morphology
Effects of formalin treatment on the blood composition of salmon (Salmo salar) and rainbow trout (Salmo gairdneri)
Clinical immunology & serology : a laboratory perspective
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol. 1
Hematology : basic principles and practice
Nathan and Oski's hematology and oncology of infancy and childhood. Vol. 1
Atlas of haematology
Clinical hematology atlas
Hematology. Volume 3
Pocket atlas of hematology : morphological diagnosis for the clinician
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Essentials of veterinary hematology
Hematology for the medical student
Essentials in hematology and clinical pathology
Clinical hematology : theory and procedures
The influence of electric shock and adrenalin injections on the leukopoiesis and the erythropoiesis : a contribution to the problem of a neurovegetative regulation of the hematopoiesis
Cytology and hematology of the horse
Practical microscopic hematology : a manual for the clinical laboratory and clinical practice
Hematology and Coagulation : a comprehensive review for board preparation, certification and clinical practice
Anti-D in midwifery : panacea or paradox?
Schalm's veterinary hematology
International journal of laboratory hematology
Blood Cells and hematology
Atlas of clinical hematology
Direct demonstration of lineage specificity in hematologic neoplasms
Nathan and Oski's hematology of infancy and childhood
Basic & applied concepts of blood banking and transfusion practices
Clinical laboratory science review
Linné & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Interrelations between receptor expression, respiratory burst, and phagocytosis
Haematology provides a broad-ranging overview of the study of blood, the dynamic fluid that interfaces with all organs and tissues to mediate essential transport and regulatory functions. Written with the needs of the biomedical scientist centre-stage, it provides a firm grounding in the physiology of blood, and the key pathophysiological states that can arise. It demonstrates throughout how an understanding of the physiology underpins the key investigations carried out by a biomedical scientist to forge a clear link between science and practice. The Online Resource Centre to accompany Haematology features: For registered adopters of the book:Figures from the book, available to downloadFor students:An interactive Digital Microscope, encouraging the exploration of tissue samplesSelf-assessment modules to help you to check and reinforce understanding of the basic science introduced in each volumeVideo podcasts including interviews with practicing biomedical scientists, and 'in the lab' footage showing biomedical science in practice"--Provided by publisher.
Changes in haematocrit values in blood samples treated with and without oxygen: a comparative study with four salmonid species
Hematology for students
Nathan and Oski's hematology and oncology of infancy and childhood. Vol. 2
A guide to laboratory investigations
Diagnostic hematology : clinical and technical principles
Seminars in hematology
Bone marrow pathology
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol. 2
Technical Basis of Radiation Therapy : Practical Clinical Applications
Lecture notes on haematology
The blood system is multi-scale, from the organism to the organs to cells to intracellular signaling pathways to macromolecule interactions. Blood consists of circulating cells, cellular fragments (platelets and microparticles), and plasma macromolecules. Blood cells and their fragments result from a highly-ordered process, hematopoiesis. Definitive hematopoiesis occurs in the bone marrow, where pluripotential stem cells give rise to multiple lineages of highly specialized cells. Highly-productive and continuously regenerative, hematopoiesis requires a microenvironment of mesenchymal cells and blood vessels. A Systems Biology Approach to Blood is divided into three main sections: basic components, physiological processes, and clinical applications. Using blood as a window, one can study health and disease through this unique tool box with reactive biological fluids that mirrors the prevailing hemodynamics of the vessel walls and the various blood cell types. Many blood diseases, rare and common can and have been exploited using systems biology approaches with successful results and therefore ideal models for systems medicine. More importantly, hematopoiesis offers one of the best studied systems with insight into stem cell biology, cellular interaction, development; linage programing and reprograming that are every day influenced by the most mature and understood regulatory networks.
International journal of pediatric hematology/oncology
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Williams Hematology
Manual of clinical hematology
Wintrobe's clinical hematology. Vol.2
Hematology : a combined theoretical and technical approach
Immunohematology for medical laboratory technicians
Oxford handbook of clinical haematology
Anderson's atlas of hematology
Haematology : an illustrated colour text
Clinical hematology : principles, procedures, correlations
Clinical laboratory hematology
Clinical haematology
Laboratory procedures for veterinary technicians
Diagnostic cytology and hematology of the horse
Esphi 93 : program and abstracts
Hematology in clinical practice
Clinical implications of chromosome aberrations in hematologic neoplasia
Anderson's electronic atlas of hematology
This well-received book, now in its fifth edition, is unique in providing a detailed description of the technological basis of radiation therapy. Another novel feature is the collaborative writing of the chapters by North American and European authors. This considerably broadens the book’s perspective and increases its applicability in daily practice throughout the world. The book is divided into two sections. The first covers basic concepts in treatment planning, including essential physics and biological principles related to time-dose-fractionation, and explains the various technological approaches to radiation therapy, such as intensity-modulated radiation therapy, tomotherapy, stereotactic radiotherapy, and high and low dose rate brachytherapy. Issues relating to quality assurance, technology assessment, and cost-benefit analysis are also reviewed. The second part of the book discusses in depth the practical clinical applications of the different radiation therapy techniques in a wide range of cancer sites. All of the chapters have been written by leaders in the field. This book will serve to instruct and acquaint teachers, students, and practitioners in the various fields of oncology with the basic technological factors and approaches in radiation therapy.
Haematology and immunology
Clinical hematology and fundamentals of hemostasis
Hematology in clinical practice : a guide to diagnosis and management
"Now in its Fifth Edition, Clinical Hematology covers the theory and procedures involved in the medical diagnosis and treatment of various disorders of the blood and bone marrow. Presented in a highly readable and engaging format, this text is ideally suited for the two-year MLT student. Procedures are organized to adhere to the format suggested by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI). This fully updated Fifth Edition includes the latest CLSI standards and guidelines. A new full-color art program will engage the reader. Ancillaries include a free online Lab Manual that offers learning and review activities to promote understanding"--Provided by publisher.
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
Hematology : clinical principles and applications
This handbook continues to provide the core knowledge needed in clinical practice for the diagnosis and management of patients with disorders of the blood. Major advances in the specialty have been reflected in this thoroughly revised new edition. Differential diagnoses, relevant investigations and management guidelines are covered.
Blood and bone marrow morphology : blood coagulation : a manual
Atlas of veterinary hematology : blood and bone marrow of domestic animals
Haematology : picture tests
Separation of hemoglobin acetaldehyde adducts by high-peformance liquid chromatography-cation-exchange chromatography
"With the 13th edition of "Wintrobe's Clinical Hematology", Dr. Greer brings forth another text that bridges the gap between the clinical practice of hematology and the basic foundations of science. Revised to include a greater emphasis placed on biology and pathophysiology, this book offers the reader a clear understanding of the relationship between basic molecular biology and every aspect of the clinical practice of hematology. Coupled with this comprehensive overview, Dr. Greer presents a clear focus on clinical diagnosis and treatment of disease. Dr. Greer has added 7 entirely new chapters that are concisely reduced and dived in order to present more focused material. Additionally, the text provides a special section dedicated to transplantation, international editors, and over 1,400 full-color illustrations. This latest edition is an excellent resource for anyone studying Hemotology, Oncology, Internal Medicine, or Pathology. Features: 30% of the chapters have additional or new contributors, greater emphasis on molecular genetics and pathophysiology, increased number of hematopathology illustrations, diagrams, figures, standard and electron micrographs, algorithms, schemas, and protocols--all in color, 4-color halftones and 2-color computer generated illustrations spread throughout the book to reinforce understanding and application of method. The last three new chapters are entirely dedicated to Transplantation"--Provided by publisher.
Basic & applied concepts of immunohematology
Problem solving in haematology
Veterinary hematology and clinical chemistry
NOPHO, Nordic Society of Pediatric Hematology and Oncology 24th annual meeting ; NOBOS, Nordic Society of Pediatric Oncology Nurses 6th meeting : 6-9 May 2006 Tampere, Finland : programme and abstracts
A Systems biology approach to blood
Haematology at a glance
Immunohematology : principles and practice
Hematology case review
Microscopic haematology : a practical guide for the laboratory
Harrison's hematology and oncology
Two Ó-chain hemoglobin variants, Hb broussais and Hb cemenelum, characterized by cation-exchange HPLC, isoelectric focusing, and peptide sequencing
Bethesda handbook of clinical hematology
Laboratory hematology practice
Medical talk and medical work : the liturgy of the clinic
