http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8302 private law
private law
Law-Decree no. 13 of 1979 on private international law
Commercial trusts in European private law
Democracy and (European) private law : a functional approach
Bibliographie relative aux travaux de la Conférence (1945-1985) : mise à jour au 31 décembre 1985 = Bibliography relating to the work of the Conference (1945-1985) : up to date as of 31 December 1985.
The european codification process : cut and paste
Gesammelte Schriften = Collected works
Enforcement of foreign trusts in Finland
The study group on a european civil code
English private law
Electronic commerce : a challenge to private law?
Soviet private international law
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 4, Property: bills and notes : inheritance : trusts : Application of foreign law : intertemporal relations
Choice of law and conflict of laws
Law and economics. Vol. 3, Other areas of private and public law
Corrective justice
European private law : a handbook
Personal security (PEL Pers. Sec.)
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws
Human rights in private law
Law among nations : an introduction to public international law
EU private international law
Intellectual property in the global arena : jurisdiction, applicable law, and the recognition of judgments in Europe, Japan and the US
The Swedish conflict of laws
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol 1, Introduction : family law
English private law : first uppdating supplement
Private international law in China
Recueil des conventions (1951-1988) = Collection of conventions (1951-1988)
Leage's Roman private law founded on the Institutes of Gaius and Justinian
Polarized law (with an English translation of the Hague conventions on private international law) : three lectures on conflicts of law, delivered at the University of London
Dimensions of private law : Categories and concepts in Anglo-American legal reasoning
Bibliographie des traductions des codes de droit privé des états membres du Conseil de l'Europe et la Conférence de la Haye de droit international privé = Bibliography of translations of codes of private law in member states of the Council of Europe and the Hague Conference on Private International law
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws. 1. supplement to the 12. edition
The war on privacy
General principles of European private law and the theory of legal pluralism
Public international law : comments on the Helms-Burton act
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 3, Special obligations : modification and discharge of obligations
La valeur du témoignage en droit civil = The probative value of testimony in private law
Rights without duties? : reflections on the state of liability law in the multilevel governance system of the community: is there a need for a more coherent approach in European private law?
Essays in private international law
Conflict of laws
German private and commercial law : an introduction
Private international law
Cases and materials on private international law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Business and private organizations : Chapter 8 : Associationss
Marriage and divorce in a multicultural context : multi-tiered marriage and the boundaries of civil law and religion
Selected essays. Vol. 2, One law : on jurisprudence and the unification of law
MBA fundamentals business law
Rules for the transfer of movables : a candidate for European harmonisation or national reforms?
'Integrity-anxiety' and the European constitutionalization of private law
Latin American law : a history of private law and institutions in Spanish America
Regulatory function of European private law
Selected readings on conflict of laws
New directions in comparative law
Some legal consequences of the accidental destruction of goods
Marriage litigation in medieval England
Private international law : a comparative treatise on American international conflicts law, including the law of admiralty. 2 Special part : jurisdiction, judgments, persons (family)
Restrictive covenants : a comparative study in drafting for enforceability
Civil code of the Russian Federation
Philosophy of private law
Philosophy of law : a five-volume anthology of scholarly articles. Volume 5, Private law theory
Cheshire and North private international law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 2, The legal systems of the world their comparison and unification : chapter 5, the international unification of private law
Rupture in private international law: the effect of state succession
The English conflict of laws
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 3, Private international law : Fundamental approaches
Principles of Scottish private law. 3
The idea of private law
Introduction to English law
The international civil engineering contract : a commentary on the F.I.D.I.C. international standard form of civil engineering and building contract
Cheshire's Private international law
Torts in the conflict of laws : a comparative study
What has been done, what is going on, what is to be expected: principles, model laws, regulations or ...?
The conflict of laws
Steps towards more effective antitrust system in EU : Damages Directive's effect on victim's right to compensation for antitrust harm
Cases and materials on conflict of laws
General principles of EU civil law
The principle of legitimate expectations as a basic principle of community private law
Introduction to comparative law
Regulation of international finance
Liber amicorum Guido Alpa : private law beyond the national systems
The International protection of adults
Private security and the law
The Cambridge lectures : selected papers based upon lectures delivered at the Cambridge Conference of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Legal Studies, 1979
Dicey, Morris and Collins on the conflict of laws
Private law in the EU: harmonised or fragmented Europeanisation?
American-Brazilian private international law
Private international law in Finland : an outline
International conversion of companies in the European Union
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Business and private organizations : Introduction
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws : second supplement to the thirteenth edition up-to-date to March 1, 2002.
Harmonisation of European private law - the need to respect all involved actors
The new European private law : essays on the future of private law in Europe
The civil code of the Russian Federation : parts 1 and 2. Parts 1 and 2
Selected Readings in Chinese Legal System
The general principles of conflict of laws : with the exclusion of the special principles relative to the law of persons, property, succession and obligations
The people, the environment, and the company : an examination of the tripartite dimesions of priorities relating to business judgments in multinational business organisations
Principles of Scottish private law. 2
China's civil law
The making of European private law : why, how, what, who
Interpretation in Polish, German and European private law
The influence of the Hague conference on private international law : selected essays to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Hague conference on private international law
Handbook of the conflict of laws
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Three discussions on the conflict of laws : theory and comments on fundamental principles
Basic concepts of Greek civil law
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
Indian private international law
Statutes and conventions on private international law
Introduction: harmonization and national cultures
Blackstone's statutes on evidence
Civil law at your fingertips
"New dynamics in comparative law" which was held at the University of Örebro in May 2007--Preface.
Private law in theory and practice
Comments on form and "substance"
An economic analysis of private international law
Cases on private international law
Studies in Roman private law
Harmonisation of private law : natural convergence vs the community's strategy
Public policy and ordre public
Multicultural society and private law : German experiences
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
Australian private international law
Private international law in mainland China, Taiwan and Europe
What has been done, what is going on, what is to be expected: principles, model laws, regulations or ...? : eurooppalainen siviilioikeus
Greek civil code
General principles of Scots law
Cross-border civil procedural regulation in the EU: is a genuine area of justice emerging?
Societal constitutionalism and the politics of the common
International civil litigation in United States courts : commentary and materials
The Foundations of European private law
The principle on employee protection in a merger and a transfer of an undertaking
Agency in private international law : the Hague Convention on the law applicable to agency
Need-rationality in private law?
British colonial law : a comparative study of the interaction between English and local laws in British dependencies
This work has become a key point of reference on English private law for lawyers in the UK and throughout the world. Readers will find a lucid, concise, and authoritative overview of all the key areas of private law. Each section is written by an acknowledged expert, who provides a clear distillation and analysis of the subject. The 3rd edition includes all the recent developments since the publication of the 2nd edition in 2007.
History and principles of Roman private law
Negligence in the civil law
Conflict of laws in a globalized world
European private law beyond the Common Frame of Reference : essays in honour of Reinhard Zimmermann
Nationalism and private law in Europe
Principles of Scottish private law. 4
Introduction to Italian law
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Three discussions on the conflict of laws : Theory and comments on fundamental principles
The right of privacy
Delegation of governmental power to private parties : a comparative perspective
The new Russian Civil Code of 1994
An introduction to history of Czech private law
Cheshire and North's private international law
Characterization in the conflict of laws
Constructing modern European private law : a hybrid system
Making European law : essays on the "Common Core" project
Making European private law : governance design
An introduction to the comparative study of private law : readings, cases, materials
Adoption : the modern law
The international civil engineering contract. 1. supplement : comprising commentary on the 3. ed. of contract (international) for works of civil engineering construction with forms of tender and agreement
Tacit knowledge: a negletted source of private law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Private international law : Chapter 1 : Introduction
Relevance of the Cold War for Russian jurisprudence : private law
The common core of European private law : essays on the project
Private international law : a comparative treatise on American international conflicts law, including the law of admiralty. [1], General part
The Civil Code and the Code of Civil Procedure of the RSFSR 1964
An historical introduction to private law
Restatement of the law of conflict of laws
History and European private law : development of common methods and principles
Doubt develops where certainty ceases : foreign law in domestic courts
Constitutionalisation of private law
