http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8317 streets
streets
The landscape below ground : proceedings of an International workshop on tree root development in urban soils
A street through time
The streets of Liverpool
Street art world
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
Politics of commemoration on the streets of 1920s Helsinki
New York City : Manhattan moods
Streets and the shaping of towns and cities
Conservation guidelines. No. 9, Paving & street furniture
Graffiti planet : the best graffiti from around the world
Street art
Panorama Nevskogo prospekta : litografii, vypolnennye I. A. Ivanovym i P. S. Ivanovym po akvarelâm V. S. Sadovnikova v 1830-1835 godah = Panorama of Nevsky Prospect
Snowthrower : service manual
New archaeological excavations in Viipuri : results of field investigations of the 1998-2001 seasons and current research problems of urban history
Street furniture
Street names of London
Medieval roads and tracks
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Jing cheng hu tong liu zhen = Life in hutongs : Through intricate alleyways in Beijing
Paris in love
Peppercorn Street
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
The nonsuch king
To see and to be seen : beauty in the early modern London street
Streets for people : a primer for Americans
Household fuel and garbage combustion, street vending activities and adverse pregnancy outcomes:evidence from urban Ghana
Street art : from around the world
Mastering street photography
Street art : characters = personajes
Street knowledge
Panorama of Nevsky prospekt = Panorama de la perspective Nevski = Panorama Nevskogo prospekta : reproductions of lithographs after water-colours by V. Sadovnikov
How clients perceive the functioning of Tapionkatu Health Centre : a quantitative study
American graffiti
Wind-Solar Hybrid Streetlights
Happy graffiti : street art with heart
Referat.
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Streets for people
The street photographer's manual
John Tallis's London street views 1838-1840, together with the revised and enlarged views of 1847
Street cleaning simulator : PC CD-ROM
Street capital : Black cannabis dealers in a white welfare state
Street photography : from Atget to Cartier-Bresson
London street photography 1860-2010 : selected from the Museum of London collection
Operational plan for the prevention of acute street dust problems
London street names
"This book takes the unique housing typology of the Shanghai alleyway house and discusses its role in Shanghai life. Gregory Bracken examines the architecture and history of the alleyway house, its part in the city's cultural and social development, it's portrayal in Chinese film and literature and the future of this unique urban dwelling as Shanghai's rapid redevelopment threatens to destroy the alleyway house, and therefore a slice of Chinese architectural and cultural history, altogether"--
Transport for disabled people : a review of provisions and standards for journey planning and pedestrian access
Street vendors in the historic centre of Lima : utilitarian space versus a museum city
Vanishing street furniture
Notes from Russia
The Saint Zita Society
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Pathfinder flip-mat classics: City streets
The street
Plätze : Plätze und städtische Freiräume von 1993 bis heute = Urban squares : recent European promenades, squares and city centres
The Northern Esplanade of Helsinki and the Bolshaya Konyushennaya of St Petersburg : an analysis of street life in two central historical streets
PM10 concentrations in urban ambient air : Trends in Helsinki and Tampere from 2006 to 2010
Trash
Roads
Footprint reading library. The exciting  streets of Barcelona
On the street : 1980-1990 : photographs
Growing big in the streets : Lusaka's street youths' voices of poverty in the streets
Child in the street : project
Training days : the subway artists then and now
Pedestrian areas : from malls to complete networks
Passing the hat
Banksy locations and tours : a collection of graffiti locations and photographs in London
As New York Citys transportation commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan managed the seemingly impossible and transformed the streets of one of the worlds greatest, toughest cities into dynamic spaces safe for pedestrians and bikers. Her approach was dramatic and effective: Simply painting a part of the street to make it into a plaza or bus lane not only made the street safer, but it also lessened congestion and increased foot traffic, which improved the bottom line of businesses. Real-life experience confirmed that if you know how to read the street, you can make it function better by not totally reconstructing it but by reallocating the space thats already there.  Breaking the street into its component parts, Streetfight demonstrates, with step-by-step visuals, how to rewrite the underlying source code of a street, with pointers on how to add protected bike paths, improve crosswalk space, and provide visual cues to reduce speeding. Achieving such a radical overhaul wasnt easy, and Streetfight pulls back the curtain on the battles Sadik-Khan won to make her approach work. She includes examples of how this new way to read the streets has already made its way around the world, from pocket parks in Mexico City and Los Angeles to more pedestrian-friendly streets in Auckland and Buenos Aires, and innovative bike-lane designs and plazas in Austin, Indianapolis, and San Francisco. Many are inspired by the changes taking place in New York City and are based on the same techniques. Streetfight deconstructs, reassembles, and reinvents the street, inviting readers to see it in ways they never imagined.
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
"This volume brings together research on retailing and shopping and their embeddedness in urban space, themes that have attracted wide interest in recent decades. Addressing these themes over an era that bridges the early modern and modern period, the authors argue that the 'modernity' of the nineteenth century is often overemphasised, at the expense of recognising the continuities with the earlier period and the degree of innovation that took place before the onset of 'modernity'. This collection compares long-term developments in retail locations, retailing formats, regulation of shopping streets, and the cult of shopping for pleasure across a number of neighbouring countries and regions (Britain, France, Germany, Belgium and The Netherlands), and offers surprising new insights into the processes of cultural transfer, appropriation and exchange. "--
Italian pavements : patterns in space
The insurgent barricade
The city-text in post-communist Budapest : street names, memorials, and the politics of commemoration
Elements & total concept of urban street furniture design
Twisted Symmetry
" Unreeling like a series of film clips recorded during a stroll through Paris, Raymond Queneau's Hitting the Streets is wickedly funny. It is also a bittersweet meditation on the effects of time and memory. Hitting the Streets is Queneau's love letters to Paris – a Paris that is always in the process of becoming obsolete. This lively, idiomatic version is the first complete translation available in English. " -- (Carcanet)
Toll financing and private sector involvement in road infrastructure development : report
Redust : best practices in winter maintenance to reduce respirable street dust
The right to the street and the right to the city : for bread, and roses too
EverymansStreet
Street art : the spray files
Investigating local streets and shops
Interstate lovesong
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
SMM7 : standard method of measurement of building works authorised by agreement between the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and the Building Employers Confederation
Abstract (s. 4). Ececutive summary (s. 5-6).
Green infrastructure : incorporating plants and enhancing biodiversity in buildings and urban environments
Street photography now
LIPV : design of street lighting and energy concept for tomorrow
Street Scenes : learn to draw step by step
Street dust emissions in Finnish cities : summary of results from 2006-2010
Shovel ready
"As a nineteenth-century commercial development, the alleyway house was a hybrid of the traditional Chinese courtyard house and the Western terraced one. Unique to Shanghai, the alleyway house was a space where the blurring of the boundaries of public and private life created a vibrant social community. In recent years however, the city's rapid redevelopment has meant that the alleyway house is being destroyed, and this book seeks to understand it in terms of the lifestyle it engendered for those who called it home, whilst also looking to the future of the alleyway house. Based on groundwork research, this book examines the Shanghai alleyway house in light of the complex history of the city, especially during the colonial era. It also explores the history of urban form (and governance) in China in order to question how the Eastern and Western traditions combined in Shanghai to produce a unique and dynamic housing typology. Construction techniques and different alleyway house sub-genres are also examined, as is the way of life they engendered, including some of the side-effects of alleyway house life, such as the literature it inspired, both foreign and local, as well as the portrayal of life in the laneways as seen in films set in the city. The book ends by posing the question: what next for the alleyway house? Does it even have a future, and if so, what lies ahead for this rapidly vanishing typology? This interdisciplinary book will be welcomed by students and scholars of Chinese studies, architecture and urban development, as well as history and literature"--
Working with street children in Sub-Saharan Africa in the light of the child-centred perspective : promising methods and approaches with special reference to the example street children project in Zambia
The streets of London through centuries
Suggestions for developing international events in Finland : Case study: SATOA Kuopio Food Festival
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
'Street Photography Now' celebrates the work of 46 image-makers from across the globe. Included are such luminaries as Magnum grandmasters Gilden, Parr and Webb, as well as an international posse of emerging photographers. Four essays and quotes from interviews with the photographers are included--
World piecebook : global graffiti drawings
Graffiti now
Streets : critical perspectives on public space
150 years of the Bund
An acre of barren ground
Elementos urbanos : mobiliario y microarquitectura = Urban elements : furniture and microarchitecture
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Images of the street : planning, identity and control in public space
A Mersey mile
No nhu chua chôm = Indepted as Lord Chôm : the legend of the forbidden street : [Vietnamese & English]
Urban illustration Berlin : street art cityguide
Abstract.
Urban design : street and square
Abstract: Survey of prevention methods and amounts of road dust in Scandinavia and Canada as well as particle size distribution of road dust in Pori.
'To the barricades!' - The cry conjures images of angry citizens, turmoil in the streets, and skirmishes fought behind hastily improvised cover. This title presents the history of the barricade that charts the origins, development, and diffusion of a European revolutionary tradition. It traces the barricade from its beginnings onwards.
Hitting the streets = Courir les rues
City names
Factors influencing the bird community of urban wooded streets along an annual cycle
The Shanghai alleyway house : a vanishing urban vernacular
Reading street names politically
Alfie the doorstep cat
Survey of prevention methods and amounts of road dust in Scandinavia and Canada as well as particle size distribution of road dust in Pori : opinnäytetyö
The art and mechanics of landscape : aspects of the road
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Panorama of Nevsky prospekt = [Panorama de la perspective Nevski = Panorama Nevskogo prospekta ]
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Great streets
Expatriate Paris : a cultural and literary guide to Paris of the 1920s
New street art
The trouble with goats and sheep
Panorama of Nevsky Prospekt = Panorama de la Perspective Nevski = Panorama Nevskogo Prospekta : supplement = supplément = prilozenija
Graffiti Argentina : with over 500 color illustrations
