http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8310 innovativeness
innovativeness
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
The Innovation paradox : the success of failure, the failure of success
Out of our minds : learning to be creative
Characteristics of innovative, high growth and highly successful SMEs
Out of the box : 101 ideas for thinking creatively
The leader's guide to lateral thinking skills : unlocking the creativity and innovation in you and your team
Creative problem solving for managers : developing skills for decision making and innovation
Over the past seven years, in a highly unstable global economy, Cisco doubled revenue, tripled profits, and quadrupled earnings per shareIn this book, Cisco Senior Vice President Inder Sidhu explains how the company has been phenomenally successful by focusing on both innovation and new business as well as core businesses, stressing both discipline and flexibility, and winning over both customers and partners.
Pattern of innovative activities among Finnish firms
Riding the whirlwind : connecting people and organisations in a culture of innovation
Summary in Finnish.
Towards an innovative process of networked development for a new urban area :four theoretical approaches
The idea agent : the handbook on creative processes
Innovativeness measured within a triad of nations  : a suggestion for a measurement
The event of organisational entrepreneurship : disrupting the reigning order and creating new spaces for play and innovation
Intercontinental supply chain design for low-volume innovative products
Entrepreneurial ventures and the developmental state : lessons from the advanced economies
New service development : creating a framework for the management of innovation in experience based firms
The ten faces of innovation : IDEO's strategies for beating the devil's advocate & driving creativity throughout your organization
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Inside the box : a proven system of creativity for breakthrough results
Complexity and collaboration in creative group work
Theory U : leading from the future as it emerges : the social technology of presencing
The sketchnote workbook : advanced techniques for taking visual notes you can use anywhere
There is a paradox. As children, most of us think we are highly creative; as adults many of us think we are not. What changes as children grow up? Organizations across the globe are competing in a world that is changing faster than ever. They say they need people who can think creatively, who are flexible and quick to adapt. Too often they say they can't find them. Why not? In this provocative and inspiring book Ken Robinson addresses three questions: [1] Why is it essential to promote creativity? Business leaders, politicians and educators emphasize the vital importance of promoting creativity and innovation. Why does it matter so much? [2] What is the problem? Why do so many people think they are not creative? Young children are buzzing with ideas. What happens as we grow up and go through school to make us think we are not creative? [3] What can be done about it? What is creativity? What can companies, schools and organizations do to develop creativity and innovation in a deliberate and systematic way? In this extensively revised and updated version of his bestselling classic, Out of Our Minds, Ken Robinson offers a groundbreaking approach to understanding creativity in education and in business. He argues that people and organizations everywhere are dealing with problems that originate in schools and universities and that many people leave education with no idea at all of their real creative abilities. Out of Our Minds is a passionate and powerful call for radically different approaches to leadership, teaching and professional development to help us all to meet the extraordinary challenges of living and working in the 21st century. -- taken from dust jacket.
Improving innovation culture in the front end : Case Ruukki Metals Oy
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Learning to make change : developing innovation competence for recreating the African university of the 21st century
The Silicon Valley model : management for entrepreneurship
Perfect phrases for creativity and innovation : hundreds of ready-to-use phrases for breakthrough thinking, inventive problem solving, and team collaboration
Something really new : three simple steps to creating truly innovative products
Board contribution to value creation through innovation and entrepreneurial behavior : influencing the innovative posture of small and medium-sized firms in Finland
Introducing business creativity : a practical guide
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Nimble : thinking creatively in the digital age
Innovative service perspectives : proceedings from the AMA SERVSIG International Service Research Conference, Helsinki, Finland, June 7-9 2012
Innovative SMEs : towards a more holistic understanding : Mika Pasanen
Recruiting and selecting creative staff in four advertising agencies in Finland and Germany
Creativity and innovation among science and art : a discussion of the two cultures
Encyclopedia of creativity. Volume 1, A-I
Innovativeness and innovations utilizations : Oy LM Ericsson Ab
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
How to be a brilliant thinker : exercise your mind and find creative solutions
No more consultants : we know more than we think
Handbook of organizational creativity
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
Mixing Methods in Organizational Ethics and Organizational Innovativeness Research : Three Approaches to Mixed Methods Analysis
Digital literacies : social learning and classroom practices
Measuring creativity : proceedings for the conference, "Can creativity be measured?" Brussels, May 28-29, 2009
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
Innovative Learning
Innovating for people : handbook of human-centered design methods
Beyond the obvious : killer questions that spark game-changing innovation
Appetite for innovation : creativity and change at elBulli
Global entrepreneurship monitor : 2007 report, Finland
"No More Consultants' gives the reader the tools to tap into the capabilities of the organization that already exist but are as yet, inaccessible. The book shows the business managers and leaders how to drill deep inside the organization to: Make maximum use and accessibility of existing knowledge by implementing a successful tool, 'The River Diagram' (coined by the authors and extracted and developed from 'Learning to Fly'), that allows the management and leaders to see where their strengths and weaknesses lie in order to resolve an internal problem Implement this tool and create a strategy that will guide the leaders and management towards saving both time and money, illustrated using an exciting range of case studies including BP, Oracle, UNAIDS, the NHS and Nationwide Building Society. The structure of the book guides the reader in an entertaining and informative way from the issues that arise when employing an outside consultant to resolve internal issues, through the author's unique and accessible tool, onto how to gain your objectives through assessment and implementation. The visual metaphor 'The River Diagram', is a tool designed and created in-house at BP's Knowledge Management Team headed up by the authors some 15 years ago that saved the company 2billion in total. The authors use this as part of their consultancy and have had continued success- see reviews below"--Provided by publisher.
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
From idea to success : the Dartmouth entrepreneurial network's guide for start-ups
Lessons in excellence from Charlie Trotter
100 more great leadership ideas : from successful leaders and managers around the world
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
Customer stimulation in lean software develpment
The Google model : managing continuous innovation in a rapidly changing world
Influences of market orientation and trust on the innovativeness and performance of small and medium enterprises in Lithuanian tourism networks
Exploring services science : 5th International Conference, IESS 2014, Geneva, Switzerland, February 5-7, 2014, Proceedings
IDEO method cards : 51 ways to inspire design
The art of creative thinking : how to be innovative and develop great ideas
Selecting the right manufacturing improvement tools : what tool? when?
Leading innovation and change management : characteristics of innovative companies : how are the top five global innovative companies sustaining their competitive advantage?
At the chef's table : culinary creativity in elite restaurants
Age, gender and innovation : strategy program and action plans for the Baltic Sea Region
Optimisation of product change process and demand-supply chain in high tech environment
When sparks fly : harnessing the power of group creativity
This edited book will address creativity and innovation among the two cultures of science and art. Disciplines within science and art include: medicine (neurology), music therapy, art therapy, physics, chemistry, engineering, music, improvisation, education and aesthetics. This book will be the first of its kind to appeal to a broad audience of students, scholars, scientists, professionals, practitioners (physicians, psychologists, counsellors and social workers), musicians, artists, educators and administrators. In order to understand creativity and innovation across fields, the approach is multidisciplinary. While there is overlap across disciplines, unique domain specific traits exist in each field and are also discussed in addition to similarities. This book engages the reader with the comparison of similarities and differences through dialog across disciplines. Authors of each chapter address creativity and innovation from their own distinct perspective. Each chapter is transdisciplinary in approach. These perspectives entail a representation of their field through research, teaching, service and/or practice.
The Xiaomi way : customer engagement strategies that built one of the largest smartphone companies in the world
The art of creative thinking
Stratefic entrepreneurship : innovation practices in entertainment industry
Consumer innovation in Finland : incidence, diffusion and policy implications
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
Developing strategic innovation capability of enterprises : theoretical and methodological outlines of intervention
Innovator's dilemmas - two case studies about difficulty of giving birth to technological innovation
Cats : the nine lives of innovation
21st century management : leadership and innovation in the thought economy
Humanivity : innovative economic development through human growth
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
Tourism and entrepreneurship : international perspectives
Building dragons : digital transformation in the experience economy
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Doing both : how Cisco captures today's profit and drives tomorrow's growth
Community, economic creativity, and organization
Are organizational cultural distances affected by another human factor : innovativeness? Part I
Personal leadership : making a world of difference : a methodology of two principles and six practices
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Understanding creativity
The innovative leader : how to inspire your team and drive creativity
"No More Consultants' gives the reader the tools to tap into the capabilities of the organization that already exist but are as yet, inaccessible. The book shows the business managers and leaders how to drill deep inside the organization to:- Make maximum use and accessibility of existing knowledge by implementing a successful tool, 2018The River Diagram' (coined by the authors and extracted and developed from 2018Learning to Fly'), that allows the management and leaders to see where their strengths and weaknesses lie in order to resolve an internal problem - Implement this tool and create a strategy that will guide the leaders and management towards saving both time and money, illustrated using an exciting range of case studies including BP, Oracle, UNAIDS, the NHS and Nationwide Building Society. The structure of the book guides the reader in an entertaining and informative way from the issues that arise when employing an outside consultant to resolve internal issues, through the author's unique and accessible tool, onto how to gain your objectives through assessment and implementation. The visual metaphor 2018The River Diagram', is a tool designed and created in-house at BP's Knowledge Management Team headed up by the authors some 15 years ago that saved the company.
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Glow : how you can radiate energy, innovation and success
Questions and answers
Judgment on the front line : how smart companies win by trusting their people
The Rise : creativity, the gift of failure, and the search for mastery
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
Facilitating change : using interactive methods in organizations, communities and networks
Handbook of research on creativity
The role of networking in tourism companies ́ innovativeness
Towards an innovative process of networked development for a new urban area : four theoretical approaches
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
Rigg's conception of development : observations on the Finnish development cooperation policy
Understanding creativity : the interplay of biological, psychological, and social factors
The innovation handbook
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
Creating value for all through it : IFIP WG 8.6 International Conference on Transfer and Diffusion of IT, TDIT 2014, Aalborg, Denmark, June 2-4, 2014. Proceedings
Entrepreneurial marketing strategies of born globals : multiple case studies of Swedish-based firms
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
The innovator's handbook : the skills of innovative management : problem solving, communication and teamwork
Embedded lead users inside the firm : how innovative user employees contribute to the corporate product innovaion process
ICT-related intangibles and organizational innovation : indicators for improving
Riding the creative rollercoaster : how leaders evoke creativity, productivity and innovation
Seizing the white space : innovative service concepts in the United States
Suggestion plan for the Schauman service lab case : case: qualitative research on Aalto's Factories
Elon Musk : how the billionaire ceo of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our future
Innovate! : collective wisdom from innovative schools
This book presents a new management model that has evolved in Silicon Valley. The future will favor companies that can migrate to a management model, better suited for the times. The abilities to remain entrepreneurial and innovate constantly will be essential for all companies in an innovation economy. However, most firms still use industrial-age management models that are not suited to attracting and energizing entrepreneurial talent. This book imbibes latest results from a year-long study of Google's approaches to management, and finds similar principles being applied at companies including, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Tesla Motors, and Apigee. By distilling on the aspects that work across a variety of innovative firms, the authors present a synthesis that could have profound implications for managers everywhere." -- Back cover.
Just start : take action, embrace uncertainty, create the future
Creative brand launch in phamaceutical over-the-counter markets : case Burana
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
Five steps for Finland's future : a high-level round table initiated by the New Club of Paris held in Helsinki, November 11th, 2006 with and for Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen
Zero to one : notes on startups, or how to build the future
Each IDEO method card describes one method and includes a brief story about how and when to use it. The cards are divided into four categories Learn, Look, Ask, and Try making it easy to reference, browse, sort, and share the cards.
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Leadership in repetitively innovative mature companies
Finding the next Steve Jobs : how to find, keep and nurture creative talent
Innovation in luxury fashion family business : Processes and products innovation as a means of growth
The playful power of metaphor : harness the winds of creativity, innovation and possibility
Swarm intelligence : what nature teaches us about shaping creative leadership
Idea agent : leadership that liberates creativity and accelerates innovation
Financing the future : market-based innovations for growth
The microtheory of innovative entrepreneurship
Universities, funding systems, and the renewal of the industrial knowledge base : UNI project findings
Giant steps in management : creating innovations to change the way we work
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
The flight of the creative class : the new global competition for talent
Creative safety solutions
Plan for the development of an innovative workplace for the Sato Corporation
Tracing innovation practices in seaports : the ports of Klaipeda and Stockholm as case studies
Covers the definition of creativity, the development and expression of creativity across the lifespan, the environmental conditions that encourage or discourage creativity, creativity within specific disciplines like music, dance, film, art, literature, etc., the relationship of creativity and mental health, intelligence, and learning styles, and the process of being creative.
Where good ideas come from : the seven patterns of innovation
Executing innovation : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Support - a vital tool for young innovative entrepreneurs in the Barents Region : ENPI Kolarctic "Young Innovative Entrepreneurs” project study
A large number of family businesses operate in the luxury fashion sector, which shows their importance as a source of growth, development and social and economic stability. Innovation in Luxury Fashion Family Business analyses how a strategy of innovation in terms of products and processes can offer a competitive advantage to large and medium-sized family businesses operating in the industry. The book offers a business model for companies in order to manage such strategies of innovation efficiently and effectively, as well as for the purpose of educating customers to appreciate more innovative products.
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits and the art of battling giants
