http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8311 creativity
creativity
Creativity : its educational implications
Learning to be Adventurous in Business
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
Creative crafts in education
Coaching for innovation : tools and techniques for encouraging new ideas in the workplace
Creativity and the individual : summaries of selected literature in psychology and psychiatry : a McKinsey Foundation annotated bibliography
Out of our minds : learning to be creative
Creativity and its cultivation : addresses presented at the interdisciplinary symposia on creativity Michigan state university East Lansing, Michigan
Creative teaching : an approach to the achievement of educational objectives
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
Creative workshop : 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills
The fundamentals of creative photography
Bigger isn't always better : the new mindset for real business growth
The role of creative industries in national innovation system : the creative clusters of Moscow
The concept of creativity in science and art
The courage to create
Drawing on the right side of the brain : a course in enhancing creativity and artistic confidence
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
Creativity : selected readings
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Exploring the role of music therapy in attachment, identity & creativity : a case study
Guide to creative action
The dynamics of creation
Climate for creativity : report of the seventh National Research Conference on Creativity
Creative thinking : how to generate ideas and turn them into successful reality
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
Translation and craetivity
Think, play, do : technology, innovation and organization
Drawing on the artist within : an inspirational and practical guide to increasing your creative powers
Parenting and teaching the gifted
Mind mapping : kick-start your creativity and transform your life
Creative and playful learning on technology-enriched playgrounds : an international investigation
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
The creative connection : expressive arts as healing
Creativity : a slippery slogan?
How authors' minds make stories
Encyclopedia of creativity. 1, A-H
The six value medals
Ethnographic interventions : a strategy and experiments in mapping sociospatial practices
Leadership style : Impact on employee
Promoting innovativeness and creativity in organizations : facilitators of innovativeness and creativity in the front end of the innovation process - a case study
Inside the box : a proven system of creativity for breakthrough results
Creativity and personal freedom
There is a paradox. As children, most of us think we are highly creative; as adults many of us think we are not. What changes as children grow up? Organizations across the globe are competing in a world that is changing faster than ever. They say they need people who can think creatively, who are flexible and quick to adapt. Too often they say they can't find them. Why not? In this provocative and inspiring book Ken Robinson addresses three questions: [1] Why is it essential to promote creativity? Business leaders, politicians and educators emphasize the vital importance of promoting creativity and innovation. Why does it matter so much? [2] What is the problem? Why do so many people think they are not creative? Young children are buzzing with ideas. What happens as we grow up and go through school to make us think we are not creative? [3] What can be done about it? What is creativity? What can companies, schools and organizations do to develop creativity and innovation in a deliberate and systematic way? In this extensively revised and updated version of his bestselling classic, Out of Our Minds, Ken Robinson offers a groundbreaking approach to understanding creativity in education and in business. He argues that people and organizations everywhere are dealing with problems that originate in schools and universities and that many people leave education with no idea at all of their real creative abilities. Out of Our Minds is a passionate and powerful call for radically different approaches to leadership, teaching and professional development to help us all to meet the extraordinary challenges of living and working in the 21st century. -- taken from dust jacket.
Proceedings of the first Finnish-Soviet Symposium on Creativity : Moscow, October 11-17, 1982
The Ways to New  : 15 Paths to Disruptive Innovation
Creativity in public relations
Explaining creativity : the science of human innovation
Pasternak on art and creativity
Critical conversations : feedback as a stimulus to creativity in software design
Creativity : 101
The creative manager's pocketbook
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
Lexical priming : a new theory of words and language
Theories of creativity
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Creativity and democracy in education : practices and politics of learning through the arts
Encyclopedia of creativity
Creative business from the point of view of Goth subculture
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
The creative mind : myths and mechanisms
Break from the pack : how to compete in a copycat economy
Project management in the Finnish music industry
How to be better at .... creativity
Explorations in creativity
Creativity in amateur multimedia : popular culture, critical theory, and HCI
Using rationale to assist student cognitive and intellectual development
The blackwinged night : creativity in nature and mind
The Significance of Integrating Product Innovation in Increasing Business Competition
This scholarly and important volume has an impressive interdisciplinary and international scope. We hear from psychologists, sociologists, philosophers, legal scholars, and economists. These refreshing chapters broaden our understanding of human innovation, contributing to a developing sociocultural approach to the study of creativity. These chapters directly challenge the myth of solitary genius, by documenting the social and cultural systems within which new ideas emerge.' - Keith Sawyer, Washington University in St Louis, US. 'This penetrating volume both summarizes compellingly what we know about creativity and examines critically loose concepts of creativity, cases where creativity does harm, and deceptive hype about creativity.This volume neither romanticizes creativity nor reduces it to the servant of economic and cultural development, offering instead a differentiated and penetrating examination of the nature of creativity and its diverse positive and sometimes negative roles.' - David Perkins, Harvard Graduate School of Education, US. This comprehensive yet concise Handbook provides an overview of innovative approaches to, and new perspectives on, the study of creativity. In this timely work, creativity is not defined by an ideal, rather it encompasses a range of theories, functions, characteristics, processes, products and practices that are associated with the generation of novel and useful outcomes suited to particular social, cultural and political contexts. Chapters present original research by international scholars from a wide range of disciplines including history, sociology, psychology, philosophy, cultural studies, education, economics and interdisciplinary studies.Their research investigates creativity in diverse fields including art, creative industries, aesthetics, design, new media, music, arts education, science, engineering and technology. Containing cutting-edge research the Handbook of Research on Creativity will strongly appeal to academics and advanced students in cultural studies, creative industries, art history and theory, experimental music and performance studies, digital and new media studies, engineering, economics, sociology, psychology and social psychology, management studies, and education - particularly visual arts education and music education. Policy makers, managers and entrepreneurs will also find much to interest them in this fascinating work.
Creators on creating : awakening and cultivating the imaginative mind
Α motor creativity intervention in the Greek early childhood education settings: effects on beliefs about health
The psychology of creative writing
Techniques of structured problem solving
Reflections on the advent of a more enterprising culture in Finland : an exploratory study
Creative teaching and learning
The creative process : a functional model based on empirical studies from early childhood to middle age
Handbook of organizational creativity
Problem solution processes of musicians and engineers : what do their approaches look like?
Experiences of diversity management : employee perspectives in the Finnish ICT industry
The act of creation
Stimulating creativity. 1, Individual procedures
Art before breakfast : a zillion ways to be more creative no matter how busy you are
How to think like Einstein : simple ways to break the rules and discover your hidden genius
New directions in creativity. Mark 2
Human capital and incentives in the creation of inventions : a study of Finnish inventors
On creativity
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Silence of the forest : essays on creativity and art
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
"Oren Harari reveals new ways to take your customers far beyond mere "satisfaction," and shows how to innovate in even the most prosaic areas of your business. You'll learn how to avoid destructive mergers, and acquire what really matters: talent, technology, foresight, speed, and imagination."--BOOK JACKET.
Science, order, and creativity
Creativity in the suburbs : opportunities for artists to work in the suburbs
Experiencing creativity : on the social psychology of art
Letting the buggers be creative
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
Creative engagement in occupation : building professional skills
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
The social psychology of creativity
"The rules of the game": how to favor entrepreneurship and creativity in a non-capitalistic economy
Philosophical delusion and its therapy : outline of a philosophical revolution
Cracking creativity : the secrets of creative genius
Creativity in a psychodynamic, existential, and neuropsychological perspective
Wordcraft : the art of turning little words into big business
Journal of creative behavior
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
Creative thinking for dummies
The artist's way workbook
Stimulating creativity. 2, Group procedures
Encyclopedia of creativity. Vol. 2, I-Z, Indexes
Creativity mobilization technique
Philosophy of creativity
Thinking in new boxes : a new paradigm for business creativity
"A million DIY projects" : the netnographic study of Pinterest as a creative community for women
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
Art and the creative unconscious : four essays
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
How drama activates learning : contemporary research and practice
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
The hidden intelligence : innovation through intuition
Creativity in small groups
Ambient art : creative information representation
Insight and outlook : an inquiry into the common foundations of science, art and social ethics
The creative process and reality : an analysis of search and cognition in the creative process and a call for an ecological cognitive framework for creativity research
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
Is there a link between creativity and mental disorder
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
Creativity in business
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Creativity in design and technology education : a case study in the education of primary school teachers
Heterarchial ontological commitment for leaders to stimulate creativity among virtual workforce
Perceptions of entrepreneurship among future creative professionals : results of a survey for university students in Finland, Estonia and Latvia : Creative Entrepreneurship Training Network -project
Mining Creativity Research to Inform Design Rationale in Open Source Communities
Boost your creative intelligence
Creativity and the imagination : case studies from the classical age to the twentieth century
The essential tension of creativity and rationale in software design
Can you teach creativity ?
The search for satori creativity
Untitled: emerging cultural forms in the digital age
Entrepreneurship education in vocational education in Finland : case : Mänttä Regional Vocational Education Centre
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Summary.
Creativity in the arts
How Drama Activates Learning: Contemporary Research and Practice draws together leaders in drama and education from across the globe, including authors from Europe, North America and Australasia to explore the transformations that can be achieved across a diverse range of learning areas when the processes of drama education are applied, enlivening and enriching a range of learning contexts. The range of areas explored includes: History Literacy and literature Creativity and imagination Science Citizenship, democracy and social justice education language learning Human relationships Conflict management Drawing on a range of theoretical perspectives, the contributors present detailed case study material that outlines these processes in action, before the volume editors synthesize the key findings generated.
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
Researching children researching the world : 5x5x5=creativity
The artist's mind : a psychoanalytic perspective on creativity, modern art and modern artists
Creativity, unlocking human potential
Handbook of research on creativity
Steal like an artist : 10 things nobody told you about being creative
The struggle to establish more democratic education pedagogies has a long history in the politics of mainstream education. This book argues for the significance of the creative arts in the establishment of social justice in education, using examples drawn from a selection of contemporary case studies including Japanese applied drama, Palestinian teacher education and Room 13 children's contemporary art. Jeff Adams and Allan Owens use their research in practice to explore creativity conceptually, historically and metaphorically within a variety of UK and international contexts, which are analysed using political and social theories of democratic and relational education. Each chapter discusses the relationship between models of democratic creativity and the cultural conditions in which they are practised, with a focus on new critical pedagogies that have developed in response to neoliberalism and marketization in education. The book is structured throughout by the theories, practices and the ideals that were once considered to be foundational for education: democratic citizenship and a just society.
101 design methods : a structured approach for driving innovation in your organization
Understanding creativity : the interplay of biological, psychological, and social factors
An anatomy of inspiration : and an essay on the creative mood
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Innovation in events management
Links between creativity and mental disorder
Art making and education
Musical creativities in practice
International handbook of research in arts education
The creative expression
The creative personality : hemispheric variation and sex differences in defence mechanisms related to creativity
Creative management
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
A guide for successful innovation planning. It is suitable for strategists, managers, designers, and researchers who undertake the challenge of innovation, despite a lack of established procedures and a high risk of failure.
Creativity and rationale in software design
The creatively gifted child : suggestions for parents and teachers
Creative product analysis : the search for a valid model for understanding creativity in products
Theoretical and pedagogical perspectives on orchestrating creativity and collaborative learning
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Creativity : theory and research
Creative entrepreneurs' perceptions about entrepreneurial education : Creative Entrepreneurship Training Network -project
What a great idea : key steps creative people take
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Creativity works
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
The inspiration in improvisation : identifying and classifying the approaches to emotion-based musical improvisation
Love and creativity : paradoxal but important human virtues
Does design rationale enhance creativity?
"Philosophical Delusion and its Therapy" develops a novel account of the nature and genesis of philosophical problems. This account vindicates a revolutionary reorientation of philosophical work: the project of philosophical therapy pioneered by Ludwig Wittgenstein. With the help of concepts adapted from different branches of cognitive science (cognitive linguistics, cognitive and clinical psychology), the book explains where and why therapy is called for in philosophy, and develops techniques to actually carry it out.
Human Technology, 2010 VOLUME 6, NUMBER 1 (The entire issue) : Special Issue on Creativity and Rationale in Software Design
Exploratory and applied art in implementing a regional development task
Collaborative design rationale and social creativity in cultures of participation
Creative west : the creative sector in the Western Region
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Emergent teaching : a path of creativity, significance, and transformation
DEVELOPMENT OF CREATIVE INDUSTRIES IN CHINA : The case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
Serious creativity : using the power of lateral thinking to create new ideas
Art and artists : creative urge and personality development
Creativity of the school : conclusions of a programme of enquiry
Plan for the development of an innovative workplace for the Sato Corporation
Mining creativity research to inform design rationale in open source communities
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
Creativity : progress and potential
Scientific creativity : its recognition and development : Selected Papers from the Proceedings of the First, Second, and Third University of Utah Conferences "The Identification of Creative Scientific Talent"
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Creativity and innovation
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
PBL is learning through becoming conscious of practical and abstract problems and finding ways how to solve them. It can be a pattern which doesn,t follow traditional divisions of disciplines. In this article the material was collected from two, in the first sight, very different groups. One was music students (N = 62) who had to learn to solve various practical and theoretical problems in preparing a program for a series of concerts as collective and individual action. The method used was the 7-step method which divides learning into seven phases proceeding from creating the social frame of reference and mental models (steps 1–4) through actual work (steps 5–6) to the evaluation of the outcomes (step 7). Another group consisted of international, multicultural business leaders in engineering (N = 6). In using earlier the 7-step method, the approaches resembled those of the music students: deepening their professional competences. To engage their ability to use imagination and connect reality with brainstorming and mental flexibility, the creative PBL method 635 was used. Three practical problems were solved so that the solutions included new viewpoints which would be applied to meet the real needs in the near future. The results show that not only were the learning targets of both groups reached but, with reflection included, the processes widened the professional competences of the participants.
The technological fix : how people use technology to create and solve problems
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Conference on Advances in Production Management Systems 90 (APMS '90), August 20.-22.1990, Espoo : preprints. 1-2
Teach yourself to think
The game changer : how to use the science of motivation with the power of game design to shift behaviour, shape culture and make clever happen
Originality and imagination
