http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8327 common facilities
common facilities
Southeast Asian affairs 2010
The Fruits of work and struggle
The impact of PPP loans on small scale farmers, particularly women : a minor field study
The art abandonment project : create and share random acts of art
As social movements have become more complex, geographers are increasingly studying the spatial dynamics of collective resistance and sociologists and political scientists increasingly analyzing the role of space, place and scale in contentious political activity. Occupying a position at the intersection of these disciplinary developments, this book brings together leading scholars to examine how social movements have employed spatial practices to respond to and shape changing social and political contexts. It is organised into three main sections: (1) Place, Space and Mobility: sites of mobilization and regulation, (2) Scale and Territory: structuring collective interests, identities, and resources, and (3) Networks: connecting actors and resources across space. It concludes by suggesting that different spatialities (place, scale, networks) interlink within one another in particular instances of collective action, playing distinctive yet complementary roles in shaping how these actions unfold in the political arena. By mapping state of the art conceptual and empirical terrain across Geography, Sociology, and Political Science, 'Spaces of Contention' provides readers with a much needed guide to innovative research on the spatial constitution of social movements and how social movements tactically and strategically approach and produce space.
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Coordinated multi-antenna techniques for cellular networks:Pilot signaling and decentralized optimization in TDD mode
Agenda 21 : the earth summitt strategy to save our planet
Closet space : geographies of metaphor from the body to the globe
The production of space
Hear, listen, play! : how to free your student's aural, improvisation and performance skills
Cities for sale :  how economic globalization transforms the local public sphere
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Vital signs 1994 : the trends that are shaping the future
Man, society and the environment : geographical aspects of the uses of natural resources and nature conservation
Cardoso's Brazil : a land for sale
Spaceabilities : co-designing a tangible space for learning by understanding the intangible core Aalto's Creative Sustainability community
Asian development outlook 2007 : growth amid change
Doing business with China
Social philosophy and ecological scarcity
Codesigning space : a primer
Silent Cry
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Social theory and the environment
Growth without democracy : challenges to authoritarianism in Vietnam
Nudging in public service design : a research project of designing a common laundry room service for HOAS
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Environmental science : earth as a living planet
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Postwar Vietnam : dynamics of a transforming society
Underground spaces in the service of a sustainable society : ITA-AITES World Tunnel Congress and 37th General Assembly, May 20-26, 2011, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Czech society in the 2000s : a report on socio-economic policies and structures
Vital signs : the trends that are shaping our future
The essential guide to classroom practice : 200+ strategies for outstanding teaching and learning
Is the closet just a metaphor? Closet Space provides a highly original account of the spatial metaphor of "the closet", and is the first geography text to focus on this important issue. Using a variety of research techniques and materials, the book explores the closet through texts including: the oral histories of gay men in the UK and US -- the sexualised landscape of a New Zealand city -- the national census of Britain and the US -- international travel guides and travelogues. and refers to the work of Butler, Lefebvre and Foucault.
The continuing evolution of Europe
Latin America : development and conflict since 1945
India rising : emergence of a new world power
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
The last phase in the transformation of capitalism
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Joint-use libraries : libraries for the future
Environmental philosophy : from animal rights to radical ecology
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
The Kosovo conflict : consequences for the environment & human settlements
Oppiva kampus : how to co-create campus?
Locality and inequality : farm and industry structure and socioeconomic conditions
Space is the machine : a configurational theory of architecture
Arctic development and environmental challenges : information needs for decision-making and international co-operation
"This book applies the conceptual framework of Douglass C. North, John Joseph Wallis and Barry R. Weingast's Violence and Social Orders (Cambridge University Press, 2009) to nine developing countries. The cases show how political control of economic privileges is used to limit violence and coordinate coalitions of powerful organizations. Rather than castigating politicians and elites as simply corrupt, the case studies illustrate why development is so difficult to achieve in societies where the role of economic organizations is manipulated to provide political balance and stability. The volume develops the idea of limited-access social order as a dynamic social system in which violence is constantly a threat and political and economic outcomes result from the need to control violence rather than promoting economic growth or political rights"-- Provided by publisher.
Greece in the twentieth century
A stunning story of love, betrayal, and family, set against the backdrop of a changing Taiwan over the course of the twentieth century. February 28, 1947: Trapped inside the family home amid an uprising that has rocked Taipei, Dr. Tsai delivers his youngest daughter, the unnamed narrator of Green Island, just after midnight as the city is plunged into martial law. In the following weeks, as the Chinese Nationalists act to crush the opposition, Dr. Tsai becomes one of the many thousands of people dragged away from their families and thrown into prison. His return, after more than a decade, is marked by alienation from his loved ones and paranoia among his communityconflicts that loom over the growing bond he forms with his youngest daughter. Years later, this troubled past follows her to the United States, where, as a mother and a wife, she too is forced to decide between what is right and what might save her familythe same choice she witnessed her father make many years before. As the novel sweeps across six decades and two continents, the life of the narrator shadows the course of Taiwans history from the end of Japanese colonial rule to the decades under martial law and, finally, to Taiwans transformation into a democracy. But, above all, Green Island is a lush and lyrical story of a family and a nation grappling with the nuances of complicity and survival, raising the question: how far would you be willing to go for the ones you love? From the Hardcover edition.
Regional scenarios for environmental sustainability : a review of the literature
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Public and private in the Roman house and society
Social change in contemporary China : C. K. Yang and the concept of institutional diffusion
Cambodian economy : charting the course of a brighter future : a survey of progress, problems and prospects
Dancers among us : a celebration of joy in the everyday
China's post-reform economy : achieving harmony, sustaining growth
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Place in research : theory, methodology and methods
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Contemporary Russia
Oppiva kampus : How to co-create campus?
Society, action and space : an alternative human geography
Notes on the underground : an essay on technology, society, and the imagination
Summary.
Spatial formations
Life between buildings : using public space
Environmental development co-operation opportunities : Kazakstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan
Preventing the future : why was Ireland so poor for so long?
Postmodern geographies : the reassertion of space in critical social theory
Facility Management and Organisational Well-being
Whose public space? : international case studies in urban design and development
Women and farming : changing roles, changing structures
Privileged goods : commodization and its impact on environment and society
In the shadow of violence : politics, economics, and the problem of development
African development : making sense of the issues and actors
Transformation processes in the Baltic Sea Region and the East European experience : report from the International Conference of Experts = Transformationsprozesse im Ostseeraum und die osteuropäische Erfahrung : Tagungsbericht der internationalen ExpertInnentagung
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Understanding China : center stage of the fourth power
Southeast Asia's economic crisis : origins, lessons, and the way forward
Bridging environmental and Indigenous studies and drawing on critical geography, spatial theory, new materialist theory, and decolonizing theory, this dynamic volume examines the sometimes overlooked significance of place in social science research. There are often important divergences and even competing logics at work in these areas of research, some which may indeed be incommensurable. This volume explores how researchers around the globe are coming to terms - both theoretically and practically - with place in the context of settler colonialism, globalization, and environmental degradation. McKenzie and Tuck outline a trajectory of critical place inquiry that not only furthers empirical knowledge, but ethically imagines new possibilities for collaboration and action. Critical place inquiry can involve a range of research methodologies; this volume argues that what matters is how the chosen methodology engages conceptually with place in order to mobilize methods that enable data collection and analyses which address place explicitly and politically. Unlike other approaches which attempt to superficially tag on Indigenous concerns, decolonizing conceptualizations of land and place and Indigenous methods are central, not peripheral, to practices of critical place inquiry.
Wealth, poverty and sustainable development = Riqueza, pobreza y desarrollo sustentable
Evaluation approach of the OECD environmental performance reviews
Super public : a housing project in China
Ek krshak pathamsa = Farmer duck
FDI and development in Vietnam : policy implications
Forests, trees and people
Spaces of contention : spatialities and social movements
The culture of photography in public space
Lost on board : enhancing user experience on cruise ships through wayfinding improvements
Learning with the villagers : an account of a participatory research in the Uluguru Mountains, Tanzania
Feasibility Analysis of Laundry Lounge in Vietnam, Targeting Students : Start-up X, Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
