http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8324 religious programmes
religious programmes
The Passion : Kärsimyskertomus
Media and religion : foundations of an emerging field
Televangelism : the marketing of popular religion
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
Russia & Asia report
Religious television : controversies and conclusions
Media and Religion examines the history, theory, cultural context, and professional aspects of media and religion. It explores the history of media and religion, describing how the evolution of culture and proliferation of media genres are creating the need for a new field. It also identifies dominant paradigms in the study of media and religion and suggest promising new directions for theory-building. It concludes by exploring the subject in terms of professional practice (journalism, public relations, and marketing communication). Resources for teachers as they address media and religion in the classroom are included in the appendix. As an introduction to media and religion, this text is ideal for undergraduate students, and can be used by others needing to know a foundation in the area.
From coffin to heaven : a psychological study of Christian conversion in drug rehabilitation
Global and local televangelism
The role of science in gender relations on Christian Broadcast Network's "Living the life"
New media and religious transformations in Africa
Television and religion : the shaping of faith, values, and culture
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
Postmodern spirituality : based on papers read at the Symposium on Postmodern spirituality held at Åbo, Finland on 11-13 June 2008
Implications of the sacred in (post)modern media
Jehovah's Witnesses - organized to share the good news : our whole association of brothers = Jehovan todistajat - järjestetyt viemään hyvää uutista : koko veljesseuramme
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
Hidden agendas : the politics of religious broadcasting in Britain, 1987-1991
Christianity and the mass media in America : toward a democratic accommodation
Mass media religion : the social sources of the electronic Church
Pray TV : televangelism in America
