http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p832 manors
manors country houses
It's the summer of 1933 and Alice Eveleigh has arrived at Fiercombe Manor in disgrace. Hiding her shame in this isolated house concealed within a Gloucestershire valley in the care of housekeeper, Mrs Jelphs, Alice soon begins to sense that something isn't quite right within the walls of this beautiful manor - for one thing she is being watched...There are secrets at Fiercombe that those who remain there are determined to keep. Tragedy haunts the empty rooms and foreboding hangs heavy in the stifling heat. Traces of the previous occupant, Elizabeth Stanton, are everywhere, and Alice discovers Elizabeth's life eerily mirrors the path she herself is on. The past is set to repeat its sorrows, and with devastating consequences.
Scandinavian Country Inns & Manors
Merivel : a man of his time
Kartanoiden riistaherkut = Wild game delicacies of Finnish manors
The truth teller
Latvijas pilis un muižas = Castles and manors of Latvia
Death of a cozy writer
This man confessed
A Christmas party
Jane Eyrotica
Viljandimaa mõisad : The manor houses of Viljandi county, Estonia
The death house
"It's the 1980s and Soho is electric. For Eliza, the heady pull of the nightclubs and free-spirited people leads her into the sort of life she has always craved - one of glamour, late nights and excitement. But it comes at a heavy cost. Cassie has always been intrigued by her family's history and the abandoned Beaufont Hall. Why doesn't her family live there anymore? And why won't her mother talk about it? When the chance to restore Beaufont to its former glory arises, Cassie jumps at the chance to learn more about her past. Separated by a generation, these two women have more in common than they know. Through the pages of a forgotten diary, Cassie begins to piece together the life of an extraordinary woman. And on the streets of Soho, she discovers a family secret that will change everything."--Goodreads website.
Foxlease : the home of guiding
The Ballroom Café
The intrigue of Highbury, or, Emma's match : a mr. & mrs Darcy mystery
Farthing
Killer ball at Honeychurch Hall
A Cornish affair
Peril at the End House
Vision in white
Houses of the National Trust
Fairfield Hall
Argentina : the great estancias
Kat Stanford stumbles upon a hidden room in an abandoned wing at Honeychurch Hall. However, Kat's initial excitement soon ends in horror. There, lying on the cold, stone floor, Kat comes across the body of a young woman dressed in an Egyptian toga and wearing a tawdry fairground trinket around her broken neck. Suspicion falls on some of those who live at the Hall - both upstairs and down and even those who are just been passing through. Matters come to a head as a killer lurks amid the aristocracy, and Downton Abbey fans will want more Killer Balls at Honeychurch Hall.
Rustication : a novel
The haunting of Tabitha Grey
The shadow hour
Läbi aegade : Manor houses of Estonia
Pathfinder flip-mat : Noble estate
Country house treasures
Deadly desires at Honeychurch Hall
Mansions in Hungary
The horses of Hemlock Hall
Arkhangelskoye : a country Estate of the 18th and 19th centuries
"Manor renaissance" in Estonia = "Möisarenessanss" Eestis = "Kartanorenessanssi" Eestissä : a study and documentation of Estonian manor houses
The English house : 1000 years of domestic architecture
The stranger's child
Murder at the mansion
Goth Girl and the fete worse than death
The Spiderwick chronicles. Book five of five : The wrath of Mulgarath
Mansfield Park
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Ravenscliffe
I am half sick of shadows : a Flavia de Luce novel
The Country Life Book of castles and houses in Britain
Pearls of Latvia : full colour guide to 40 of the most beautiful castles, palaces and manors in Latvia
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
The last summer
The Spiderwick chronicles. Book one of five : The field guide
The demon lover
The orchid house : a novel
Hardwick Hall and the Cavendish Story
The manor reborn : the transformation of Avebury Manor
Rack, ruin and murder
Strands of bronze and gold
Death comes to Pemberley
Rory's boys
Thirteen guests
The Cavendon women
Stately pursuits
Animal farm and 1984
Murder at Mullings
The girl in the photograph
If the stones of the house could talk...When Kat Stanford abandons a successful television career to help her mother Iris move into a rustic carriage house in Devon, she quickly discovers that behind the well-trimmed hedgerows, Honeychurch Hall is populated by more eccentrics than Kat had ever met in all her time in London. The Dowager Countess, Lord and Lady Honeychurch, their precocious seven-year-old heir, his missing nanny, a brooding stable manager, a housekeeper with an extensive designer shoe collection...Everyone seems to harbour a secret -- and Kat's mother may be hiding the darkest of them all...
The Bellini Madonna
Albu mõisahoone = Albu Manor House
Murder at Honeychurch Hall
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book one of three : The nixie's song
Manor houses and castles of Sweden : a voyage through five centuries
A tour of Italian gardens
Suur-Merijoen kartano : jugendin helmi = The Suur-Merijoki manor : the jewel of finnish art nouveu
The remains of the day
The rose girls
The last country houses
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Wuthering heights
The Daily Telegraph guide to Britain̕s historic houses
Return to the secret garden
Båtvik from the Bronze Age to today
The secret garden
Delia's crossing
The House : a portrait of Chatsworth
Edwardian country life : the story of H. Avray Tipping
The uninvited guests
1922. Grace has been sent to the stately and crumbling Fenix House to follow in her grandmother's footsteps as a governess. But when she meets the house's inhabitants, people who she had only previously heard of in stories, the cracks in her grandmother's tale begin to show. Secrets appear to live in the house's very walls and everybody is resolutely protecting their own.
Mr Crowe was once the toast of the finest salons. A man of learning and means, he travelled the world, enthralling all who met him. Now, Mr Crowe devotes himself to earthly pleasures. He has retreated to his sprawling country estate, where he lives with Clara, his mysterious young ward, and Eustace, his faithful manservant. His great library gathers dust and his once magnificent gardens grow wild. But Mr Crowe and his extraordinary gifts have not been entirely forgotten. When he acts impetuously over a woman, he attracts the attention of Dr Chastern, the figurehead of a secret society to which Crowe still belongs. Chastern comes to Crowe's estate to call him to account, and what follows will threaten everyone he cares for. But Clara possesses gifts of her own, gifts whose power she has not yet fully grasped. She must learn to use them quickly, if she is to save them all.
Eesti mõisad : 250 fotot aastaist 1860-1939 = Herrenhäuser in Estland : 250 Ansichten aus den Jahren 1860-1939 = Estonian manor houses : 250 photos from 1860-1939
The glory of the English house
The other book
The castles and castellated manors of the Cracow region
Let the games begin
Wuthering Heights
A Christmas homecoming
The hippopotamus
English manor houses
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book two of three : A giant problem
The Spiderwick chronicles. Book four of five : The ironwood tree
Peril at End House
The English country house
Conrad's fate
The maker of swans
Eestimaa mõisad = Manorial architecture in Estonia = Guts-Architektur in Estland
Great houses of Europe
Speedy death
Charlotte Markham and the House of Darkling
Great houses of Ireland
Kingsholt
"In Regency-era England, secrets come to light at the abandoned manor house Pembrooke Park. Will Abigail find the hidden treasure and love she seeks...or very real danger?"--
Peril at End house
"Deadly Desires at Honeychurch Hall is the second charming and witty whodunit in Hannah Dennison's amazing cozy series. Set at an English manor house, fans of British mysteries and Downton Abbey are sure to enjoy this contemporary take on murder at the manor house. When the body of a transport minister is discovered in the grounds on Honeychurch Hall, suspicion about his unusual demise naturally falls on the folks in the village. After all, who could possibly want a high-speed train line built in their front yard? News of the murder soon reaches our heroine Kat Stanford's nemesis Trudy Wynne. A ruthless tabloid journalist and the ex-wife of Kat's discarded lover, Trudy is out for revenge. She is also interested in exposing--and humiliating--Kat's mother Iris, who is secretly the international bestselling romance writer Krystalle Storm. As the body count begins to build, Kat becomes inextricably embroiled in the ensuing scandal. Is the minister's death the result of a local vendetta, or could it be connected to her mother's unusual (to say the least) past?"
The glittering art of falling apart
Pat of Silver Bush
England's lost houses : from the archives of Country Life
Once and always
Advertising through social media : advertising plan for a hotel
Catherine
Burke's and savills guide to country houses : 3, East Anglia
The watcher in the shadows
The Manor, the very place where their passionate love affair began, fills with guests on what should be the happiest day of Ava and Jesse's lives. She has accepted that she'll never tame the fierceness in Jesse -- and she doesn't want to. Their love is profound, their connection powerful, but just when she thinks that she's finally gotten beneath his guarded exterior, more questions arise, leading Ava to believe that Jesse Ward may not be the man she thinks he is. He knows too well how to take her to a place beyond ecstasy. But will he also drive her to the brink of despair? It's time for this man to confess.
The prophecy of bees
The world of the Russian estate : catalogue
The Spiderwick chronicles. Book two of five : The seeing stone
When she said I do
The secret of Pembrooke Park
Butterfly palace
The Spiderwick chronicles. Book three of five : Lucinda's secret
Manor houses and Royal castles in Sweden
