http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8328 energy efficiency
energy efficiency
Solar power your home for dummies
the other hand, the devices operate slower and the widely used 6T SRAM cells become unreliable. As countermeasures, longer paths in the logic circuits and larger transistor sizes in the memory structures are shown to be effective ways of compensating the downsides of the Near-Threshold Computing. The results give a basis for low-power IC circuit designing, if the normal supply voltage with no drawbacks should be used, or if reduced voltage levels should be used and the drawbacks tolerated somehow.
Integrated gasification SOFC hybrid power system modeling : novel numerical approach to modeling of advanced power systems
The impact of poor cache utilization on power efficiency
Energy : what everyone needs to know
Designing for energy-efficient vision-based interactivity on mobile devices
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Energy-efficient buildings : multi-annual roadmap for the contractual PPP under Horizon 2020
Energy efficient microwave systems : materials processing technologies for avionic, mobility and environmental applications
Energy efficiency and colour quality improvement and subjective preference of LED office lighting
Solution business model for energy efficiency
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Efficient methods on reducing data redundancy in the internet
Energy efficiency in industry : lightening the energy load : 24 projects funded by the Intelligent Energy - Europe programme
Electrical energy efficient technology comparison between Nordic countries and Kaliningrad oblast
Green thoughts, green futures : planning for energy efficient cities
LEED reference guide for building design and construction
Minimizing energy consumption in logistics chains : in particular a green analysis of port operators' responsibilities
Energy and the transformation of international relations : toward a new producer-consumer framework
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
Challenges to the development of energy performance measurement : a systems thinking approach
Finnish sustainability rating system for data centers : user manual, v0.4 for New Constructions
Energy, sustainability and the environment : technology, incentives, behavior
Delivering sustainable buildings : an industry insider's view
Plans for ventitalion and comparison of new heating systems for an old house
Old house eco handbook : a practical guide to retrofitting for energy-efficiency & sustainability
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Biomass potentials in Finland, the case of Pörtom
Towards optimal application mapping for energy-efficient many-core platforms
Development of energy efficiency indicators
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques : case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
Sustainable construction in steel. Information sheet 1, Energy efficiency
Sun, wind, and light : architectural design strategies
Renewable energy and energy efficiency in China: : current status and prospects for 2020
Cost optimal and nearly zero-energy buildings (nZEB) : definitions, calculation principles and case studies
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 2
Gadgets and gigawatts : policies for energy efficient electronics
Implementing energy efficiency policies 2009 : are IEA member countries on track?
Avoidance of thermal bridging in steel construction
Energy efficiency of light-weight steel-framed buildings / P. Santos L. Simões da Silva, V. Ungureanu
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Eco-exergy as sustainability
Micro-renewables in the historic environment
Chile : energy policy review 2009
Cost reduction of permanent magnet synchronous machines
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Employee commitment to energy management : a qualitative interview study about employee commitment to energy management in industrial companies and public real estates
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
21st century sustainable homes
Green building business : target country: India
Multifaceted optimization of energy efficiency for stationary WSN applications
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 1, Energy efficiency and the demand for energy services
My diploma project's main aim was to design and compare three different kinds of heating systems and design a mechanical ventilation system. After comparing these options it is possible to renovate the house according to my plans and choose the best option.  I made my comparing depending on the last year's electricity bill and the fact that 4 m³ of piled wood was bought in the beginning of the year 2013 and burned during the year.  I compared investment costs and their efficiencies for a longer period.  Two of my options were working with a geothermal pump but the distribution was different and the third one was an air source heat pump. To all of these options an air supply unit with HRV was included. I found out that in this object the option with air source heat pump would be the best because of the low investment cost and the efficiency is still quite close to the other options.  When the time will come for a renovation I have now a plan for the ventilation and I can decide the heating system relying on my diploma project.  Key words: Heating, ventilation, energy efficiency.
Thermo-mechanical behaviour of ground-source thermo-active structures
Energy effiency of the marine main engine auxiliary systems
Fabric improvements for energy efficiency in traitional buildings
On providing energy-efficient data transmission to mobile devices
Multiobjective heat exchanger network synthesis based on grouping of process streams
Co-operation between Finland and Lithuania in the development of clean technologies
Efficient middleware and resource management in mobile peer-to-peer systems
Energy efficiency of the marine main engine auxiliary systems
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 1
Energy efficiency comparison in Kaliningrad and Northern countries
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
Regional energy wood logistics : optimizing local fuel supply
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
USSR energy efficiency and prospects
The aim of this thesis was to study the energy consumption at the plant of Genencor International Inc. in Hanko. The intention was to develop a monitoring system for energy consumption anf energy efficiency covering steam and electricity. based on the survay, the purpose was to find potential energy savings and to improve the efficient use of energy by monitoring and narrowing the grey area of energy consumption. The distribution of energy was identifies and the most significant energy consumers were selected for more detailed analysis. The data collection version was developed on Excel whereas the visual version of the consumption system was created by using the OSI-PI software. In the consumption monitoring system are considered the most significant energy consumers and the biggest products. The energy consumption was calculated in theory and compared to the total use of energy. The error between the theoretical and the actual consumption was taken into account in the error consideration. The extent of the grey area proved to be greater than estimated, especially the grey area of steam consumption. The next phase will be to plan the identification of the grey area more accurately and perhaps to estimate the need for acquisitiion of new fixed meters for monitoring the energy consumption more reliably than at the present.
Syntheses and catalytic properties of palladium (II) complexes of various new aryl and aryl alkyl phosphane ligands
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
Energy efficiency and recovery in pulp and paper making
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
Abstract: New energy performance certificate.
Foundations of environmental physics : understanding energy use and human impacts
Do-it-yourself home energy audits : 1401 simple solutions to lower energy costs, increase your home's efficiency, and save the environment
Managing energy from the top down: connecting industrial energy efficiency to business performance
China's power sector reforms : where to next?
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance, technologies and challenges of new buildings in Russia and Scandinavia
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Energy efficient, smart and healthy buildings : REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2013 Prague, Czech Republic, 17-19 June 2013
Review and analysis of heat loads calculation in Autodesk Revit MEP
Energy efficiency of wireless access : impact of power amplifiers and load variations
The old energy requirements of Scandinavian have come to a transition period. They are little by little being updated to stricter regulations. One reason is the increased  amount of emissions causing global warming. Cramo has taken the challenge of energy efficiency seriously and is ready to make changes to one of their product lines which is modular buildings. Cramo's main  market area is Scandinavia and due to its northern location the energy consumptions  of the buildings are also the biggest. This thesis gathers basic information on Scandinavian energy regulations and with the help of the computer program VIP+ it provides calculation results concerning the energy consumption of modular buildings in Sweden and Norway. It also introduces a few improvement ideas to the existing fleet. The heat losses of two types of modular buildings, used in Finland have also been  calculated with Excel -based control calculation.
Near-threshold computing
Demanding applications : DEMAPP : final report 3/2014
Energy aware software for many-core systems
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
Renovation and Energy Evaluation : Viipurinpuisto Residential Project
The greatest guide to green living
Future need of services in technical real estate business
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 4
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Energy efficiency : the definitive guide to the cheapest, cleanest, fastest source of energy
An energy-efficient live video coding and communication over unreliable channels
BIM Based Energy/Sustainability Analysis for Educational Building – A Case Study : Analysis of HAMK Building Extensions N and S using Autodesk Revit and GBS
On energy efficient computing platforms
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Eco-minimalism : the antidote to eco-bling
Net zero energy design : a guide for commercial architecture
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
Energy Efficiency -  Assessment and  Analysis of  Energy Consumption at  TAMK Kuntokatu 3 Campus
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 6
Energy and Life-cycle Cost Efficient Machines : final report 2/2014 : 2009-2014
Energy manual : sustainable architecture
Spectrum and energy efficient solutions for OFDMA collaborative wireless networks
Reducing energy consumption of reach truck utilizing hydraulic energy recovery systems
The requirements and compliance of the Finnish act on energy efficiency in a large enterprise : a case study from the healthcare industry
Building and HVAC system performance in practice: REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2016 Aalborg, Denmark, 22-25 May 2016
Sustainable facades : design methods for high-performance building envelopes
Biofuels in the energy supply system
Analysis of healthy nearly zero energy buildings in Europe : the interplay of low-energy buildings and indoor environment quality
Europe's energy position : annual report
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Assessing energy efficiency potential in the building stock : method for estimating the potential for improvements and their economic effects
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Energy efficiency in the meat processing industry : opportunities for process integration
Adaptation and analysis of program EcoDesigner : calculation of energy consumption
Improving energy efficiency of ships through optimisation of ship operations : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140301)
A guide to sustainable architecture including its features such as sustainable energy, sustainable building materials, building placement and more
Sectoral approaches in electricity : building bridges to a safe climate
Increased energy efficiency and the rebound effect : effects on consumption and emissions
Control aspects for energy-efficient and sensorless AC motor drives
Sustainable architecture, including: autonomous building, sustainable development, passive solar building design, green roof, natural building, green building, low-energy house, passive house, renovation, deconstruction (building), enviroboard, duo-gard
Life-cycle assessment of a spanish wind farm
The performance of dense and heterogeneous LTE network deployments within an urban environment
Energy efficiency in wireless networks
Rakennusten energiatehokkuus : valaistuksen energiatehokkuus = Energy performance of buildings : energy requirements for lighting
Home sweet zero energy home : what it takes to develop great homes that won't cost anything to heat, cool or light up, without going broke or crazy
Mind the gap : quantifying principal-agent problems in energy efficiency
The purpose of this thesis was to study, how much energy is used in pumping fluids in each auxiliary system of marine main engine and to choose the system that is the most energy consuming. After choosing one system for closer observation the target was to study how pumping energy efficiency of that specific auxiliary system can be improved by changing the design, but still keeping the original technical limits for the system valid. 9L46 marine main engine was chosen as a reference engine for all calculations and all the component data for each part and unit of different manufacturer was obtained from the TERPS database in Wärtsilä Ship power's intranet page. Based on the calculated results a ballpark economical estimate of investment difference between a normal system and an energy efficient system was made.
Green Roofs : a guide to their design and Installation
Improving building energy efficiency through novel hybrid models and control approaches including a data center case study
A study of energy efficiency systems for buildings using a data-based consumption model
Handbook of diesel engines
Improvement of small-scale CHP plant
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Improving energy efficiency and environmental sustainability of a bulk carrier
Service interest and  cluster membership : who are the pioneering  users in energy efficiency  service markets?
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Net zero energy buildings integrated with multi-generation technologies : balance metrics, energy matching and economic analyses
Light's labour's lost : policies for energy-efficient lighting
Executive summary (s. 11-24).
Energy-efficient industrial systems : evaluation and implementation
Passive houses in Sweden : experiences from design and construction phase
Light and Efficient Solutions - light : final report 4/2014 : 2009-2014
Creating an Environmental Comparison System for Sustainable Construction Materials :  A Case Study – Insulation
Conference proceedings : 15th international passive house conference 2011
Innovative Houses : concepts for sustainable living
This thesis considers data transmission in a full-duplex (FD) multiuser multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) system, where a FD capable base station (BS) bidirectionally communicates with multiple half-duplex (HD) users in downlink (DL) and uplink (UL) channels using the same radio resources. The main challenge in FD communications is how to deal with the self-interference (SI) between transmit and receive antennas at the BS. The work carried out in the thesis is motivated by recent advanced techniques in hardware design demonstrating that the SI can be suppressed to a degree that possibly allows for FD transmission in cellular networks. In particular, this thesis attempts to explore the potential gains in terms of the spectral efficiency (SE) and energy efficiency (EE) that can be brought by the FD MU-MIMO model. As the first of its kinds, the thesis aims to present a solid mathematical framework and report interesting results that foster research on wireless communications in general and FD communications in particular.For the FD system of interest the major challenge is due to the SI and co-channel interference from users in the UL channel to the ones in the DL channel, resulting in the coupling between the two channels. As a result we are concerned with the problem of joint transmit processing design to maximize the SE and EE subject to certain power constraints. Since the design problems are natually non-convex, it is difficult to find the globally optimal solutions or even when possible it is not practically appealing. Our contributions to solving these design problems are on the development of several iterative algorithms that can obtain locally optimal solutions. The proposed algorithms are built upon a framework of local optimization strategies such as the sequential parametric convex approximation and the Frank-Wolfe methods. In special cases closed-form designs are also presented.The reported results show that when the SI is sufficiently suppressed the considered FD MU-MIMO system with the proposed SE designs achieves a significantly better SE but consumes more energy, compared to the HD counterpart. In terms of EE the proposed EE scheme is superior to the proposed SE design. Moreover, in the low transmit power region, the EE design achieves a worse EE than the HD system but a better one in the high trasmit power regime when the SI power is low.
Testing of energy calculation program for energy renovations in modular buildings
The effect of (negative) emotion on pro-environmental behavior : an application of the theory of planned behavior
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
In-plane tire deformation measurement using a multi-laser sensor system
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
Climate change and energy efficiency in industry
Moisture behavior in buildings : an integrated design and control strategy for energy efficient and healthy buildings
Exergy - a useful concept
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
In this research, the best measures will be looked into for improving energy efficiency such as optimization of ships' speed, optimal routes planned according to weather conditions, maintenance of hull & machine and etc. All these measures and precautions are considered with the depending of different types of ship, cargo and other effects. Ships' statistical data and detailed information about ship energy efficiency will be gathered from both shipping companies and partner universities. Various statistical methods, operations research and optimization techniques will be employed for the improving energy efficiency of ships. In conclusion, a DSS will be developed for real-time energy monitoring and making optimal decisions during ship operations intended to be used by the captain of the ship and onboard personnel and ship management operators onshore. Thus, the shipping industry will obtain medium to large long-term gains in terms of monetary and environmental benefits as well as strengthening the awareness of the situation for onboard personnel.
Introduction to energy analysis
Particle size distribution and suspension stability in aqueous submicron grinding of CaCO3 and TiO2
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Strategic plan for the implementation of energy efficient renovation and construction in Northern parts of Russia
Promoting energy efficiency investments : case studies in the residential sector
A guide to efficient energy management in the tourism sector
Green lighting : how energy-efficient lighting can save you money and reduce your carbon footprint
Property management by calculatory methods
Energy efficiency and climate protection around the Mare Balticum
Real prospects for energy efficiency in the United States
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
A handbook on low-energy buildings and district-energy systems : fundamentals, techniques and examples
The bottomless well : the twilight of fuel, the virtue of waste, and why we will never run out of energy
Enabling energy-efficient and backhaul-aware next generation heterogeneous networks
Energy efficiency via heterogeneous network
Energy efficiency in focus : REHVA workshops at Clima 2007 : Helsinki, Finland 10-14 June 2007
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
EU climate policy : industry, policy interaction, and external environment
Environmental and energy products : the benefits of liberalising trade
Transmission strategies for full-duplex multiuser MIMO communications systems
Green energy and efficiency : an economic perspective
Decompression approaches for energy-efficient configware decoding in CGRAs
A comparative study on campus sustainability in higher education sector in Hong Kong and Finland
Smart grid : linking sustainable electricity provision and consumption
