http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8338 audiovisual study material
audiovisual study material
Taking advantage of media : a manual for parents and teachers
A different journey : the puzzle behind the production
The A-Z of video and audio-visual jargon
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
The psychology of the use of audio-visual aids in primary education
Audio-visual materials and techniques
Photoshop 2.5
The Power filmmaking kit : make your professional movie on a next-to-nothing budget
Assessing visual rhetoric : problems, practices and possible solutions
The analysis of the instructor accounts reveals three kinds of closely related problems inherent in the assessment of multimodality. First, there is a problem associated with the use of conventional criteria of texts, such as clarity or coherence, when instructors attempt to apply those to visuals. Secondly, there is a problem associated with the instructors attempt to describe the inter-dynamic relationship between the textual mode and the visual mode. These problems are related by a term, ''linkage,'' which is defined as containing material, technical, and theoretical aspects. Finally, there is a problem in the actual assessment of the projects that seems to be a consequence of the multiplicity of meaning available in the complex compositions. The instructors seem to abandon a criterion motivated assessment in favor of a more holistic procedure that relies upon implicit standards of rhetorical affect or creative or aesthetic qualities. The study concludes with recommendations for improved assessment practice and suggestions for further research.
Producing teaching materials : a handbook for teachers and trainers
The teacher’s guide to music, media, and copyright law
Visuals for the language classroom
Look here! : visual aids in language teaching
Video programmes as learning tools : teaching the gas laws and behaviour of gases in Finnish and Canadian senior high schools : separate appendix printout
Swedish phrase book & CD
Audio-visual aids for cooperative education and training
Zeitgeschichte in Film und Fernsehen : Analyse - Dokumentation - Didaktik = Contemporary history in Film and television
Presentations for librarians : a complete guide to creating effective, learner-centred presentations
The use of audio-visual material in EFL teaching
Interact here : designing & implementing interactive video into corporate communications and learnings
Digital storytelling in the classroom : new media pathways to literacy, learning, and creativity
Media in foreign language teaching and learning
Audiovisual methods in teaching
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
Designing video and multimedia for open and flexible learning
Educational podcasts : towards a pedagogy for mobile learning
Dancetime DVD! : 500 years of social dance. Volume 2, 20th century
Audiovisual training modules
On educational game design : building blocks of flow experience
Visual pedagogy : media cultures in and beyond the classroom
History and the audio-visual media : the proceedings of the VI International Conference on History and the Audiovisual Media
Turns, leaps & bounds
Using authentic video in the language classroom
Understanding the digital generation : teaching and learning in the new digital landscape
"First things first" : an educational video for acute triage assesment
This study examines the professed and actual practices of assessment of freshman year composition instructors. The aim of the study was to elicit the criteria and standards of assessment that guided the instructor's readings of the documents created by students for a visual rhetoric assignment. A set of interviews conducted at the beginning and end of the semester provided the data for analysis. A traditional grounded method of qualitative analysis was combined with a network textual analysis to understand the individual instructor accounts of their experience evaluating the student works.
Preparing for blended e-learning
Abstract: Compilation of the Learning Material for Education in Vocational Qualification in Audiovisual Communications in North Karelian College Outokumpu.
Design & layout
The visual element in language teaching
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
The first contact point in Emergency Department is called Triage. It is a system used to prioritize and to recognize the severity of patient's condition when arriving at hospital. This examination is a rapid, systematic and concise which include primary and secondary assessments. The triage decision making and the role of a triage nurse is vital in managing the workload in triage system. Therefore, sufficient knowledge is imperative so that the treatments or the cares will be given properly. The primary objective of this is to scale the patient's health problems before seeing the physician. The purpose of this thesis is to produce a video as a teaching material about acute triage clinical examination for the student of TAMK and to educate how to carry out triage assessments. The approach used in this thesis is Functional which is composed of two parts which are a theoretical part and a product. The theoretical one covers the whole process of the thesis, video making and reflects the general information about triage system as well primary and secondary triage assessment. Triage decision making and prioritizing of care is also explained in this chapter. Finally, the outcome of the product is video. The video serves as an educational material for the student of TAMK. It increases and widens their knowledge about triage and also shows how important the role of triage nurses in decision making.  It is important for the students to understand and be familiar with triage. Enough knowledge about patient's health problems and proper intervention is significant to manage the patients. By learning triage, it gives more information about prioritizing the patient's needs and the importance of decision making when working in hospital. A further research study is recommended about the satisfaction of triage system as a clinical risk management tool in Emergency Departments.
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Guide to the production and use of audio-visual aids in library and information science teaching
Video programmes as learning tools : teaching the gas laws and behaviour of gases in Finnish and Canadian senior high schools
Macro Mind Director 3.1
Dancetime DVD! : 500 years of social dance. Volume 1, 15th - 19th centuries
Teaching primary history : key stages 1 and 2
