http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8342 cultural competence
cultural competence
Intercultural competence in education : alternative approaches for different times
Knowledge sharing in a Finnish MNC : a social process perspective
Be on your best cultural behavior : how to avoid social and professional faux pas when dining, traveling, conversing and entertaining
Health care in a multicultural society : the perception of health care professionals about their clinical cultural competence in Central Ostrobothnia Central Hospital, Kokkola
Nurses' experiences of multicultural clients in sexual and reproductive health care in Kokkola
A global view on intercultural management : challenges in a globalized world
Intercultural competence in industrial projects : a qualitative study of how project personnel describe intercultural encounters in industrial projects
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Diversity and cultural competence in health care : a systems approach
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
The purpose of this volume is to identify and analyze the mechanisms and processes through which concepts and institutions of transcultural phenomena gain and are given momentum. Applied to a range of cases, including examples drawn from ancient Greece and modern India, the early modern Portuguese presence in China and politics of elite-mass dynamics in the Peoples Republic of China, the book provides a template for the study of transcultural dynamics over time. Besides the epochal range, the papers in this volume illustrate the thematic diversity assembled under the umbrella of the Heidelberg Cluster of Excellence Asia and Europe in a Global Context. Drawing from both the humanities and social sciences, stretching across several world areas and centuries, the book is an interdisciplinary work, aptly reflected in the collaboration of its editors: a historian and political scientist.
Global health care : issues and policies
Birth models that work
Abstract: The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting and show nurses how they can provide culturally sensitive end of life care for their patients. The research question What is culturally sensitive care at the end of life in the acute ward setting, and how can nurses provide it? Madeleine Leininger's theory of Cultural Care Diversity and Universality has been used to provide a framework for writing this paper. The paper was written by conducting a systematic litrature review was perfromed by using well known electronic databases and manuals search methods. The articles choosen met the six selection criteria as well as answering the research question. The articles were analysed using a method which is based on the method described by Elo and Kyngäs (2008). During the data analysis process, seven main themes and two sub themes emerged that are a part of providing culturally sensitive end of life care. The seven major themes are; Death and Dying is a Complex Issue, Culture Plays a Part in Determining a Good Death, A Person's Beliefs Affect Their View, Nurses Have a Important Role, There Needs to be Clear Communication, The Definition of a Good Death is Individual, Areas That Need Improvement. The two sub themes are; Shared Aspects of a Good Death and Shared Aspects of a Undignified Death. Each of these themes will then combine to form the patient's own personal world view. It was possible to relate each of these themes to issues that were raised by Leininger in her theory. Death is and increasingly complex and diverse issue that nurses face today and with the rapidly aging population it is a challenge that acute care nurses will face on an increasingly routine basis. The most important role of the nurse when it comes to providing end of life care is the development and implementation of comprehensive and culturally sensitive end of life care plans in partnership with patients. Once such plans are developed in falls to the nurse to ensure that they are followed, after all it is only by following the wishes patients that have been outlined in such plans can nurses help patients to die a dignified and peaceful death.
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Educational Interventions to Improve Nurses' and Nursing Students' Cultural Competence  : A Literature Review
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
Forget IQ and EQ; for today's global leaders, CQ, Cultural Intelligence, is the essential attribute for achieving business goals.
Experiences of ethnic minority nursing students in healthcare: a systematic literature review
Transcultural concepts in nursing care
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
Understanding global strategy
Handbook of college and university teaching : a global perspective
Ethnic sensitive substance abuse work : services for non-Finnish speaking clients in substance abuse treatment units in Finland today
Expatriation and Cross Cultural Training
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Intercultural learning in non-formal education : theoretical framework and starting points
Intercultural Competence : managing Cultural Diversity : training handbook
Leading with cultural intelligence : the new secret to success
Increasing employees' intercultural knowledge and competence : case Also Finland Oy
Cultural competence : nursing science perspective : concept analysis
Constructing intercultural competence in Italian social service and healthcare organizations : pedagogical design, effectiveness research, and alternative visions for promoting ethnorelativism
Effects of Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series Standard and organizational learning on core competencies building
Intercultural skills for international business and international relations : a practical introduction with exercices
"The present volume comprises the first publication in Germany of a full-volume book on teaching the so-called New English Literatures and Cultures. It provides an exemplary survey of the challenges teachers of English are currently faced with, i.e. the opening towards the post-colonial world, and the changing realities of the world we live in"--P. [vii].
Multicultural counseling competencies : assessment, education and training, and supervision
Today, the multiculturalism of any company’s clientele is increasing and the role of different cultures in customer service situations is growing. The topic for this thesis emerged from the author’s own experiences as a customer servant in the Case Company that was the commissioner of this thesis. The Company has plenty of foreign customers in the Oulu region and thus, improving the customer service of foreign customers is a current and an important issue. The objective of the thesis was to examine how the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company could be improved in practice. The study focused on the main channels of customer service in the Company: telephone services, electronic customer service and customer service at the service desk. The objective was also to introduce ideas for creating even more pleasant intercultural customer service situations for both the customer servants and the foreign customers of the Case Company in the future. The study was conducted using three qualitative research methods: an email interview, document analyses and participant observations. The collected data was analyzed and interpreted in the context of theories about customer service, intercultural communication and intercultural competence. The results of the study suggested that the key to improving the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company would be to offer regular training for the customer servants and to invest in developing the electronic customer service for foreign customers. Creating a comprehensive plan for consistently improving the customer service of foreign customers in the future could be more effective than single improvements.
Finnish teachers' attitudes about Muslim students and Muslim student integration
The dynamics of transculturality : concepts and institutions in motion
Cultural intelligence : CQ: the competetive edge for leaders crossing borders
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life : a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
For people who come from other countries to live in Finland, the impact of settlement and acculturation varies widely depending on their experience and situation. There are many determinants of health and well-being from outside of the health system. Finland is becoming more responsive to the needs of people from diverse backgrounds. This research explains in general the plight of the Kurdish women having immigrated into Finland. A woman's position in this society is slow to change. These women have experienced various factors in their everyday lives such as patriarchy, political issues, different environments, diff erent languages and cultures. In this research I have shown that those factors directly and indirectly infl uence the Kurdish woman in Finland's health situation. I have likewise proposed a project plan in order to solve these problems. The findings of this research study could be used for planning of the methods in the health promotion project, developing personal health promotion skills of the Central Council for Health Education and Promotion for Kurdish immigrant women..
In search of intercultural understanding : a practical guidebook for living and working across cultures
The Sage encyclopedia of intercultural competence. 2
Cultural intelligence of host country nationals and its effect on the cross cultural adjustment of expatriates
Developing critical cultural competence : a guide for 21st-century educators
Responding to changing student demographics in Finland : a study of teachers' developing cultural competence
The experiences of multicultural patients regarding the attitudes of nurses : a literature review
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life: a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Critical zone 1 : a forum of Chinese and Western knowledge
Investigating cultural studies in foreign language teaching : a book for teachers
Cultural competence in health promotion and experienced by the Kurdish women in Finland
Intercultural business English : working in Russia and Eastern Europe
Global sourcing project management : Study of local implementation processes
Intercultural learning and competence : the learning process from pre-expatriation to post-repatriation
Counseling across cultures
State of the Art der interkulturellen Kompetenz: Ausgewiesene Experten aus Forschung und Praxis und dem In- und Ausland ziehen eine Zwischenbilanz und zeigen innovative Wege für die Zukunft auf. Interkulturelle Kompetenz ist heute eine Schlüsselqualifikation für den beruflichen Erfolg. Was sind jedoch deren wissenschaftlichen Grundlagen? Wie kann sie in Schule, Hochschule und Betrieb erworben und entwickelt werden? Wie wirkt sich interkulturelle Kompetenz in Praxisfeldern wie Unternehmenskultur, Friedens- und Sicherheitspolitik, Entwicklungszusammenarbeit, Migration und Personalentwicklung aus? Anwendungsorientierte wissenschaftliche Analysen und theoretisch reflektierte Praxisbeiträge geben in einem transdisziplinären Dialog Antworten auf diese Fragen.
The Sage encyclopedia of intercultural competence. 1
Pain expression in different cultures : a quality study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Teachers' intercultural learning and competence
Pain expression in different cultures : a qualitative study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Teaching the New English cultures & literatures
Developing cultural competence in training of Finnish Rapid Deployment Forces' conscripts
The need for cultural coaching : A study of the state of cultural education in international business studies in Tamk and other universities of applied science
Guide to culturally competent health care
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a Case Company
Working with ethnic minorities and across cultures in western child protection systems
Finnish expatriates' adaptation to a multicultural environment
Cultural competence in sports medicine
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Critical zone 2 : a forum of Chinese and western knowledge
Indigenous social work around the world : towards culturally relevant education and practice
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care: applied systematic literature review
Critical zone 3 : a forum of Chinese and Western knowledge
This volume brings together prominent international scholars involved in both western and indigenous social work to discuss some of the most significant global trends and issues relating to indigenous and cross-cultural social work.
International handbook on diversity management at work : country perspectives on diversity and equal treatment
Evidence-based practices in providing culturally competent nursing care for ethnic minority patients in years 2000-2009: a literature review
Covers the cross-cultural social relations in the work setting, and provides an evaluation of the frameworks for understanding cross-cultural differences. This book contains case studies and examples taken from various regions of the world. It focuses on the issues and frameworks underlying the study of culture like the role of language.
Intercultural competence : concepts, challenges, evaluations
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Consideration and Utilization of Employees' Cultural Backgrounds : case Company: Global Intelligence Alliance Group Oy
The cultural dimension of development : towards a practical approach
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
Race, culture, and counselling
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Community oral health practice for the dental hygienist
Teaching foreign languages for tourism : research and practice
Abstract.
Cultural Competence Guide in Southern China for Foreign Companies
Cultural sensibility in healthcare : a personal & professional guidebook
Working life based foresight information in human resource development and managing
Multi-professional view on health and culture of elderly immigrants
Enhancing the cultural competence of social workers
Tiivistelmä: Ethnic Sensitive Substance Abuse Work, Services for Non-Finnish Speaking Clients in Substance Abuse Treatment Units in Finland Today.
Reflecting on culture in the classroom : complexities of navigating third spaces in teacher education
This text stresses the importance of recognising different cultural attitudes, beliefs and expectations so that behaviour can be modified accordingly to reflect sensitivity to their patients' needs. The ultimate aim is a comfortable and positive health care experience for patients. "Cultural Competence in Sports Medicine" defines the concept, explains why it is important and uses examples specific to professionals working with athletes.
This book explores the concept of intercultural competence, focusing specifically on education. Intercultural competence can vary depending on the field of research or the context of application and has therefore developed over recent decades. As the world becomes increasingly global intercultural competence has become even more important but it is still not practiced satisfactorily. This book highlights views which are at odds with official and orthodox positions on intercultural competence to encourage fresh approaches to intercultural competence. It will be invaluable for researchers, practitioners and students interested in the global possibilities of education. .
Cross-cultural management in work organisations
How to play with dragons? : Chinese cultural standards from a Finnish perspective
A cultural dimension in language education : a comparative study in culture teaching between a TCF and TFF class
Managing and developing diversity is on the political and business agenda in many countries; therefore diversity management has become an area of knowledge and practice in its own right. Yet all too often it is referred to as a unifying concept, as if it were to be interpreted uniformly across all cultures and countries. The contributors to this volume expertly examine the relationship between diversity management and equality legislation within the different participating countries’ national contexts. They advocate that such separation and sequencing between equality at work and diversity management is far from natural. This Handbook will be greatly appreciated by scholars who wish to better contextualize their research and will also provide policy-makers with benchmark data regarding equal treatment and diversity as understood in other countries.
Health assessment in nursing
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a case company
Abstract: Analysis of good practices and used methods in research articles of  culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review.  Background: The ever-increasing multicultural population in the world creates a significant challenge to nurses providing  individualized and holistic care to their patients. Finland is one of the countries that are facing these challenges. In between  1973 and 2003, 22 250 refugees immigrated to Finland and they started facing problems related to cultural differences. The  social and health care system then needs to develop cultural competence care in immigration population. This final project is  a part of Local and Global Development in Health Care, which is a joint project between social and health care.  Purpose: The purpose of this final project is to describe the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent  care.  Method: Using an applied systematic literature review, the author appraise the methodological rigor of studies published in  English from 2000-2009. These include: qualitative and quantitative study, full article for review, and targeted studies to  describe the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent care. The most common reasons for exclusion  were that the finding was not relevant to the study questions. The conceptual framework for this study is based on the  Papadopoulos, Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence.  Results: This study describes the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent care. This review  confirms that there was uniformity of used methods in the articles. These are: interviews and questioners, and surveys from  recorded or available data. These methods help to explore the minority's experience of culturally competent care in health  care. This best practices analysis describe that racial and ethnic minority respondents were more likely to perceive bias and  lack of culturally competent care when seeking treatment in the health care system overall than whites. Perceptions of  racism and mistrust of whites had a significant negative effect on trust and satisfaction from received care. Patients'  preferences for a same race or same ethnicity physician were also associated as a preferable encounter in patient-physician  relationships.  Conclusion: This review confirms that there is uniformity in the data collecting methods such as focus group and telephone  interviews, questioners and records or available method. These methods help to identify the minority's challenges in their  health and illness needs. According to this review the minority patient were experiencing different challenges and bias.  Some of the challenges were language barriers, language and racial discriminations, and communication problems. These  kinds of problems lead the minority patients to dissatisfaction of their care and poor communication. Developing  transcultural nursing practice is a key factor to minimize cultural challenges and to provide quality patient care.
Human-centric modelling of construction technology transfer for international operations
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was  to identify effective educational interventions designed to improve nurses' and nursing students'  self-reported  cultural competence and   describe the outcome of these interventions. The knowledge gained from this literature   review can be used to further develop and amplify the contents of cultural competence   trainings and improve health care for ethnic minorities. Our final project was part of the   Local and Global Development in Social Services and Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  The final project consisted of a systematic literature review of 18 research articles, three   literature reviews and one meta-analysis. All the articles were systematically collected from   the databases CINAHL and MEDLINE or extracted manually from bibliographies and high   quality nursing journals.  The findings indicated that cultural competence training is effective in increasing nurses'  and nursing students' self-reported cultural competence. 15 out of the 18 research articles   indicated statistically significant improvements in the cultural competence levels reported   by professional nurses and nursing students after the educational intervention. These findings were also supported by three literature reviews and one meta-analysis. The positive   effect was present regardless of the training method. Effective training methods included   cultural immersion programs, service-learning, class-room and online teaching, DVDs and   other publications.  We found out that there are gaps in research evaluating the effects of nurses' and nursing'   students cultural competence education from the patient outcome perspective.
Culturally intelligent leadership : leading through intercultural interactions
Developing intercultural competence through education
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
TALENT MANAGEMENT IN CHINESE MULTINATIONAL CORPORATIONS : A Case Study of TCL Corporation
Cultural intelligence : living and working globally
Intercultural competence : an evaluation of diaries from a Comenius 2.1 Project
Intercultural communication : globalization and social justice
Stepping out of the shadows of colonialism to the beat of the drum. The meaning of music for five First Nations children with autism in Brittish Columbia, Canada
Writing out of limbo : international childhoods, global nomads and third culture kids
Mediator's intercultural competence in cross-cultural conflict resolution : Reflective ladder learning model
The cultural intelligence difference : master the one skill you can't do without in today's global economy
Multicultural social work practice : a competency-based approach to diversity and social justice
