http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8343 know-how
know-how
Case study of why information security investment fail?
Smart things to know about : knowledge management
Knowledge sharing in a Finnish MNC : a social process perspective
Corporate amnesia : keeping know-how in the company
The boys' book :  how to be best at everything
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Teacher self-efficacy beliefs and aims of pre-service English teachers
Burn your portfolio : stuff they don't teach you in design school, but should
"High-value talent management must be relevant to today's workplace Misplaced Talent takes a hard look at the cluttered field of Talent Management, and offers a clear guide to making better people decisions in any organization. Deliberately challenging practitioners to do more, this insightful discussion sorts through the tools and techniques developed over the last century to examine their true relevance to the modern workplace. You'll learn which activities show the greatest potential to improve the lives of employees and the organizations they work for, and identify which of your existing practices don't really add enough value to be worth the expenditure of time, money, and potentially lost talent. The author asks you to make up your own mind about which approaches work best for your own specific talent decisions, but provides the best theory and practice available today as a foundation upon which to formulate a more relevant strategy. In a world of big data, the potential to understand employees and react appropriately has never been greater. So why is Talent Management as an industry relying on outdated theory and practices? This book is a guide to bringing HR up to date, giving you the tools, techniques, and perspective you need to demonstrate more value to your organization. Adopt the tools and techniques most effective in today's workplace Identify and discard methods that don't add value to the organization Implement critical changes that can transform the HR function Make better people decisions based on psychology and research Fundamentally, not much has changed in what constitutes good people practice. Practitioners must demonstrate the value of Talent Management, but the solutions implemented often fall short of the rigor and discipline they deserve. Misplaced Talent provides the insight you need to refocus attention and engage your organization about the value of better people decisions"--
Localizing global production : know-how transfer in international manufacturing
More than just jobs : workforce development in a skills-based economy
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
Improving Vaisala HydroMeT'STM co-operation with distributors worldwide
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Abstract: The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting and show nurses how they can provide culturally sensitive end of life care for their patients. The research question What is culturally sensitive care at the end of life in the acute ward setting, and how can nurses provide it? Madeleine Leininger's theory of Cultural Care Diversity and Universality has been used to provide a framework for writing this paper. The paper was written by conducting a systematic litrature review was perfromed by using well known electronic databases and manuals search methods. The articles choosen met the six selection criteria as well as answering the research question. The articles were analysed using a method which is based on the method described by Elo and Kyngäs (2008). During the data analysis process, seven main themes and two sub themes emerged that are a part of providing culturally sensitive end of life care. The seven major themes are; Death and Dying is a Complex Issue, Culture Plays a Part in Determining a Good Death, A Person's Beliefs Affect Their View, Nurses Have a Important Role, There Needs to be Clear Communication, The Definition of a Good Death is Individual, Areas That Need Improvement. The two sub themes are; Shared Aspects of a Good Death and Shared Aspects of a Undignified Death. Each of these themes will then combine to form the patient's own personal world view. It was possible to relate each of these themes to issues that were raised by Leininger in her theory. Death is and increasingly complex and diverse issue that nurses face today and with the rapidly aging population it is a challenge that acute care nurses will face on an increasingly routine basis. The most important role of the nurse when it comes to providing end of life care is the development and implementation of comprehensive and culturally sensitive end of life care plans in partnership with patients. Once such plans are developed in falls to the nurse to ensure that they are followed, after all it is only by following the wishes patients that have been outlined in such plans can nurses help patients to die a dignified and peaceful death.
Wibbly Pig's silly big bear
Compliance and excellence
Good working life as Finland's competitiveness factor : report of the working life brand group
High potentials : the competitive edge within your company
Educational Interventions to Improve Nurses' and Nursing Students' Cultural Competence  : A Literature Review
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
Europe and the new technologies : six case studies in innovation and adjustment
Analyzing a packaging company : Case: 3Pack Group
Globalization of knowledge in the post-antique Mediterranean, 700-1500
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
In examining questions like these, Professor Fernand Gobet provides a comprehensive overview of the field of expertise. With research from a wide range of disciplines, including psychology, neuroscience, sociology, philosophy, education, law and artificial intelligence, this is the definitive guide to the subject.
Innovation in low-tech firms and industries
Ethnic sensitive substance abuse work : services for non-Finnish speaking clients in substance abuse treatment units in Finland today
Expatriation and Cross Cultural Training
Technological Progress, Skill Transferability and Equilibrium Unemployment
Learning and knowledge management in the firm : from knowledge accumulation to strategic capabilities
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
Knowledge Management in a Higher Education Institution : Case Oulu UAS
Education intelligence : networking makes the knowledge society strong : final report 2006
Finnish energy engineering and know-how for development
Skill and technology : the research theme Education-Work-Technology, 1977-1991, the Swedish Centre for Working Life & the Royal Institute of Technology
Ultimate CV : over 100 winning CVs to help you get the interview and the job
"'That's not my job.' If you don't want your employees to say that, why do you start your relationship by giving them a narrow task and competency focused description of their job? We need people to fulfil many different roles at work - yes the need todo their job, but they also need to contribute positive energy, collaborate, and take personal reasonability for innovation and personal development. How do they fit into a traditional job description? It is futile persevering with the job description borne out of the scientific management movement one hundred years ago. The world of work is vastly different to the assembly lines of the Ford Motor Company of the early twentieth-century. Building on the phenomenal success of The End of the Performance Review, Baker examines four essential 'Non-Job' roles that all employees must fulfil and shows how to create meaningful role descriptions that can help you recruit better people and enable them to deliver better results. "--
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
Internal integration during organizational transition : a supply chain perspective
Drive for future software leverage : the role, importance, and future challenges of software competences in Finland
Talent is overrated : what really separates world-class performers from everybody else
Copyrighting culture : the political economy of intellectual property
Today, the multiculturalism of any company’s clientele is increasing and the role of different cultures in customer service situations is growing. The topic for this thesis emerged from the author’s own experiences as a customer servant in the Case Company that was the commissioner of this thesis. The Company has plenty of foreign customers in the Oulu region and thus, improving the customer service of foreign customers is a current and an important issue. The objective of the thesis was to examine how the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company could be improved in practice. The study focused on the main channels of customer service in the Company: telephone services, electronic customer service and customer service at the service desk. The objective was also to introduce ideas for creating even more pleasant intercultural customer service situations for both the customer servants and the foreign customers of the Case Company in the future. The study was conducted using three qualitative research methods: an email interview, document analyses and participant observations. The collected data was analyzed and interpreted in the context of theories about customer service, intercultural communication and intercultural competence. The results of the study suggested that the key to improving the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company would be to offer regular training for the customer servants and to invest in developing the electronic customer service for foreign customers. Creating a comprehensive plan for consistently improving the customer service of foreign customers in the future could be more effective than single improvements.
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries : The Health and Welfare Institutions Cooperation Network HEWENET -project
Managing the development of valuable intellectual capital : the role of management control
Guide of competence and knowledge management
The information specialist in an expert role in a capacity building project : a unique possibility to enlarge the library ́s role and status in higher education
Theory development for competence-based management
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Valuation of intangible assets in different financial environments
Knowledge creation of multinational corporations : knowledge creation through action
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
For people who come from other countries to live in Finland, the impact of settlement and acculturation varies widely depending on their experience and situation. There are many determinants of health and well-being from outside of the health system. Finland is becoming more responsive to the needs of people from diverse backgrounds. This research explains in general the plight of the Kurdish women having immigrated into Finland. A woman's position in this society is slow to change. These women have experienced various factors in their everyday lives such as patriarchy, political issues, different environments, diff erent languages and cultures. In this research I have shown that those factors directly and indirectly infl uence the Kurdish woman in Finland's health situation. I have likewise proposed a project plan in order to solve these problems. The findings of this research study could be used for planning of the methods in the health promotion project, developing personal health promotion skills of the Central Council for Health Education and Promotion for Kurdish immigrant women..
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Richard Scarry's this is me
You can do it too!
Reengineering corporate training : intellectual capital and transfer of learning
The cultural intelligence difference : master the one skill you can't do without in today's global economy
Cases (examples of APL practice) : what can be learnt?
Consulting to management
Essays in the economics of knowledge; innovation, collaboration, and organizational complementaries
Medication competence requirements of a graduating registered nurse : towards national consensus
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
The girls' handbook : essential skills a girl should have
The effect of audit partner's experience on audit fees
Sustainable thought leadership : how to build awareness and credibilty to support business
Job rotation has become an organizational tool used to widen an employee's perspective by enabling a person to switch between jobs. Yleisradio Oy took on job rotation in an organized way in the beginning of the year 2010. Due to financial cutbacks Yleisradio Oy is downsizing its operations and thus job rotation will become more necessary in the upcoming years. This thesis looks at managing know-how in job rotation with special emphasis on the manager's point of view on different aspects of the subject. This is meant for managers to help them react in situations of change which affect their departments as employees are coming to or leaving from their teams.  Job rotation is still in its early stages in organizations around the globe and thus there is not much research done on the subject. For this thesis primary research was conducted with in-depth interviews of nine managers in Yleisradio Oy. Job rotation influences not only the person taking part in the process but also their colleagues as well as their manager. Benefits of job rotation come to the employee taking part in job rotation, the department where they are leaving from, the department where they are going to as well as the organization as a whole. All these sectors which are influenced by job rotation have different needs and wants concerning the issue. These issues are handled in this thesis to provide insight into their relations with job rotation. Managers are the integral piece in the rotation process. They are the link between all the people affected by employees taking part in job rotation. Managers have to have good leadership skills to take into consideration the feelings of the employee coming to or leaving from their department as well as the rest of their subordinates as the change emerges. Managers also need to have good connections to the human resource department as well as to other managers to share thoughts and bounce ideas so that they have a good support system. This comes up especially when redefining concepts how to better manage the know-how which employees have as they switch jobs.
Education, tenure and innovation in manufacturing firms
Learning translation : an empirical study into the acquisition of interlingual text production skills
Strenghts perspective in social work
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life: a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
An age management challenge: a study on company knowledge transfer from senior emloyees' to the company's utilization :  research of KPMG Oy Ab
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Building future competitiveness from competence management to knowledge management and beyond
Coaching for change
The end of the job description : shifting from a job-focus to a performance-focus
Summary (s. 9-20).
Developing the measurement and management of knowledge : applying the constructive research approach in a knowledge intensive service environment
Cultural competence in health promotion and experienced by the Kurdish women in Finland
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
Global sourcing project management : Study of local implementation processes
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Designer Profile Model : A Mentor's Tool for Understanding the Design Persona of Mature Students
Information pathways for the competence foresight mechanism in talent management framework
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Competence change in contract R&D : analysis of project nets
China's creative imperative : how creativity is transforming society and business in China
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
Misplaced talent : a guide to making better people decisions
Wibbly Pig likes playing
Associations of early adolescents' reading difficulties with their reading-related task values, competence beliefs and achievement emotions
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Management knowledge : a critical view
Knowledge creation in foresight : a practice- and systems-oriented view
Lonely Planet's instant expert : a visual guide to the skills you've always wanted
Abstract: Nurses's professional skills : what kind of professional skills are required from nurses on children's hematology and cancer ward in Kuopio University hospital?.
Pain expression in different cultures : a qualitative study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
The young professional's survival guide : from cab fares to moral snares
Competence management and human resource development : a theoretical framework for understanding the practices of modern Finnish organisations
Human capital, guest-worker immigration and endogenous growth : the host-country perspective
Enhancing capabilities sharing in acquisitions : -the perspective of human resources management
The need for cultural coaching : A study of the state of cultural education in international business studies in Tamk and other universities of applied science
Hygiene proficiency in Finland in 2002-2005
How to drive a tank ... and other everyday tips for the modern gentleman
The live e-learning cookbook : recipes for success
Enhancing competences for competitive advantage
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Developing and implementing knowledge management in the Parliament of Finland
Essentials of knowledge management
Research in competence-based management
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a Case Company
Women, work & the art of savoir faire : business sense & sensibility
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Competences, innovation and profitability of firms
Competency-based vocational education : a case study
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
Education and innovative capabilities
Competence inventory assessment in IT-consultancy  : Case development
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Marketing strategy research for Hubei cereals, oil and foodstuff import and export corporation
Technology know-how capture
Value assessment of prior learning
Developing core competencies through knowledge transfer in business relationships
Perceptions of entrepreneurship among future creative professionals : results of a survey for university students in Finland, Estonia and Latvia : Creative Entrepreneurship Training Network -project
The boys' handbook : essential skills a boy should have
The Deliverability of the BIT Programme at Lahti UAS in Training BIT Experts
Social and caring professions in European welfare states : Policies, services and professional practices
Wibbly Pig likes pictures
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
I can do it too!
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
Repatriates as knowledge transferors in MNCS
Nurses' perception of their knowledge and expertise in breast cancer care
Assessment of prior learning in vocational teacher education
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Paddington the artist
Abstract.
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Cultural Competence Guide in Southern China for Foreign Companies
Practical intelligence : nature and origins of competence in the everyday world
Working life based foresight information in human resource development and managing
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Coaching competencies and corporate leadership
Managing know-how in job rotation : case: Yleisradio Oy
Creating You & Co. : learn to think like the ceo of your own career
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
Educational leadership : policy dimensions in the 21st century
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization  : An empirical analysis of the New Product Development process
Tiivistelmä: Ethnic Sensitive Substance Abuse Work, Services for Non-Finnish Speaking Clients in Substance Abuse Treatment Units in Finland Today.
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Implementing competence-based strategies
Understanding expertise : a multi-disciplinary approach
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Designing a model for business training in Finnish biotechnology companies
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
The transfer of economic knowledge
Talent management: Myth or Reality in Today's SMEs : A study into the importance and use of talent management within small and medium-sized enterprises
Pisa06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Skills competitions in Finland for people with special needs
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Who gets promoted, who doesn't, and why
eCompetence for social work
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Customer Representatives As Part-Time Marketers Of Online Services : Case: Tapiola General Mutual Insurance Company
Karaoke capitalism : management for mankind
Theoretical underpinnings in analysing professional expertise
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a case company
An empirical study of factors influencing the process for acquiring R&D knowledge in MNC context
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was  to identify effective educational interventions designed to improve nurses' and nursing students'  self-reported  cultural competence and   describe the outcome of these interventions. The knowledge gained from this literature   review can be used to further develop and amplify the contents of cultural competence   trainings and improve health care for ethnic minorities. Our final project was part of the   Local and Global Development in Social Services and Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  The final project consisted of a systematic literature review of 18 research articles, three   literature reviews and one meta-analysis. All the articles were systematically collected from   the databases CINAHL and MEDLINE or extracted manually from bibliographies and high   quality nursing journals.  The findings indicated that cultural competence training is effective in increasing nurses'  and nursing students' self-reported cultural competence. 15 out of the 18 research articles   indicated statistically significant improvements in the cultural competence levels reported   by professional nurses and nursing students after the educational intervention. These findings were also supported by three literature reviews and one meta-analysis. The positive   effect was present regardless of the training method. Effective training methods included   cultural immersion programs, service-learning, class-room and online teaching, DVDs and   other publications.  We found out that there are gaps in research evaluating the effects of nurses' and nursing'   students cultural competence education from the patient outcome perspective.
Rules of thumb : a life manual
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
E-tools and validation : areas of significance and dilemmas
The organization of manufacturing know-how
Measuring student knowledge and skills : a new framework for assessment
TALENT MANAGEMENT IN CHINESE MULTINATIONAL CORPORATIONS : A Case Study of TCL Corporation
Essential leadership: develop your leadership qualities through theory and practice
The disappearing wage premium of computer skills
The protection of know-how in 13 countries : reports to the 8. International Congress of Comparative Law, Pescara, 1970
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
Organizational learning and knowledge management in contexts
Developing job satisfaction
A journey into the core of the professional skill sets of small business entrepreneurs : a study based on a review of literature and a DACUM analysis
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Nuclear energy research strategy
