http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8340 participatory planning
participatory planning
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Implementation of co-design environment
Design, when everybody designs : an introduction to design for social innovation
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
Negotiated learning : collaborative monitoring in resource management
Facilitating climate transition : co-designing future scenarios and pathways to build capacity for change among citizens and policy makers
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Customer involvement in retail business : a case study in a grocery store context
A public toilet : a window to values and wellbeing of society
Rehearsing the future
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Design of embedded systems with telecommunications application
Use of the activity model in sport planning
Abstract: From togetherness to project activity : a case study on the development of a neighbourhood in Kainuu and the role of physical activity in joint planning.
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
Joyful participation in new ways of designing and making clothes : enabling person-product attachment to potentially reduce unnecessary consumption
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
Crowdsourcing : one step beyond
Supporting collaborative development : cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
Collaborative planning : shaping places in fragmented societies
Understanding the social economy of the United States
Spaceabilities : co-designing a tangible space for learning by understanding the intangible core Aalto's Creative Sustainability community
Spatial design interventions : co-design approaches in spatial design practices
Digitalization and the design of everyday life : steps in the evolution of a research agenda
Democratizing online political discussion : a practice-oriented exploration in service design
Designing for designers : the case Datafisher : customized design toolkit to support digital learning design processes
Reputation strategy and analytics in a hyper-connected world
Designing for service : key issues and new directions
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Creative tools
People's utility bicycle project
The practice level in participatory design rationale : studying practitioner moves and choices
From Co-design to convivial design: insights from engaging users in a participatory clothing design process
Collaboration and co-creation : new platforms for marketing and innovation
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Coordinated beamforming in cellular and cognitive radio networks
Design principles for mobile soundwalk applications
Co-creation and learning : concepts and cases
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Co creating [sic] : the future suburb
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Essential properties of open development communities : supporting growth, collaboration, and learning
Optimizing Innovation Management: A Customer Integration Perspective : How should Lead Customers be Integrated in Product Development to Optimize Innovation Management
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
The Artifact Project : promoting design learning in the elementary classroom
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Designing publics
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Management of customer co-development in business-to-business market
Semi-professional design catalog : access to digital tools and ideas
Oppiva kampus : how to co-create campus?
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
"Meubles habillés" : for a more sustainable society
Research methods for community change : a project-based approach
Enabling play : designing accessible playground equipment for and with children
Utilising crowdsourcing in a single product development project
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
EverymansStreet
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
CoPack : toolkit for training collaborative planning
Methods of mayhem : using role-playing games as a framework for co-design
We have a message - Suñu bat
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Advanced real-time prototyping environment for embedded DSP systems
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
What's mine is yours : how collaborative consumption is changing the way we live
Exploratory design of a locative tool for urban lifestyle sports communities : a case study in connecting locative and audiovisual media sharing aspects in Fusion software
Abcd handbook : a framework for evaluating community development
Co-created Corporate Story : Creating a Concept for Engaging Staff into Change Implementation
Facilitating change : towards resident-oriented housing modernisation with collaborative design
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
1001 - a collection and a questionnaire for Minimarket AB Stockholm
A softGIS revision : towards digitally mediated locative dialogue in support of urban planning
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Museums and communities : curators, collections and collaboration
Service design advantages, case service freedo.me : service mediating design fields freelancers and companies facing design challenges
Co-create 2013 : the Boundary-Crossing Conference on Co-Design in Innovation
Roadblocks in the way of the change : a case study with collaborative design workshops during a company's innovation culture building [sic]
Spatial dimensions of engagement : design guidelines for the creation of engaging work environments
Service design for playful mobile social media on campus
Lay participatory design : a way to develop information technology and activity together
You are important! : designing for health agents in Vila Rosário
Digital innovation : orchestrating network activities
Service co-production facilitation
Ghosts of organizations past : communities of organizations as settings for change
It's your turn : visual perception through the looking glass
Supporting awareness in creative group work by exposing design rationale
As the era of ever expanding markets and ample resources ends, governments and business will have to behave differently. The world is facing weak economic growth, limits to affordable resources and increasing concerns about environmental consequences. During the boom times, governments championed de-regulation and business responded by adopting an anything-goes attitude. In these straitened times, strategic analysis has to engage with the challenges that society faces to create resilient corporations fit for the 21st century.In Corporate strategy in the Age of Responsibility, Peter McManners, who has for nine years run strategy workshops on the Henley MBA focusing on the global business environment, sets about providing a strategic framework for navigating the new economic environment. Chief Sustainability Officers (CSOs) now exist, but they struggle to find the strategic rationale for the improvements they champion. The author argues that their good intentions often lack traction, partly because others in management don't get it, but also because they are not ambitious enough. The book is not about preaching semi-charitable behaviour or how to enhance the reputation of the corporation instead it is about surviving and thriving in a challenging and changing environment. A corporate audience familiar with strategy books will relate to this book, but will find it steers them towards radically new strategic thinking suitable for a turbulent period of transition.
Service design thinking in higher education : applying methods of service design and principles of non-formal education to raise the level of competitiveness of Russian university
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
A software framework for embedded real time audio systems
Analyses of historical and future problems of sustainable development : research articles in spatial sustainability analysis, planning and evaluation
Local partnerships for rural development : the European experience
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
Parle-moi : explorations of a recording cushion
Coaching the designer's mindset : using a design thinking approach when developing the work practices of 'non-designers' : case: Suunto's consumer exploration team
Motivating students towards planning and controlling of thinking activities : a constructivist approach to learning
Innovation, learning, and communities
When to use collaborative planning, forecasting and replenishment (CPFR) in retailing
A step towards the future of wellbeing : pharmacy service design case
Participatory inventory : a field manual written with special reference to Indonesia
Making community design work : a guide for planners
Approximation through interpolation in nonconvex multiobjective optimization
A case study on ubiquitous social networking : Fusion Mobile
Sustainist design guide : How sharing, localism, connectedness and proportionality are creating a new agenda for social design
Open innovation : the central role of initiator and facilitator
Serviceology for designing the future : selected and edited papers of the 2nd International Conference on Serviceology
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
Specification and system design of telecommunications systems
Energy equals masses in movement : an exploration of designed social situations
Explorations in Kannelmäki : building design knowledge through practice-based design research
Collaborative design rationale and social creativity in cultures of participation
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
Pelori : designing a digital service for maker projects through research
Storying learning in early childhood : when children lead participatory curriculum design, implementation, and assessment
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
Filming a new beginning : designing a new media learning practice by building on the personal interests of families in India
Yes in our backyard! : facilitating proactive citizen participation in urban planning
Vitalizing the Finnish design ecosystem : case: development of the national design network collaboration platform
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
INCOkit : a toolkit to support internal collaboration for service design teams working in a corporation
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Design casting : promoting value in design participation
Design games as a tool, a mindset and a structure
Service design in the age of collaboration : a case study on customization of mobile phone content
In the 20th century humanity consumed products faster than ever, but this way of living is no longer sustainable. This new and important book shows how technological advances are driving forms of 'collaborative consumption' which will change forever the ways in which we interact both with businesses and with each other. The average lawn mower is used for four hours a year. The average power drill is used for only twenty minutes in its entire lifespan. The average car is unused for 22 hours a day, and even when it is being used there are normally three empty seats. Surely there must be a way to get the benefit out of things like mowers, drills and even cars, without having to carry the huge up-front costs of ownership? There is indeed. Collaborative consumption is not just a buzzword, it is a new win-win way of life. This insightful and thought-provoking new book by Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers is an important and fast-moving survey of the dramatic changes we are seeing in the way we consume products. Many of us are familiar with freecycle, eBay, couchsurfing and Zipcar. But these are just the beginning of a new phenomenon. Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers have interviewed business leaders and opinion formers around the world to draw together the many strands of Collaborative Consumption into a coherent and challenging argument to show that the way we did business and consumerism in the 20th century is not the way we will do it in the 21st century.
How to be a home economics teacher
The co-creation edge : harnessing big data to transform sales and procurement for business innovation
Making futures : marginal notes on innovation, design, and democracy
Web-based co-design : social media tools to enhance user-centred design and innovation processes
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Co-creating an engaging brief for packaging development : case of a large confectionary company in Finland
Crowdsourcing
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Reaching out through comics : co-creating comics for environmental education
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Activating Fengxi retirees' life through service co-design : a design proposal and challenges
Corporate strategy in the age of responsibility
The Art of Product Design : changing how things get made
Living labs as open innovation networks : networks, roles and innovation outcomes
Participatory design of visual product identity concepts : towards a user experience styleguide
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
