http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8350 record companies
record companies
Howling at the moon : the true story of the mad genius of the music world
Respect yourself : Stax Records and the soul explosion
The Complete Sun singles. vol.3: from the vaults
The Roulette story CD 3 : two decades of American popular music 1957-1977 : hits and rarities
Confessions of a record producer : how to survive the scams and shams of the music business
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 6, Our trip around the world = Unsere Reise um die Erde : the Oriental expedition of Beka Records in 1905-1906
The Columbia 33000-F Irish series : a numerical listing
The Haçienda : how not to run a club
The A-Z of record labels
Spinning blues into gold : Chess Records: the label that launched the blues
The story of Naxos : the extraordinary story of the independent record label that changed classical recording for ever
How to succeed in the music business
Tapes, transgression and mundanity : the participatory engenderment of death metal and grindcore
All the moves (but none of the licks) : secrets of the record business
Project management in the Finnish music industry
Jasemusiikki - 20 years in music publishing
The Complete Sun singles. vol.5 : from the vaults
The effects of the digital revolution on talent scouting and talent launching in the music industry
The Famous Charisma Box : The History of Charisma Records 1968-1985
All things must pass
Hit men : power brokers and fast money inside the music business
Summer of Motown : 15 tracks from the world's greatest label
The Creation Records story : my magpie eyes are hungry for the prize
Hotel California : singer-songwriters and cocaine cowboys in the LA canyons 1967-1976
The complete encyclopedia of popular music and jazz 1900-1950. Volume 4, Indexes & appendices
Hotel California : the true-life adventures of Crosby, Stills, Nash, Young, Mitchell, Taylor, Browne, Ronstadt, Geffen, the Eagles, and their many friends
20 years of Nuclear Blast : the ultimate blasting audio compilation!
Nimbus : technology serving the arts
Motown : music, money, sex, and power
Studio One selector : the originals
Ruthless : a memoir
The ultimate survival guide to the new music industry : handbook for hell
The Complete Sun singles. vol.6: from the vaults
Motown : the golden years
The Complete Sun singles. vol.2 : from the vaults
The Dial Records southern soul story
Clive : inside the record business
Stax number ones
Where did our love go? : the rise & fall of the Motown sound
The band's guide to getting a record deal
How not to destroy your career in music : avoiding the common mistakes most musicians make
The classical long playing record : design, production and reproduction : a comprehensive survey
The Beatles' story on Capitol records. Part two, The albums
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 2
Permanent Vacation : selected label works. N:o 2
Motown 50 : yesterday, today, forever
Project Management in the Finnish Music Industry
Sounds and silence : travels with Manfred Eicher
Towards global record sales : internationalisation process of small and medium-sized Finnish record companies operating in popular music industry
Tearing down the wall of sound : the rise and fall of Phil Spector
Dirty home of riot rock 'n' roll
Italian prog : the comprehensive guide to Italian progressive music 1967/1979
Blue Note : a story of modern jazz
Future propects for finnish independent record companies within the next five years
Jelly Roll, Bix, and Hoagy : Gennett Records and the rise of America's musical grassroots
AFM Records : 15 years metal addiction
Money will ruin everything : ten years of Rune Grammofon
Stiff : the story of a record label 1976-1982
The music business : career opportunities and self-defense
The Rhino Records story : the revenge of the music nerds
Our vinyl weighs a ton
Stuff the music business : the DIY guide to making it
Sex Pistols : 90 days at EMI
This business of artist management
Label launch : a guide to independent record recording, promotion, and distribution
The message : the story of Sugar Hill Records
London street jazz : 1988-2009: 21 years of Acid Jazz Records
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
From Joy Division to New Order : the true story of Anthony H. Wilson and Factory Records
Have gun will travel : the spectacular rise and violent fall of Death Row Records
Columbia country records : discography 1924-1932 : [Columbia 15000-D series]
Thriller : the musical life of Michael Jackson
The Roulette story CD 2: two decades of American popular music 1957-1977 : hits and rarities
The Beatles' story on Capitol records. Part one, Beatlemania & the singles
Bluenothing
The real deal : how to get signed a record label
Virgin : a history of Virgin Records
I Hate The Man Who Runs This Bar! : The survival guide for real musicians
Artist management for the music business
Factory Records : the complete graphic album
Three score & ten : a voice to the people : 70 years of the oldest independent record label in Great Britain
ECM Records Vol. II : the recordings 1969 - 2015
Sun Records : an oral history
Money Will Ruin Everything
Blue note trip : late nights, early mornings
Making people's music : Moe Asch and Folkways Records
Empire. The complete first season
The longest cocktail party : an insider's diary of The Beatles, their million-dollar Apple empire and its wild rise and fall
Decca Studios and Klooks Kleek : West Hampstead's musical heritage remembered
Punk USA : the rise and fall of Lookout! Records
The Flash Records story : popular platters-recorded and retailed
They fought the law : rock music goes to court
Dylan : behind closed doors : the recording sessions (1960-1994)
25 & alive : the finest in hard rock and metal
Our lives are shaped by what we love : Motown's Mowest story 1971-1973
Legal aspects of the music industry : an insider's view
Let The Minstrels Play On : The Best Of Muse : Superior Jazz Latin Fusion Grooves
The impact of digitization of music on the business models of record labels and consumer habits
Windy City soul : rare soul uncovered from One-derful! Records
Exploding : the highs, hits, hype, heroes, and hustlers of the Warner Music Group
Let them know : the story of Youth Brigade & BYO Records
Future Prospects for Finnish Independent Record Companies
The best of Golden Crest
The Beatles on Apple Records : the stories behind the entire Beatles catalog on Apple records - from Hey Jude and The white album through Anthology and Beatles 1
Empire. the complete second season
Studio One story
Tighten up! : the history of reggae in the UK
The Immediate Singles Collection
Becoming Elektra : the true story of Jac Holzman's visionary record label
Horizons touched : the music of ECM
Simply thrilled : the preposterous story of Postcard Records
The Motown story
E-Service of music industry for media
Who killed Martin Hannett? : the story of Factory Records' musical magician
The cover art of Blue Note Records : the collection
Confessions of a record producer : How to survive the scams and shams of the music business
Duke / Peacock Records : An illustrated history with discography
Blue Note : album cover art : the ultimate collection
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 5
Facing the other way : the story of 4AD
How soon is now? : the madmen and mavericks who made independent music 1975-2005
Those were the days : an unofficial history of the Beatles Apple Organization, 1967-2002
Rounder Records 40th anniversary concert
The Longest Cocktail Party : an insider's diary of the Beatles, their million-dollar Apple empire and its wild rise and fall
Ralph Peer and the making of popular music
The Complete Sun singles. vol.1 : from the vaults
The hit factory : The Stock Aitken Waterman story
King northern soul. Volume 3
Proprietary Audience Development audit for an independent record label: case Top Billin Music
The Complete Sun singles. vol.4 : from the vaults
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 1
Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay : the business of popular music
Overcoming the challenges facing a small record label in the music industry
Mouse tracks : the story of Walt Disney Records
Creation stories : riots, raves and running a label
Motown : music, money, sex and power
Rough Trade : labels unlimited
