http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8353 emotional life
emotional life
Managing emotions in the workplace
Sexed sentiments : interdisciplinary perspectives on gender and emotion
Brilliant psychology : how to understand yourself and other people
Understanding your feelings and emotions
The partner's guide to Asperger syndrome
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Effects of alcohol and emotional stimulation in a movie audience measured by group registration of galvanic skin responses
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Social perspectives on emotion. Vol. 2
The human spark : the science of human development
Attaching in adoption : practical tools for today's parents
Emotions : current issues and future directions
Peer rejection in childhood
The science of emotion : research and tradition in the psychology of emotions
The soul bird
The rise of consciousness and the development of emotional life
The expression of the emotions in man and animals
Something different about dad : how to live with your amazing Asperger's parent
Captivating : unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Emotion : theory, research, and experience. Vol. 1, Theories of emotion
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Emotional alchemy : how the mind can heal the heart
An analysis of the emotional problems of the teacher in the classroom
Affect, imaginery, consciousness. III : The negative affects : anger and fear
Captivating : a guided journal to aid in unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
The origin of everyday moods : managing energy, tension, and stress
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
Emotion science : cognitive and neuroscientific approaches to understanding human emotions
The teenage brain : a neuroscientist's survival guide to raising adolescents and young adults
Simply relax : the beginner's guide to relaxation
The SCERTS model : a comprehensive educational approach for children with autism spectrum disorders. Volume 2, Program planning and intervention
Reality Boy : a novel
Unmasking Japan : myths and realities about the emotions of the Japanese
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Raising our children, raising ourselves
The science of parenting   : practical guidance on sleep, crying, play and building emotional wellbeing for life
"Synthesizing decades of influential research and theory, Michael Lewis demonstrates the centrality of consciousness for emotional development. At first, infants' competencies constitute innate reactions to particular physical events in the child's world. These "action patterns" are not learned, but are readily influenced by temperament and social interactions. With the rise of consciousness, these early competencies become reflected feelings, giving rise to the self-conscious emotions of empathy, envy, and embarrassment, and, later, shame, guilt, and pride. Focusing on typically developing children, Lewis also explores problems of atypical emotional development"--
The emotions. Volume 1
Aptitude, learning, and instruction. Vol. 3, Conative and affective process analyses : proceedings of a conference ... held at Stanford University, May 15-17, 1983
Something different about dad : how to live with your Asperger's parent
Observing children with attachment difficulties in preschool settings : a tool for identifying and supporting emotional and social difficulties
Children's emotional lives : sensitive shadows in the classroom
The wisdom of psychopaths : lessons in life from saints, spies and serial killers
Caring for people in pain
The psychology of happiness
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Talk of love : how culture matters
The lottery
The role of physical activity on emotional and behavioural problems, self-rated health and educational attainment among adolescents
Cognitive appraisal, emotion, and empathy
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Stimulus character in the Rorschach inkblots : twelve essays: 1965-1987
The truth will set you free : overcoming emotional blindness and finding your true adult self
How does Enneagram help in developing Emotional Intelligence at work?
The emotions
Emotional authenticity and Spizona
The three faces of mind : developing your mental, emotional, and behavioral intelligences
Blood alone. Omnibus collection 1. Vol. 1-3
Piloting the Behavioral and emotional rating scale-2 (BERS-2) in a Chinese primary school
Emotions and needs
The 7 myths about love ... actually! : the jouney from your head to the heart of your soul
Dreams and nightmares : the origin and meaning of dreams
Handbook of behavioral and emotional problems in girls
Human emotions : a reader
Abstract: How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work? This advisory report has been conducted for Hogeschool INHolland Diemen as a part of the graduation programme in International Business and Management Studies. The purpose of the advisory report is to prepare the students for professional working life and test their analytical and consulting skills. The researcher, Mr. Sampsa Raitamäki, is a fourth year Finnish double degree student from Metropolia Business School, Metropolia UAS. Alongside studies, the researcher had interest in a personality theory model called Enneagram. The advisory report was a great opportunity to combine Enneagram with the IBMS studies. Therefore the researcher decided to examine the connection between Enneagram and emotional intelligence at business context. A requirement for the advisory report was to find a client whom to work with. The client for this project was TMI Leena Aijasaho, a Finnish sole entrepreneur who offers professional work supervisor and coaching services for various companies and organisations.
Relaxation : exercises and inspirations for well-being
Attaching in adoption : practical tools for today's perents
The emotional brain : the mysterious underpinnings of emotional life
Emotion, aging, and health
Mood mapping : plot your way to emotional health and happiness
Virginia Woolf : an experimental writer with an androgynous vision
Lifeprints : new patterns of love and work for today's women
Nurturing nonviolent children : a guide for parents, educators, and counselors
Children and animals : exploring the roots of kindness and cruelty
The psychology of emotion : theories of emotion in perspective
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
The mysterious flame of Queen Loana : an illustrated novel
Engendering emotions
Microsociology : discourse, emotion, and social structure
Motivation and emotion : evolutionary, physiological, cognitive, and social influences
Feelings : helping children understand emotions
Children without permanent parents : research, practice, and policy
Ghosts from the nursery : tracing the roots of violence
A whole life
To be a man : a guide to true masculine power
Employee body language revealed : how to predict behavior in the workplace by reading and understanding body language
The youngest minds : parenting and genes in the development of intellect and emotion
Group music therapy for children with emotional and behavioral difficulties : identifying music therapy activities appropriate for group evolution
Talk of love surrounds us, and romance is a constant concern of popular culture. Ann Swidler's Talk of Love is an attempt to discover how people find and sustain real love in the midst of that talk, and how that culture of love shapes their expectations and behavior in the process. To this end, Swidler conducted extensive interviews with Middle Americans and wound up offering us something more than an insightful exploration of love: Talk of Love is also a compelling study of how much culture affects even the most personal of our everyday experiences.
Perception of emotion in self and others
Why love matters : how affection shapes a baby's brain
Affect and cognition : the seventeenth Annual Carnegie symposium on cognition
Helping people with a learning disability explore relationships
How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work?
Keys to parenting your anxious child : Expert advice and practical strategies to help children cope in today's world
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
Handbook of cognition and emotion
Beyond words : what animals think and feel
Animal passions and beastly virtues : reflections on redecorating nature
Envy and gratitude : and other works 1946-1963
Emotion explained
Awaken the giant within : how to take immediate control of your mental, emotional, physical and financial destiny
The young mind
A gift to myself : a personal workbook and guide to healing my child within
Sex, mind and emotion : innovation in psychological theory and practice
Who switched off my brain? : controlling toxic thoughts and emotions
Tomorrow's children : a blueprint for partnership education in the 21st century
Your killer emotions : the 7 steps to mastering the toxic emotions, urges, and impulses that sabotage you
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
When love dies : the process of marital disaffection
Love in the later years : the emotional, physical, sexual and social potential of the elderly
Molecules of emotion : why you feel the way you feel
The vehement passions
Promoting emotional education : engaging children and young people with social, emotional and behavioural difficulties
Engaging education : developing emotional literacy, equity and co-education
Emotions and social relations
An essay on the nature and conduct of the passions and affections : with illustrations on the moral sense
Emotional healing and self-esteem : inner-life skills of relaxation, visualisation and meditation for children and adolescent
In the wake of the tragedy of the shootings in Littleton at Columbine High School and other killings of children by children, there is increasing recognition of the urgent need for a deep systemic reassessment of what we are teaching our children. Based on the multidisciplinary research conducted by Riane Eisler over three decades, Tomorrow's Children presents a new integrated model for education: the partnership model.This model is an outgrowth of the cultural transformation theory developed by Dr. Eisler in her classic work The Chalice and the Blade. In that book, Eisler identifies a continuum of patterns for structuring relations. At one end of the continuum is the partnership model, which embodies equity, environmental sustainability, multiculturalism, and gender-fairness. At the opposite end of the continuum is the dominator model, which has marred much of our civilization. This model emphasizes control, authoritarianism, violence, gender discrimination, and environmental destruction. Eisler also shows that we today stand at a crossroads, where a shift to the partnership end of the continuum is essential for human welfare, and possibly survival. A new kind of education system is required to effectuate this shift.Tomorrow's Children applies the partnership model to education from kindergarten to twelfth grade and beyond, providing practical guidance for educators, parents, and students. Rather than one more add-on to existing methods and curricula, it provides a systemic approach that offers a more accurate and hopeful picture of what being human means. The curriculum loom and learning tapestry Eisler presents in Tomorrow's Children integrate three primary components of teaching and learning: what Eisler calls partnership process, partnership structure, and partnership content. The book melds Eisler's research and the work of many progressive educators into a cohesive and compelling blueprint for the kind of proactive education children need to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Contemporary perspectives on socialization and social development in early childhood education
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
The emotionally intelligent workplace : how to select for measure, and improve emotional intelligence in individuals, groups, and organizations
The development of romantic relationships in adolescence
Your dog is your mirror : the emotional capacity of our dogs and ourselves
Manage your anger
Emotionality and sociability : two congress papers
Examines factors that affect a woman's happiness, ranging from marriage and children to individual activities and goals, and offers guidelines for decision making.
Life cycle : classroom activities for helping children live with daily change and loss
Building academic success on social and emotional learning : what does the research say?
The psychology of emotion
Men's friendships
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Unbearable lightness : a story of loss and gain
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
The mature mind
"Breaking off the ordinary flow of experience, the passions create a state of exception. In their suddenness and intensity, they map a personal world, fix and qualify our attention, and impel our actions. Outraged anger drives us to write laws that will later be enforced by impersonal justice. Intense grief at the death of someone in our life discloses the contours of that life to us. Wonder spurs scientific inquiry." "In reintroducing us to our own vehemence, Fisher reminds us that it is only through our strongest passions that we feel the contours of injustice, mortality, loss, and knowledge. It is only through our personal worlds that we can know the world."--BOOK JACKET.
Post-romantic stress disorder : what to do when the honeymoon is over
Emotional balance for life
Sexed Sentiments provides a gender perspective on the recent turn to affect in criticism. It presents new work by scholars from different disciplines working on gender and emotion, a field par excellence where an interdisciplinary focus is fruitful. This collection presents essays from disciplines like history, literary studies, psychology, sociology and queer studies, focusing on subjects varying from masculinity in the cult of sensibility to the role of empathy in forging feminist solidarities. The volume illuminates how new theoretical approaches to both gender and emotion may be productively applied to a variety of fields.
Introducing emotional intelligence : a practical guide
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
I was here
A treatise of human nature
Behavioral, social, and emotional assessment of children and adolescents
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
How emotions work
The art of loving
Creativity and affect
Intelligence : new research
The Asperger couple's workbook  : practical advice and activities for couples and counsellors
The book of human emotions : an encyclopedia of feeling from anger to wanderlust
First steps in intervention with your child with autism : frameworks for communication
The SCERTS model : a comprehensive educational approach for children with autism spectrum disorders. Volume 1, Assessment
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
Meeting the social and emotional needs of gifted and talented children
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The emotional hostage : rescuing your emotional life
Understanding psychology
