http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8355 camera phones
camera phones
Extraordinary everyday photography : awaken your vision to create stunning images wherever you are
Symbian OS internals : real-time kernel programming
iPhone 4S for dummies
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
Head first iPhone development
The mobile phone: a medium in itself
My iPhone : covers iPhone 3GS, 4, and 4S running iOS 5
Image transfer protocols for smartphones
Multimedia on Symbian OS : inside the convergence device
Image capture system for digital camera module testing
Beginning iPhone 3 development  : exploring the iPhone SDK
Abstract: Online print.
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Android photography : a guide to mobile creativity
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
Computational color constancy in mobile imaging
T3 : toys for the boys
Benchmarking of mobile phone cameras
The world of computers and communications
iPhone secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPhone
Sixty tips for creative iPhone photography
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Connecting photos : a qualitative study of cameraphone photo use
The rough guide to the iPhone
iPhone : the missing manual
100 ways to make good photos great : tips & techniques for improving your digital photography
Social photography : make all your smartphone photos one in a billion
Imaging applications in mobile terminals
iPhone fully loaded
Close Range Dinstance Estimation System for Cameras in Mobile Phones
Handbook of mobile learning
Imaging experience : benchmarks from digital compact cameras
Visual mobile communication : camera phone photo messages as ritual communication and mediated presence
Summary.
Cameras and picture messaging services became part of mobile phone communication at the same time as digital cameras gained popularity in Finland in the early 2000’s. Snapshot photography has since undergone a transformation in technical and cultural terms. Snapshot photographers work on personal computers with image browsing, processing, and archiving software. Photos are viewed on camera, phone, and computer screens, and are shared on mobile messaging and internet sites. This thesis examines cameraphone photo use amongst users in Finland. It investigates cameraphone photographers’ notions of cameraphone photographs, of communicating with them, and of the technologies with which the photos are used. The thesis shows how cameraphone photos become meaningful through comparisons with analogue and digital photography and connections to mobile phone and internet communication. The study approaches photos not as visual texts but as data files. It draws on the social constructionist approach to technology studies, referring to literature on domestic photography, domestication studies of information and communication technologies, and the circuit of culture model. The study is based on the interviews, photos, and diaries of sixteen Finnish cameraphone and digital camera users of different ages.
iPhone & iPod touch QuickSteps
My smartphone and other digital accessories
Barcode reading with a camera phone
On/off : new electronic products
iPhone for dummies
Design and implementation of onboard camera API for Symbian operating system
A generic camera driver for Symbian-based platforms
The silicon eye
Average colors of real life light sources at different correlated color temperatures
iPhone photography & video for dummies
The art of iPhoneography : a guide to mobile creativity
