http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8351 sound recording industry
sound recording industry
The music and recording business : delivering music in the 21st century
The Beatles records on Vee-Jay : songs, pictures and stories of the fabulous Beatles records on Vee-Jay
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the complete guide for musicians, songwriters, producers, managers, industry executives, attorneys, investors and accountants
The Billboard guide to writing and producing songs that sell : how to create hits in today's music industry
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay : the business of popular music
Ralph Peer and the making of popular music
The Oxford handbook of mobile music studies
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 7
Preaching on wax : the phonograph and the shaping of modern African American religion
Exploding : the highs, hits, hype, heroes, and hustlers of the Warner Music Group
The song machine : how to make a hit
The artist's guide to success in the music business : the who, what, when, where, why & how of the steps that musicians & bands have to take to succeed in music
Q on producing : the soul and science of mastering music and work
Record label marketing : how music companies brand and market artists in the digital era
"This collection of essays explores the relationship between opera and the development of media technology from the late 19th to the early 21st century. The contributing authors cover a variety of topics including audio, video and film recording, contemporary critical responses, popular and "high brow" culture, live and recorded performance, lighting and performance technology, media marketing and advertising"--
Dictionary of music production and engineeribg terminology
The Virgin discography. The 1970s, Caroline, WATT, JCOA, Front Line, Dindidisc, Oval, Atra, Butt, ECM & more
Mic it! : microphones, microphone techniques, and their impact on the final mix
The music industry in small countries
Vinyl : the analogue record in the digital age
The Beatles on Apple Records : the stories behind the entire Beatles catalog on Apple records - from Hey Jude and The white album through Anthology and Beatles 1
The cut the crap! : guide to making a record
Simply thrilled : the preposterous story of Postcard Records
The speed of sound : breaking the barrier between music and technology
My Friend p2p : Music and Internet for the Modern Entrepreneur
From downbeat to vinyl : Bill Putnam's legacy to the recording industry
All you need to know about the music business
Hit men : Power brokers and fast money inside the music business
Leeds & Catlin records : a history and discography
Music industry : management & promotion
"From 1925 to 1941, approximately one hundred African American clergymen teamed up with leading record labels such as Columbia, Paramount, Victor-RCA to record and sell their sermons on wax. While white clerics of the era, such as Aimee Semple McPherson and Charles Fuller, became religious entrepreneurs and celebrities through their pioneering use of radio, black clergy were largely marginalized from radio. Instead, they relied on other means to get their message out, teaming up with corporate titans of the phonograph industry to package and distribute their old-time gospel messages across the country. Their nationally marketed folk sermons received an enthusiastic welcome by consumers, at times even outselling top billing jazz and blues artists such as Bessie Smith and Ma Rainey. These phonograph preachers significantly shaped the development of black religion during the interwar period, playing a crucial role in establishing the contemporary religious practices of commodification, broadcasting, and celebrity. Yet, the fame and reach of these nationwide media ministries came at a price, as phonograph preachers became subject to the principles of corporate America. In Preaching on Wax, Lerone A. Martin offers the first full-length account of the oft-overlooked religious history of the phonograph industry. He explains why a critical mass of African American ministers teamed up with the major phonograph labels of the day, how and why black consumers eagerly purchased their religious records, and how this phonograph religion significantly contributed to the shaping of modern African American Christianity"--
Finlandia Record's creative force : Jaakko Borg
The music producer's handbook
Good vibrations : a history of record production
Appetite for self-destruction : the spectacular crash of the record industry in the digital age
ZIMIA : the forming of a music industry association in Zimbabwe
Creative music production : Joe Meek's bold techniques
An international history of the recording industry
Becoming Elektra : the true story of Jac Holzman's visionary record label
The ultimate survival guide to the new music industry : handbook for hell
Motown : music, money, sex and power
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
Spinning blues into gold : the Chess brothers and the legendary Chess Records
Song Machine : Inside the Hit Factory
Insights on jazz : a musician's guide to making a recording
The real deal : how to get signed a record label
Project studios : a more professional approach
The pop industry inside out
The music industry
"Tells the story of the landmark label's rich history as it interweaves threads of technical and social change with the emergence of an amazing stable of artists and the creation of some of the greatest recordings ever made"--P. [4] of cover.
Great record labels
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Irish classical records industry
Encyclopedia of recorded sound
Wall of pain : the biography of Phil Spector
Sound recordings
The music business
Inside songwriting : getting to the heart of creativity
Sound recording practice
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 2
Motown : the history
Just for the record : history of early recorded sound recordings and the industry
How to pitch & promote your songs
Bootleg! : the rise & fall of the secret recording industry
How not to destroy your career in music : avoiding the common mistakes most musicians make
The Rhino Records story : the revenge of the music nerds
A hundred years of finnish recordings : it is now a hundred years since the first finnish records appeared on the market
Abbey Road : The story of the world's most famous recording studios
Facing the other way : the story of 4AD
Music business handbook and career guide
Recording industry in numbers : the definitive source of global music market information
The phonogram in cultural communication : report on a research project undertaken by mediacult
The art of record production
Last shop standing
Ajax records : a history and discography
Selling sounds : the commercial revolution in American music
Confessions of a record producer : How to survive the scams and shams of the music business
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 5
Rhythm and the blues : a life in American music
The vinyl countdown : the album from vinyl to iPod and back again
360 sound : the Columbia Records story
How to Create Value in the Phonographic Industry for Consumers Between the Ages of 20-25? : A Study on whether Consumers Who Find Value in Artists Show More Behavioural Intent to Buy than Those Who Do Not, with Regard to the Phonographic Industry
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
Where have all the good times gone? : the rise and fall of the record industry
The guerilla guide to the music business
The international recording industries
Hit men : power brokers and fast money inside the music business
Music, communication, mass communication
Popular music : a yearbook. 3, Producers and markets
Future propects for finnish independent record companies within the next five years
The new distribution channels on the music market : effects, consenquences and issues of changes
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
The history of music production
45 RPM : the history, heroes & villains of a pop music revolution
The art of music production
How Nashville became Music City, U.S.A. : 50 years of Music Row
Abbey Road : the story of the world's most famous recording studios
The encyclopedia of record producers : an indispensable guide to the most important record producers in music history
The Guinness book of recorded sound
The great British recording studios
Sound advice : the musician's guide to the record industry
Star-making machinery : inside the business of rock and roll
All the moves (but none of the licks) : secrets of the record business
The Beatles' story on Capitol records. Part one, Beatlemania & the singles
Legal aspects of the music industry : an insider's view
Revolution in sound : a biography of the recording industry
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The master tape book
Rockonomics : the money behind the music
The recording industry : an ethnomusicological approach
The music business : career opportunities and self-defense
The Beatles' story on Capitol records. Part two, The albums
"Capture great sound in the first place, and spend less time "fixing it in the mix" with Ian Corbett's Mic It! Microphones, Microphone Techniques, and Their Impact on the Final Mix. With his expert guidance, you'll quickly understand essential audio concepts as they relate to microphones and mic techniques, and learn how to apply them to your recording situation. Whether you only ever buy one microphone, are equipping a studio on a budget, or have a vast selection of great mics to use, you'll learn to better use whatever tools you have. Mic It! gives you the background to design and discover your own solutions to record the best sound possible. The information in these pages will help you record great source tracks that can be easily developed into anything from ultra-clean mixes to huge, organic soundscapes"--
Howling at the moon : the true story of the mad genius of the music world
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 1
Digital signatures : the impact of digitization on popular music sound
Concentration and diversity in the international phonogram industry
"Ajax has been called 'the forgotten race-record label.' Created by a wealthy Canadian entrepreneur for the American market, it survived for less than two years. While Ajax never rose to the level of Okeh, Paramount, or other emerging leaders in the race-record field, these now-rare records are prized by collectors today."--Back cover.
Audio recording for profit : the sound of money
Brian Rust's Guide to Discography
Philips minigroove : second extended version of the European discography
Bowie, Bolan and the Brooklyn boy : the autobiography
The bottom line is money : a comprehensive guide to songwriting and the Nashville music industry
The studio business book
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Solid gold : the popular record industry
The savvy studio owner : a complete guide to setting up and running your own recording studio
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 6, Our trip around the world = Unsere Reise um die Erde : the Oriental expedition of Beka Records in 1905-1906
Cowboys and indies : the epic history of the record industry
Nimbus : technology serving the arts
Unfree masters : recording artists and the politics of work
Digital tradition : arrangement and labor in Istanbul's recording studio culture
The record producers
The great white wonders : a history of rock bootlegs
Livingston's complete music industry business and law reference book
Opera in the media age : essays on art, technology and popular culture
Echo and reverb : fabricating space in popular music, 1900-1960
Motown : music, money, sex, and power
Laurel Canyon : the inside story of rock and roll's legendary neighborhood
Tearing down the wall of sound : the rise and fall of Phil Spector
Rhythm and the blues : A life in American music
Sound beginnings : the early record industry in Australia
The making of Mike Oldfield's Tubular bells : the story of a record which has sold over 15000000 copies and helped to found the Virgin empire
Clive : inside the record business
The business models and the 7P's of the marketing mix in the changing music business
Covers the origins of the culture industry in music and chronicles how music ignited an auditory explosion that penetrated all aspects of society. This book maps the growth of the music business across the social landscape - in homes, theaters, department stores, schools.
Label launch : a guide to independent record recording, promotion, and distribution
You say you want a revolution? : records and rebels 1966-1970
Encyclopedia of Recorded Sound in the United States
From tin foil to stereo : evolution of the phonograph
"The music industries hinge on entrepreneurship. The recent, rapid convergence of media and the parallel ongoing evolution of music businesses have again seen the focus shift to independent companies and individual entrepreneurs. Opportunities tend not to be advertised in professional music and practically everyone begins on their own: forming a band, starting a record label, running events, or building a website. But it's not an easy territory to navigate or get a handle on. Music Entrepreneurship features an analysis of the changing landscape of the music industries and the value of the entrepreneur within them through a series of focused chapters and case studies. Alongside contributions from key academics across the globe, expert contributors from across the industry highlight successful entrepreneurs and offers practical help to the reader trying to navigate the business. Sectors examined include: the value of the music industries, recorded music, live events, branding in music, artist management, and digital distribution."--Www.amazon.com.
101 recording tips : stuff all the pros know and use
The B&C discography : 1968 to 1975 : Action, Stable, B&C, Pegasus, Peg, Mooncrest, People, Dragon, Sussex & Seven Sun
Negotiating value in the South African recording industry
Confessions of a record producer : how to survive the scams and shams of the music business
