http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8357 patients
patients
Patient education : a practical approach
Personalisation and dementia : a guide for person-centred practice
Patients' experiences of psychosis in an inpatient setting
Light in a dark house
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
Living proof : courage in the face of AIDS
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Ultimate patient satisfaction : Designing, implementing, or rejuvenating an effective patient satisfaction and TQM program
Written patient education in pediatric nursing – in treatment of child patients with infectious diseases
Empowerment by the written patient instructions at the emergency policlinic
The prisoner of Brenda
Personalisation builds on person-centred care to focus on how people with dementia can have more choice and control in their lives, and be supported to be part of their community. This practical guide explains how to deliver personalised services and support for people with dementia through simple, evidence-based person-centred practices and tools.
Communication and interpersonal skills for nurses
Promoting Aphasia Patients' Communication in Nursing Care
A compassionate effective mindfulness-based dementia care (MBDC) guide to help you reduce stress, stay balanced, and bring ease into your interactions with the person with dementia." "Mindfulness is 'paying attention [to yourself as well as your patient] in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment, and non-judgmentally.
The psychiatric ward as a therapeutic community
Simulated Patient Methodology : Theory, Evidence and Practice
To be a sibling of a schizophrenic individual : experiential studies
Nurse's role in breaking bad news : literature review
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Patient information in radiological examinations : the   research and development process
Principles and techniques of patient care
Effect of waiting time on health outcomes and service utilization : a prospective randomized study on patients admitted to hospital for hip or knee replacement
A public health care puzzle
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
The man without a shadow : a novel
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
The island
Learn, understand and communicate - tools for good patient education with a multicultural patient : A Literature Review
Simulated Patient Methodology is a timely book, aimed at health professional educators and Simulated Patient (SP) practitioners. It connects theory and evidence with practice to ensure maximum benefit for those involved in SP programmes, in order to inform practice and promote innovation. The book provides a unique, contemporary, global overview of SP practice, for all health sciences educators. Simulated Patient Methodology: Provides a cross-disciplinary overview of the field, Considers practical issues such as recruiting and training simulated patients, and the financial planning of SP programmes, Features case studies, illustrating theory in practice, drawn from across health professions and countries, to ensure relevance to localised contexts Written by world leaders in the field, this invaluable resource summarises the theoretical and practical basis of all human-based simulation methodologies.
One man's miraculous escape from the terrifying confines of locked in syndrome
Mother London
Evidence-based patient handling : tasks, equipment and interventions
Your guide to understanding and dealing with dementia : what you need to know
The man who couldn't stop : OCD and the true story of a life lost in thought
Promoting Hope in Visually Impaired Patients in Finland
The development and use of patient location application
Acid test : LSD, Ecstasy, and the power to heal
The relationships between work stressors and organizational performance in long-term care for elderly residents
"The last thing Lisa Lynch had expected to put on her 'things to do before you're 30' list was beating breast cancer, but them's the breaks. So with her life on hold, and her mind stuffed with unspoken fears, questions and emotions, she turned to her computer and started blogging about the frustrating, life-altering, sheer pain-in-the-arse inconvenience of getting breast cancer at the age of 28. The C-Word is an unflinchingly honest and darkly humorous account of Lisa's battle with The Bullshit, as she came to call it. From the good days when she could almost pretend it wasn't happening, to the bad days, when she couldn't bear to wake up, Lisa's story is emotional, heartbreaking and often hilarious. The C-Word will make you laugh and cry, and ultimately reaffirm your faith in life."--Publisher's description.
The shock of the fall
A guide for caring Muslim patient
Patients expect to receive diverse  information on radiation in connection  with a radiological examination
The fulfilment of knowledge expectations during the perioperative period of patients undergoing knee arthroplasty - a Nordic perspective
Former mental health patients`reflections on mental illness
Every fifteen minutes
Physician-Nurse Relationship : Nurses' perception in internal medicine and surgical units
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Nurse-patient relationships in a hospital maternity service
Miracle for Jen : a tragic accident, a mother's desperate prayer, and heaven's extraordinary answer
Where the moon isn't : a novel
Infections and Injuries in Dementia Patients
Normal and therapeutic nutrition
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Quality of life among finnish venous leg ulcer patients
Acute myocardial infarction as a life situation from patients perspective
Being involved : patient participation in health care
Effect of loss to follow-up in estimating survival rates : a study on breast cancer patients seen at Tata Memorial Hospital, Bombay, in 1985
The longest whale song
Re-orientation of a profession : pharmacy practice based on patient care, education, and research
Ross easy transfer system : take care of your back
Staying alive : how to get the best from the NHS
Chicken soup for the soul healthy living series. Heart disease : important facts, inspiring stories
Just get me through this! : a practical guide to coping with breast cancer
Lay perspectives : "lay" and "expert" health knowledge : from hierarchy to equality
Flow of Information When Transferring a Patient Between Hospitals : Issues in Patient Safety and Continuity of Care
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
A study on the need for rehabilitation and sheltered work-shops
The sickness
Patient Experience in Being Awake during Invasive Procedure and Nursing Ways to Enhance Cooperation : Literature Review
Preoperative assessment and patient teaching : preoperative forms and guidelines for a LEIKO unit
Patients' experiences of being helped in an inpatient setting
Nurses's perspectives of loneliness amongst terminally ill patients
We are all made of stars
Occupational therapy assessment in general psychiatric care
Researching persons with mental illness
Help! : they need somebody!
The changing face of psychiatric nursing : care or control?
Diagnosis and prediction of intra-institutional aggressive behaviour in psychotic patients
Making sense of contested illness : talking and narratives about chronic fatigue
Nurses' experiences from communicating with hearing impaired patients
Nursing care in radiation oncology
Rehabilitation of gait in chronic stroke patients
"Shattered nerves" : doctors, patients, and depression in Victorian England
What she left behind
Patient suitability for short-term and long-term psychotherapy
Communicating about health in health care : perspectives on life style and post-operative complications
This paper offers a portrayal of how affective computing and persuasive technologies can converge into an effective tool for interfacing biomedical engineering with behavioral sciences and medicine. We describe the characteristics, features, applications, present state of the art, perspectives, and trends of both streams of research. In particular, these streams are analyzed in light of the potential contribution of their convergence for improving computer-mediated health-care systems, by facilitating the modification of patients' attitudes and behaviors, such as engagement and compliance. We propose a framework for future research in this emerging area, highlighting how key constructs and intervening variables should be considered. Some specific implications and challenges posed by the convergence of these two technologies in health care, such as paradigm change, multimodality, patients' attitude improvement, and cost reduction, are also briefly addressed and discussed.
The man who : a theatrical research
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
“How patients and their family members’ need of support and counselling can be assessed by written measures?  : Literature review
How the basic human needs of patients are met : analysis, testing and application of Maslow's motivation theory for patient care
Communications in nursing
Summary: Promoting patient safety together: Finnish patient safety strategy 2009-2013.
If I stay
Technology and medical practice : blood, guts and machines
Tales of money and blood : narratives of patients constructing corruption in Tanzanian public health care
A mother's shame
The noonday demon : an anatomy of depression
Listening to patients : a phenomenological approach to nursing research and practice
Pocket companion for cancer nursing
The C-word : just your average 28-year old...friends, family, Facebook, cancer
The nurse and the mental patient : a study in interpersonal relations
Applying a phenomenological method of analysis derived from Giorgi to a psychiatric nursing study
Radiation protection following oidine 131-therapy : (Exposures due to outpatiens or discharged inpatients)
A management model for physical risks in the care work
An analysis of how Carper's different ways of knowing can influence the nursing care of stroke patients
The Bowel Surgery: Understanding Common Indications for  Bowel Surgery, and Necessary Nutrition Support and Patient Guide.
Amber's donkey : how a donkey and a little girl healed each other
A criminal feigns insanity and is admitted to a mental hospital where he challenges the autocratic authority of the head nurse.
What Needs to be Considered When Implementing Prospective Diaries for Intensive Care Patients?
Patient initiatives in psychiatric care concerning shame in the discussion in co-operative team meetings
Informed consent : patient autonomy and physician beneficence within clinical medicine
New stoma patients' experiences during post-operative nursing care
Towards advanced nursing practice : Key concepts for health care
Written Patient Education in Pediatric Nursing - in the Treatment of Child  Patients with Infectious diseases
Body Area Network, Standardization, Analysis and Application
Social work with psychiatric patients
Radiation exposure to patients during endoscopic retrograde  cholangiopancreatography : a multicentre study in Finland
All in the mind
When breath becomes air
HELP : easy to use pharmaceutical packaging
Girl in the dark
Guidelines for library services to persons with dementia
Before I go to sleep
Optimizing computer tomography examinations by using anthropomorphic phantoms and MOSFET dosimeters
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Measures, interventions, and outcomes : exploring inpatient psychiatric care
Before I go to sleep : a novel
On the Convergence of Affective and Persuasive Technologies in Computer-Mediated Health-Care Systems
Schizophrenic patients in 1950-1952 and 1957-1959 : a comparative study
Chapman's odyssey
A patient's right to know : information disclosure, the doctor and the law
Quality of life and its determinants among allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients and the Finnish population
Therapy
Patient centered care in radiotherapy
Heartbeat away
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Caring for a loved one with dementia : a mindfulness-based guide for reducing stress and making the best of your journey together
The examined life : how we lose and find ourselves
Meeting an Aggressive Patient
The right to get good nursing care
The Ambler warning
Burnout, bipolar or borreliosis? : a diagnostic dilemma behind prolonged disability
Fundamentals of patient-centered nursing
Journal Club, a Method to Implement Evidence-based Practice at  Nursing Work
Abstract.
Counseling Myocardial Infarct Patients  : Rehabilitation and a Multi Perspective Recover
Medical art therapy with children
Patient advocacy in nursing practice : a systematic literature review
Physiological measures of anxiety in hospital patients
Resource-oriented assessment of work ability in psychiatry
It's kind of a funny story
A fool, free
Asylums : essays on the social situation of mental patients and other inmates
Shutter island
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
Communicating across dementia
Family members' presence is important for older persons at the emergency department
Patient safety management : available models and systems
Struggling to understand what happened to his brother years earlier after they both snuck out of the house during the middle of the night, Matthew believes he has found a way to bring his brother back by going off his meds.
Rehabilitation of the head injured adult
Preoperative counseling of child patients from the age of 6 to 9 : a counseling folder for surgical child patients
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Education for patients and clients : Routledge essentials for nurses
Mental disorders among burn patients
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medication : Focus on Dysphagia Patients / Anna Mantere, Aino-Maria Oksanen
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
Patient Education Among Patients with Parkinson’s Disease
Live and laugh with dementia : the essential guide to maximising quality of life
Aspects on patient safety in intensive care unit : a literature review
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Core curriculum for oncology nursing
Freedom to practice : the development of patient-centered nursing
History of madness
The brain's way of healing : stories of remarkable recoveries and discoveries
Clinical examination
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
Nurses’ Attitudes and Beliefs towards Discussing Sexuality with Patients
A right to die? : The Dax Cowart case
Oh dear Silvia
Contents of patient education among Fibromyalgia Syndrome Patients : focus on pain management
SBAR : Tool for Quality Reporting for Nursing Students
Oncologic nursing
Using information from incident reporting system as part of developing patient safety.
The process of patient teaching in nursing
Subjective outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions : a naturalistic follow-up study among Finnish adolescent psychiatric outpatients
Electronic patient records in interprofessional decision making : standardized categories and local use
"Issues like this have an impact" : the need-adapted treatment of psychosis and the psychiatrist's inner dialogue
At the will of the body : reflections on illness
Depressive disorders in primary health care
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
The advanced technologies being used in diagnosis and care within modern medicine, whilst supporting and making medical practices possible, may also conflict with established traditions of medicine and care. What happens to the patient in a technologized medical environment? How are doctors', nurses' and medical scientists' practices changed when artefacts are involved? How is knowledge negotiated, or relations of power reconfigured? Technology and Medical Practice addresses these developments and dilemmas, focusing on various practices with technologies within hospitals and sociotechnical systems of care.Combining science and technology studies with medical sociology, the history of medicine and feminist approaches to science, this book presents analyses of artefacts-in-use across a variety of settings within the UK, USA and Europe, and will appeal to sociologists, anthropologists and scholars of science and technology alike.
A guide to physical examination and history taking
Preparation for Colonoscopy : Instructions for Non-Finnish Speaking Patient
Supporting community care of demented patients
Transferring and lifting children and adolescents : home instruction sheets
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
A guide to the rights of patients
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
The years of loving you
Counseling of the Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Patient Before and After the Percutaneous Coronary Intervention : A Literature Review
The quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Time for dying
New Stoma Patients' Experiences During Post - Operative Nursing Care
