http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8362 parasitism
parasitism
Phylogenetics of Myrmica ants and their social parasites
Modern food microbiology
Larval life history, transmission strategies, and the evolution of intermediate host exploitation by complex life-cycle parasites
A Stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Phylogeography and population genetics of social parasitism in Myrmica ants
The importance of genetic variation to the risk of Hymenoptera parasitism in bag worm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae)
Australapatemon sp. (Trematoda) infection in Valvata macrostoma and in two leech species, Helobdella stagnalis and Erpobdella octoculata
The biogeography of host-parasite interactions
Principles of insect parasitism analyzed from new perspectives : practical implications for regulating insect populations by biological means
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
Parasites in ecological communities : from interactions to ecosystems
Ecological networks
Responses of parasitized and unparasitized common redstart (Phoenicurus phoenicurus) populations against artificial cuckoo parasitism
Parasite rex : inside the bizarre world of nature's most dangerous creatures
Cooperation and conflict in conspecific brood parasitism, an alternative reproductive tactic
"Interactions between competitors, predators and their prey have traditionally been viewed as the foundation of community structure. Parasites - long ignored in community ecology - are now recognized as playing an important part in influencing species interactions and consequently affecting ecosystem function. Parasitism can interact with other ecological drivers, resulting in both detrimental and beneficial effects on biodiversity and ecosystem health. Species interactions involving parasites are also key to understanding many biological invasions and emerging infectious diseases. This book bridges the gap between community ecology and epidemiology to create a wide-ranging examination of how parasites and pathogens affect all aspects of ecological communities, enabling the new generation of ecologists to include parasites as a key consideration in their studies. This comprehensive guide to a newly emerging field is of relevance to academics, practitioners and graduates in biodiversity, conservation and population management, and animal and human health".
"Biogeography has renewed its concepts and methods following important recent advances in phylogenetics, macroecology, and geographic Information systems. In parallel, the evolutionary ecology of most-parasite interactions has attracted the interest of numerous studies dealing with life-history traits, evolution, community ecology, and evolutionary epidemiology." "The Biogeography of Host-Parasite Interactions is the first book to integrate these two fields, using examples from a variety of host-parasite associations in various regions, and across both ecological and evolutionary timescales. Besides a strong theoretical component, there is a bias towards applications, specifically in the fields of historical biogeography, palaeontology, phylogeography, landscape epidemiology, invasion biology, conservation biology, human evolution, and health ecology. A particular emphasis concerns emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases linked to global changes." "This accessible text is intended for graduate students, professional researchers, and practitioners in the fields of evolutionary ecology, parasitology, biogeography, and conservation biology, as well as a broader audience from geography, epidemiology, and veterinary medicine"--BOOK JACKET---
Ecophysiology of the deer ked (Lipoptena cervi) and its hosts
Connection between temperature, larval production, virulence and geographical distribution of Rhipidocotyle parasites infecting the duck mussel, Anodonta anatina
The effect of temperature on cercariae production of two Rhipidocotyle trematodes parasitizing freshwater mussel, Anodonta anatina
Eclipse the flame
Octospora mnii (Pezizales), a new ascomycete on the persistent protonema of Rhizomnium punctatum
Brood parasitism in birds : coevolutionary adaptations in two cuckoo-host systems
Infectious disease ecology : the effects of ecosystems on disease and of disease on ecosystems
Host manipulation by parasites : adaptation to enhance transmission?
Approaches to design and synthesis of antiparasitic drugs
Transmission and host and mate location in the fish louse Argulus coregoni and its link with bacterial disease in fish
Host manipulation by parasites
Natural enemies : the population biology of predators, parasites and diseases
Biotic interactions and vegetation management on coastal meadows
Ignite the shadows
"Reflecting the enormous advances made in the field over the past ten years, this text synthesizes the latest developments in the ecology and evolution of animal parasites against a backdrop of parallel advances in parasite systematics, biodiversity and life cycles. This second edition has been thoroughly revised to meet the needs of a new generation of parasitology students. Balancing traditional approaches in parasitology with modern studies in parasite ecology and evolution, the authors present basic ecological principles as a unifying framework to help students understand the complex phenomenon of parasitism. Richly illustrated with over 250 figures, the text is accompanied by case study boxes designed to help students appreciate the complexity and diversity of parasites and the scientists who study them. This unique approach, presented clearly and with a minimum of jargon and mathematical detail, encourages students from diverse backgrounds to think generally and conceptually about parasites and parasitism"--
Parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera) reared from two polypore fungi on aspen in Kivach, The Karelian Republic of Russia
Evolutionary parasitology : the integrated study of infections, immunology, ecology and genetics
A host-parasite catalog of North American Tachinidae (Diptera)
Food supply, parental abilities and parasitism in the reproduction of kestrels
Law and order : Some impacts of introducing a law enforcement mechanism on growth in predatory economies
The effect of temperature on cercariae production of two Rhipidocotyle trematodes parasitizing freshwater mussel, Anodonta anatina.
The plant-parasitic nematode genus Meloidogyne Göldi, 1892 (Tylenchida) in Europe
The role of salmonid fishes in conservation of the endangered freshwater pearl mussel (Margaritifera margaritifera)
Biocomplexity of plant-fungal interactions
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
Host-related factors affectingisopod (Asellus aquaticus) susceptibility to and interaction with an acanthocephalan (Acanthocephalus lucii) parasite
Ecology and evolution of parasitism : hosts to ecosystems
Virulence evolution and immune defence : pathogen-host interactions between an environmentally transmitted bacterium Serratia marcescens and its insect hosts
Evolutionary ecology of complex life cycle parasites : from genotypes to species assemblages
A conspectus of the Tachinidae (Diptera) of Australia : including keys to the supraspecific taxa and taxonomic and host catalogues
Parasitism : the diversity and ecology of animal parasites
Behavioural and socially parasitic relations between Polyergus rufescens (Latr.) and Formica polyctena Först. (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)
Host-related factors affecting isopod (Asellus aquaticus) susceptibility to and interaction with an acanthocephalan (Acanthocephalus lucii) parasite
Factors contributing to the abundance of the ergasilid copepod, Paraergasilus rylovi, in its freshwater molluscan host, Anodonta piscinalis
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Sixteen-year-old Marci Guerrero is one of the best teen hackers in Seattle. However, she'd give up all her talents to know she isn't crazy. Marci feels possessed by shadowy spectres that take control of her body and make her do crazy things. While spying on the clandestine group known as IgNiTe, she is confronted by their mysterious leader, James McCray. His presence stirs the spectres inside her brain into a maddening frenzy. Her symptoms and ability to control them don't go unnoticed by James, who soon recruits her. As IgNiTe reveals its secrets, Marci starts to realise that half the world's population is infected with sentient parasites, which are attacking and eventually supplanting the human brain. Now Marci wishes she was crazy, because this truth is far worse.
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked : dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
