http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p836 competitions (events)
competitions (events) contests (events)
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
On the last island on Erthe, Chosen Ones are destined to enter Ariadnis on the day they turn eighteen. There, they must undertake a mysterious and deadly challenge. For Joomia and Aula, this means competing against each other, to end the war that has seethed between their cities for nine generations. As the day draws nearer, all thoughts are on the trial ahead. There's no space for friendship. No time for love. However much the girls might crave them.
Two left feet
The missing piece
B2C marketing plan : focusing on camera product category for Le Bao Minh Joint Stock Investment Company
The Anglo-Soviet radio chess match
The Cricket quiz book
Nikon Photo Contest International : 1986/87
The economics of commercial property market
Speedsters : today's air racers in action
P.S.1 : the Italian studio programme 2000-2002
Electronic services as a creator of competitive advantage in conventional scheduled airlines
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Abstract.
Arena two
Robot Competition, Design of Labyrinth and RobotDemo
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
Front runner : a Dick Francis novel
4th international textile competition '94 - Kyoto -
Superstars V8 : next challenge : Xbox 360
Retail market analysis in Vietnam and suggested growth strategies for retailers : case company: Big C Supermarket
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Robot competition, design of labyrinth and RobotDemo
Overcooked : PS4
Vuoden huiput 98 = The best of the year 98
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
The Duty to license software in a dominant market position : the essential facility doctrine
New York Festivals : Annual 12
Proactive law for managers : a hidden source of competitive advantage
How much do you know about the world of Harry Potter? Do you know every creature, spell, and Hogwarts professor? Who played each character in the films? And what about the many uses for dragon blood? This amazing quiz book features 400 questions to test your knowledge of everything Potter. Moving from easy questions that a muggle could answer through to trivia that the Wizengamot would consider beyond them, this book will be fun for the whole family. Test your Harry Potter knowledge and see if you are the ultimate fan!
Focus balance : Internationaler Designpreis Baden-Württemberg 2003 und Mia Seeger Preis 2003 = Baden-Württemberg International Design Award 2003 and Mia Seeger prize 2003
Phoenix burning
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
Establishing dealer relationship in a market network
Sokos Hotels St.Petersburg - Social Media Marketing Strategy
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
The competitive position of the Nordic wood industry in Germany : intangible quality dimensions
Overcooked : Xbox One
Triathlon : technique, training, competition
Competitor analysis for Feelback Ltd - A base for strategic decision making
Friendship games
Web-based decision-making application
In a post-apocalyptic world, a sect of sun worshippers lives in a closed island community. Toby and Ayla have to infiltrate their temple to retrieve the equipment their ships need. Putting themselves forward to be chosen as the Sun and the Moon at the annual festival, Toby and Ayla discover that they cannot fail - the price of losing is the loss of their tongues. But there are other young couples who are equally desperate to win. The couples are pitted against each other in a series of challenges, including days without sleep, hours sitting in the blistering sun, and a deadly maze.
The RYA book of race training
The girl who raced Fairyland all the way home
International shooting matches 30.7-9.8.1937 : Helsinki (Helsingfors)
Harry Potter : the amazing quiz book
UNESCO Philosophy day in Finland - November 18th 2010 : The Finnish qualification competition of International philosophy olympiad
Cannonball! : world's greatest outlaw road race
When you reach me
How to hug with Hugless Douglas
Development of product data management and material control
Pitch perfect 2
The talent show
Immune system adaptations during competition period in female cross-country skiers
IDO Niagara Falls, on July 30 - August 1, 2009 : all adult's solo, duet, group, & formation finals
Do markup dynamics reflect fundamentals or changes in conduct?
Overcooked : PlayStation 4
Authority planning in public transport
Vuoden huiput 2000 = The best of the year 2000
A year of sport travel : experience the greatest sporting events in the world
Nikon Photo Contest International : 1975/76
Vuoden huiput 1999 = [the best of the year 1999]
Handbook of athletic games for players, instructors, and spectators, comprising fifteen major ball games, track and field athletics and rowing races
Creating a Competitive Advantage for the Commercial Real Estate Management Company on the Basis of Competitor Analysis : Case Study “Spektr”
Global software engineering : challenges and solutions framework
The wishbone wish
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
Increasing the Competitiveness and Profitability of a Small and Medium-sized Enterprise
Designpreis Halle 2014 : Internationaler Designwettbewerb zum Thema Wasser = Designpreis Halle 2014: International Design Competition on the Topic of Water
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 11. The sun always rises
Empirical analysis of competition in procurement auctions
Pokémon adventures : Black 2 & white 2, Volume one
Competitive tendering : management and reality - achieving value for money
Two years have passed since Team Plasma was defeated and Trainer Black was sucked into the Light Stone along with Legendary Pokemon Reshiram...Now Team Plasma is back to their wicked ways, controlling other people's Pokemon and even wild Pokemon with technology. Luckily, a new hero, a young inspector for the International Police, and Officer Looker are on their trail...Colress, the new leader of Team Plasma, is attacking the Unova Region. His machines control Pokemon, wielding their powers for evil instead of good. Fortunately, a way to jam the signals is stored on a memory card. But who has the card? A girl at the Pokemon Trainers' School. Maybe that's why our hero is such a flirt; he's just doing his job gathering intel. But he'd better stop playing the field and find that card fast before someone beats him to it!
Wimbledon : visions of the championships
Five steps for Finland's future : a high-level round table initiated by the New Club of Paris held in Helsinki, November 11th, 2006 with and for Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen
3rd international textile competition Kyoto
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
UEFA Euro 2016 France : the official book
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
Company Diversification Strategies : The Case of BIS Group in London, UK
Gartenarchitektur-Wettbewerbe = Competitions of horticultural architecture. Teil 1, Friedhöfe, Gedenkstätten, Kapellenbauten = Cemeteries, memorial places, chapels
Estonian Apparel Retail Market: Positioning the Brand Madonna
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 8. Pour your heart into it
Management, education and competitiveness : Europe, Japan and the United States
Vuoden huiput 2001 = [The best of the year 2001]
IDO Niagara Falls, on July 30 - August 1, 2009 : all junior's solo, duet, group, & formation finals
World of winners : a current and historical perspective on awards and their winners
The 5th international ceramics competition '98 Mino, Japan
Calling all birdbrains
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Strategic Differentiation in Promotional Product Industry : Case: High Peak Finland Oy
Book of books : selected works from the Zanders international design contest Book of silk
The Swedish Challenge : America's Cup 1977
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
Billy Bramble and the great big cook off
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Vuoden huiput. 2004 : parasta suomalaista mainontaa & graafista suunnittelua = the best of Finnish advertising & graphic design
Vuoden huiput = The annual of the best Finnish advertising and graphic design. [1993]
The one
Learning through cooperation and competition
Critical Success Factors for ERP Adoption Process
World Press Photo 17
The penguin problem
Quite by accident, September has been crowned as Queen of Fairyland - but she inherits a Kingdom in chaos. The magic of a Dodo's egg has brought every King, Queen, or Marquess of Fairyland back to life, each with a fair and good claim on the throne, each with their own schemes and plots and horrible, hilarious, hungry histories. In order to make sense of it all, and to save their friend from a job she doesn't want, A-Through-L and Saturday devise a Royal Race, a Monarckical Marathon, in which every outlandish would-be ruler of Fairyland will chase the Stoat of Arms across the whole of the nation - and the first to seize the poor beast will seize the crown. Caught up in the madness are the changelings Hawthorn and Tamburlaine, the combat wombat Blunderbuss, the gramophone Scratch, the Green Wind, and September's parents, who have crossed the universe to find their daughter.
50 races to run before you die
Countdown
European bridge champioship 1958, Oslo, 18th to 30th august : official programme
Mindtrek is a technology conference organised in Tampere, Finland. The 2016  conference consisted of five different events: Open Source World, Internet of Things Event, Mindtrek  Immersion, Smart City Event and Academic Mindtrek. The main organiser of the international conference is  COSS - the Finnish Centre for Open Systems and Solutions: a small non-profit organisation of seven  employees. In 2016, COSS acted as the organiser of the event for the second time in a row.  The purpose of this study was to identify industry related critical success factors that might need further  development. The objective of this was for Mindtrek to stay ahead of competition in the international  conference scene and, thus, increase competitiveness and recognition. A central focus point needed to be found  for the conference themes so as to make the central message of Mindtrek clearer. The data were collected in two phases; by conducting an interview with the Executive Director of COSS, and  during the second phase an anonymous survey was filled out by the employees who took part in organising the  conference. Mainly qualitative data were used during the writing of this thesis.  During the interview with the Executive Director of COSS, it was found that the critical success factors the  Executive Director wanted to further develop were all innovation related factors. Thus, the second phase of the  study included a survey filled out by the employees in order to find out if the prerequisites for innovation were  fully met at the workplace. The majority of respondents felt that they were not entirely sure of the vision and  goals of Mindtrek, and they hoped for more logical processes within the organisation.  The findings indicate that the innovative abilities of the team could be increased by clarifying the vision and  goals of the conference. This would help with finding a central focus point and deciding on the right themes.  The results also suggest that the filing system in use ought to be reorganised in order to facilitate the flow of  information between employees. Moreover, the innovation process should be paid attention to; problems or  topics should be clearly defined before meetings and more time should be reserved for discussion.
The new competition of the international wine market and its consequences on french producers' strategies : cace company : Champagne Fleury Domaine de la Garelle
Carols winners 1978
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
COMCOT - an innovative tool for improving the competitiveness of community-based tourism : the evaluation of the community-based tourism development process
Arkkitehti = Arkitekten = Finnish architectural review. 6 B, [Kiasma]
Topsy and Tim go for gold
Peekaboo 123 : a Gareth Lucas lift-the-flap book
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
Santa Claus has been described as the world's strongest brand. Although Santa Claus has been examined in the context of product and retail branding, the Santa mythology has been little discussed with respect to place branding. The article examines Santa Claus in relation to place branding and competition and provides a number of international examples where Santa is integrated into place branding strategies in order to construct regional advantage, particularly with respect to attracting tourists. Such strategies are regarded as extremely significant for peripheral areas which otherwise do not have the resources available for place branding that urban areas do. The paper concludes by noting potential future issues for Santa related place branding and Christmas tourism including the impact of climate change and issues of authenticity.
The hating game
Hunger of horror : comics from Oulu Nordic Comics Competition 2015 = Kauhun nälkä : sarjakuvia Oulun pohjoismaisesta sarjakuvakilpailusta 2015
Horrid Henry and the abominable snowman
Metaphoric descriptions of pre- and post-game performance-related experiences in a soccer team during a competitive season
IDO Niagara Falls, on July 30 - August 1, 2009 : all children's solo, duet, group, & formation finals
The success factors of the Finnish mobile game industry : a strategic overview : cases Rovio & Supercell
Risk Management when taking part in Bidding Processes
The art of baking blind
Skills competitions in Finland for people with special needs
Santa Claus, place branding and competition
Little Warrior
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
Fenniaprize 12 : good design grows global
Hotels in toughening competition : case study of Rovaniemi and hotel Santa Claus
The selection series collection : The Selection / The Elite / The One / The Guard / The Prince
Death race 2050
Finnair competitive advantage through environmental responsibility
Survey of Air Purifier Market Acceptance in China
The crown
European Community Design Prize : 1994
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Great British cycling : the history of British bike racing
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
Tangled up in a brew
Nikon Photo Contest International : 1977/78
Innovation as a building block of success : increasing the competitiveness of Mindtrek
Dynamics of collaboration : the case of Finnish and American aerosol research groups
Roger Corman's death race 2050
Nikon Photo Contest International : 1979/80
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
Jack's big race
Nikon Photo Contest International : 1976/77
The complete book of sailing : equipment, boats, competition, techniques
Winning digital photo contests
Sailing solo : the legendary sailors and great races
A Volunteer program guidebook for sport managers organizing large scale ice hockey tournaments
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
One of the most eagerly anticipated events on the sports calendar, the 15th edition of the UEFA European Championship will take place between June 10 and July 10 2016 in France, when, for the first time ever, 24 teams will fight it out for the most prestigious international prize in the European game. This book covers every aspect of the tournament, from how the bid was won and an overview of the venues to be used to an assessment of how the teams got there, a comprehensive analysis of their chances of success, a full breakdown of players expected to grab the headlines and a thorough examination of the event’s fascinating history (including biographies of the leading players of the tournament). Packed full of facts and statistics and beautifully illustrated with a superb collection of photographs, this book is suitable for fans of all ages and is the perfect accompaniment to the year's biggest soccer event.
Ultimate etapes : ride Europe's greatest cycling stages
Great sporting moments
From national prestige to the level of excellence
Regional development zones in Finland: territorial cohesion and competitiveness
Essays on the behavioral foundations of competitive interaction
101 ways to become a world champion : the most weird and wonderful championships from around the globe
Overcooked : gourmet edition : Xbox One
The Cutty Sark Tall Ships' races 1996 : virallinen ohjelma = offizielles Programm = ofitsialnaja programma = officiele program
Witch wars
The XXV European bridge championship, Warsaw - Poland, aug. 39th-sept. 10th : programme
Uneton48 : best of Finland 2008
Team Spirit
The competitiveness of Bando Apparels Ltd in international market
Developing a taxonomy of 'award-winning' restaurants : what are they actually?
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
The Selection. Book 1, The Selection Series : [Elektroninen aineisto
Ready player one
Shankar's children's art number : 52
The adverse selection problem in imperfectly competitive credit markets
Starlight and dreams
Falmouth for orders : the story of the last clipper ship race around Cape Horn
The big biscuit bike off
Competitor analysis and strategic marketing planning in a HVAC company  : Case company: LVI-Kallio Oy
Summary : The Savo cottage -  open design competition.
Wildlife photographer of the year. Portfolio 25
Analyzing China Smart Water Meter Industry Cluster Competitiveness
This article analyses regional development zones (RDZs). RDZs aim to combine economic growth with balanced regional development by directing development in a zonal way between growing centres and less central areas. The zones are generally formed along major roads or railroads between larger centres. RDZs cross many administrative borders and physically connect areas to each other. The empirical material of the study is derived from Finnish spatial planning documents at the national, regional and local levels as well as of semi-structural questionnaire (373 answers) and interviews with key actors involved in the studied RDZs. The OuKa RDZ crossing Finland in west-east direction between Oulu and Kuhmo is studied in-depth regarding the goals of the European Union Territorial Agenda. RDZs can become an important integrative tool for territorial cohesion as expressed in the Territorial Agenda. However, a more efficient concentration of functional activities and land use to core RDZ structures, as well as enhancement of the belongingness of inhabitants and key economic actors to the RDZ, are needed for this purpose.
Creating Core Competence and an Expansion Plan for a Chinese Wellness Company in Finland
Contains the best press photographs from the year 2016 - pictures submitted by photojournalists, picture agencies, newspapers and magazines throughout the world.
International shooting matches at Helsinki 1937 : preliminary programme
Perspectives on value creation and coopetition
Innovation as a Building Block of Success : Increasing the Competitiveness of Mindtrek
The dinosaur games
BRANDING AN ATHLETE AND CREATING STRATEGIC SPONSORSHIP CO-OPERATION RELATIONSHIPS – CASE CARINA KETONEN
Organizing Nice Run event in Lahti
Scramble for resources or orderly development : what is happening in the Arctic?
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
Innovation via design : ID prisen 25 år = the ID Prize 25 years
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
Market Research – System Integrators in Europe : From the viewpoint of Bosch Security Systems
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Forma Finlandia : plastics for tomorrow : international design competition : results = Ergebnisse
Wax on, wax off, or whatever works for you : on the role of pre-competition emotions in elite karateka
The heir
