http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8360 private tuition
private tuition private instruction
Schooling at home : parents, kids, and learning
Swimming against the tide : the new independent christian schools and their teenage pupils
This book addresses an issue of considerable current interest and importance: what is and what should be the role of religion in the education process of a modern, secular society? The subject is tackled through an indepth investigation of a recently established network of small independent Christian schools. First, the controversy itself is examined: What are the arguments for and against faith-based schools in the unique setting of the United Kingdom? Subsequently, the schools themselves are introduced and the key issues are described in detail. The focus then shifts to the teenage population of the schools. Who are these young people? How do they think and what do they believe? These questions are answered by analysing the results of an extensive survey and, where possible, comparisons are made with the attitudes and beliefs of the wider population of British teenagers. The findings show that the young people in the new Christian schools hold different values from many of their peers, and it is argued that the differences are of a positive rather than a negative nature.
Education and the crisis of public values : challenging the assault on teachers, students, & public education
Learning at home : the parent, teacher, child alliance
Home schooling : answering questions
Examines American society's shift away from democratic public values, the ensuing move toward a market-driven mode of education, and growing social disinvestment in youth. This book discusses the number of ways that the ideal of public education as a democratic public sphere has been under siege.
Teaching in transition : the challenge of mixed ability groupings
Education and the crisis of public values : challenging the assault on teachers, students, and public education
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Social transformation and private education in China
Body surfing : a novel
The organization of forest administration in Suomi
The shadow education system : private tutoring and its imlications for planners
Private academies of Chinese learning in Meiji Japan : the decline and transformation of the kangaku juku
Forest policy and economics in support of good governance
Language Consultant Service Project
Adverse effects of private supplementary tutoring : dimensions, implications and government responses
