http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8368 video
video
Final Cut Express : make the cut
Television in schools
Adobe Premiere Elements 11 classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
The result of this thesis produces visual materials in this aspect to guide students and staff members on how to act eco-friendly. On the technical side, it contributes theoretical concepts and practical examples on shooting a short movie from pre-production to post-production. To complete this paper, knowledge on environment conservation and video making techniques are developed. The information is gathered from the section of sustainable development from OUAS’ website and intranet. On video-making techniques, books and practical experiences through implementation are the main resources. The process of making short movies is carried out from March until the end of May 2014, with the use of movie editing software such as Adobe Premier Pro and Adobe After Effects. Cameras and necessary equipment are supported by OUAS laboratory. Edited parts have been temporarily stored in OUAS’ hard drive until the full movies are completed. After the movies are done, a link will be added to OUAS intranet, section of sustainable development, so that everybody can access them easily. Also, they are available from the author’s Youtube channel. The final videos are not only used in Green Thinking course, but in other classes as well, for example in Video lectures.
Communication in clinical encounters : videoing naturally occurring consultations
"This book describes the principles of image and video compression techniques and introduces current and popular compression standards, such as the MPEG series. Derivations of relevant compression algorithms are developed in an easy-to-follow fashion. Numerous examples are provided in each chapter to illustrate the concepts. The book includes complementary software written in MATLAB SIMULINK to give readers hands-on experience in using and applying various video compression methods"--
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
The VCR age : home video and mass communication
YouTube for dummies
Realities of teaching : explorations with video tape
The use of videoconferencing for mental health services in Canada and Finland
Accessing multimedia DSP codecs from an EPOC application
"This book describes next-generation video coding and streaming technologies with a comparative assessment of the strengths and weaknesses. Specific emphasis is placed on the H.265/HEVC video coding standard and adaptive bit rate video streaming"--
We cannot think of modern society without also thinking of video games. And we cannot think of video games without thinking of history either. Games that deal with history are sold in ever-increasing numbers, striving to create increasingly lively images of things past. For the science of history, this means that the presentation of historical content in such games has to be questioned, as well as the conceptions of history they embody. How do games create the feeling that they portray a past acceptable to their players? Do these popular representations of history intersect with academic narratives, or not? While a considerable body of work on similar questions already exists, both for medieval history as well as for those games dealing with the 20th century, early modernity has not yet been treated in this context. As many games draw their imagery - perhaps their success, too? - from the years between 1450 and 1815, it is to their understanding that this volume is dedicated. The contributions encompass a wide range of subjects and games, from Age of Empires to Assassin's Creed, from Critical Discourse Analysis to Ludology. One aim unites them, namely an understanding of what happens when video games encounter early modernity.
A collection of previously unpublished essays by both established and emerging scholars on video games in the global context.It represents the transnational nature of video games in terms of industrial, textual, and player practices, and advances cross-disciplinary approaches to game studies. It includes essays from scholars from seven countries analyzing game cultures on macro- and micro-levels and investigates the growing transnational nature of digital play. They touch upon nations not usually examined by game studies ₆         ₆
Since the publication of Wireless Video Communications five years ago, the area of video compression and wireless transceivers has evolved even further. This new edition addresses a range of recent developments in these areas, giving cognizance to the associated transmission aspects and issues of error resilience. Video Compression and Communications has been updated and condensed yet remains all-encompassing, giving a comprehensive overview of the subject. Covering compression issues, coding delay, implementational complexity and bitrate, the book also looks at the historical perspective to video communication. . New edition of successful and informative text, Wireless Video Communications. Substantial new material has been added on areas such as H.264, MPEG4 coding and transceivers. Clear presentation and broad scope make it essential for anyone interested in wireless communications. Systematically converts the lessons of Shannon's information theory into design principles applicable to practical wireless systems. This book is ideal for postgraduates and researchers in communication systems but will also be a valuable reference to undergraduates, development and systems engineers of video compression applications as well as industrialists, managers and visual communications practitioners.
Greedy Snake Video Game Based on Nios II System
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Three musketeers
Mazes in videogames : meaning, metaphor and design
Film review. 2002-2003 : including video releases and websites
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
Film review. 1990-91 : including video releases
Least among saints
Video synchronization in the cloud using visible light communication
iPhone photography & video for dummies
Video assessment of the motor phenomena in childhood narcolepsy with cataplexy
Wild by nature. Due south
Game invaders : the theory and understanding of computer games
Video production with a DSLR camera : A Guide to Video Production for Smaller Companies
Northern europe : Russia, Prague, Salzburg, Copenhagen, Norway, Amsterdam, Belgium, London and Paris
A-Z of film, television and video terms
Wild by nature. Life in high places
Motion picture and video lighting
The 100 best films to rent you've never heard of
Performance analysis of a video on demand system using stochastic Petri nets : a case study
The technique of film and video editing : history, theory, and practice
Spain : journeys through the land of the builders
Learning objects in education : making videos as an international co-operation
Zero-quantized inter DCT coefficient prediction for real-time video coding
The independent video producer : establishing a profitable video business
New York
Vocal fold paralysis : a follow-up study
Analog parallel processor solutions for video encoding
Video applications in English language teaching
Compression for great digital video : power tips, techniques and common sense
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Designing and implementing a PBL course on educational digital video production : lessons learned from a design-based research
Rough edits : popular image video : works 1977-1980
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Digital video surveillance and security
Planning for video : a guide to making effective training videotapes
Making YouTube videos : star in your own video!
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
Canary Islands
Camcorder tricks & special effects : over 40 fun, easy tricks anyone can do!
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Communicating pictures : a course in image and video coding
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
ATM & MPEG-2 : integrating digital video into broadband networks
Digital SLR video & filmmaking for dummies
Film review. 1999-2000 : including video releases
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
Resolutions : contemporary video practices
Compression and streaming of digital video
Parallel encoder implementations for high quality video
Visualizing change management as academic competence of customer
Abstract: MPEG-2 Transport Streamin siirto MPLS-verkon yli.
Coach assessment tool
The associate
Wavelet image and video compression
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Ice Cool 80's : 18 classic videos on DVD
Producing streaming video for multiple screen delivery
Digital video compression methods and objective quality measurement
The psychology of music in multimedia
The use of video in foreign language teaching : a study of teachers' practices and attitudes
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
Female Characters in Video Games : Representation and Character Types
Music videos in the periphery?
Video tracking : theory and practice
Game analysis allows us to understand games better, providing insight into the player-game relationship, the construction of the game, and its sociocultural relevance. As the field of game studies grows, videogame writing is evolving from the mere evaluation of gameplay, graphics, sound, and replayablity, to more reflective writing that manages to convey the complexity of a game and the way it is played in a cultural context. Introduction to Game Analysis serves as an accessible guide to analyzing games using strategies borrowed from textual analysis. Clara Fernández-Vara's concise primer provides instruction on the basic building blocks of game analysis-examination of context, content and reception, and formal qualities-as well as the vocabulary necessary for talking about videogames' distinguishing characteristics. Examples are drawn from a range of games, both digital and non-digital-from Bioshock and World of Warcraft to Monopoly-and the book provides a variety of exercises and sample analyses, as well as a comprehensive ludography and glossary.
Grammar of the edit
From Scapegoat to Working Mule : Views on the Beneficial Aspects of Video Games in Everyday Life, Education and Business
Tiivistelmä: The goal of this final year project was visualizing the Master ́ s Degree research in Change Management done by Remco Meisner and Roelof van Cleef at the VU University Amsterdam. The main goal of the project was to use a model called MINCE which is meant for evaluating the maturity level of organizations and to suggest ways to achieve a desired state.    A short film was created. The target group consisted of students of the change management department at the VU University Amsterdam and the staff of three organizations participating in the study.    The official premier of the film took place during the Master Dissertation presentation at the VU University Amsterdam. It was also shown in Andarr, an independent company based in Utrecht with more than sixty consultants in the field of ICT and management, (comma) in which Remco Meisner worked as a consultant at the time. The film can also be watched on YouTube and on the MINCE foundation website.    There might be need for continuation, since interest in studies in change management and in the MINCE model in particular is growing. The film can be developed further with voice over or subtitles in different languages.
Introduction to media production : the path to digital media production
Scalable video streaming over the Internet : concepts, challenges, and solutions / Taehyun Kim
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
Analysis of multi-stream video data in the software Transana
Film review. 2000-2001 : including video releases
This American journey : where to from here?
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Electronic projects for video enthusiasts
The complete home video director
Real time recording of video compact disks
Greece : journeys to the Gods
Tracing footballers' movements from video
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
Gaming globally : production, play, and place
The island : Ireland from the air
Video Vortex Reader II : moving images beyond YouTube
Sound City
Film review. 1998-99, including video releases
Modern Videogame Technology: Trends and Innovation
Basics of video production
What YouTube vloggers have to say about school : a mixed-methods ethnography
Handbook of digital games
From the text adventures of Zork, to the arcade game of Pac-Man, to the corridors of Doom, and on to the city streets of Grand Theft Auto IV, the maze has often been used as a space to trap and confuse players in their navigation of gameworlds. However, the maze as a construction on the landscape has a long history before the invention of the videogame. By examining the change in the maze from the landscapes of open spaces and closed gardens through to the screen of the videogame, both mazes and labyrinths are discussed in terms of historical reference, alongside the author's personal experien
Substituting Travelling By Virtual Meetings in the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yleisradio Oy (YLE)
Designing and using CBT interactive video
Video compression and communications : from basics to H.261, H.263, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG4 for DVB and HSDPA-style adaptive turbo-transceivers
Is it the intentionality described by phenomenology and the ambiguous flesh of the active viewer who enters the work of art and fully explores its most extreme possibilities that determine the limits of possible subjectivation? Or is it the work itself that defines the parameters of new potential forms of subjectivity, perhaps involving modes of awareness that dodge the framework of phenomenology? Such are the questions that constitute the ultimate horizon of this essay.
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
The video-communication system
"Game analysis allows us to understand games better, providing insight into the player-game relationship, the construction of the game, and its sociocultural relevance. As the field of game studies grows, videogame writing is evolving from the mere evaluation of gameplay, graphics, sound, and replayablity, to more reflective writing that manages to convey the complexity of a game and the way it is played in a cultural context. Introduction to Game Analysis serves as an accessible guide to analyzing games using strategies borrowed from textual analysis. Clara Fernández-Vara's concise primer provides instruction on the basic building blocks of game analysis--examination of context, content and reception, and formal qualities--as well as the vocabulary necessary for talking about videogames' distinguishing characteristics. Examples are drawn from a range of games, both digital and non-digital--from Bioshock and World of Warcraft to Monopoly--and the book provides a variety of exercises and sample analyses, as well as a comprehensive ludography and glossary"--
Art portraying medicine
Understanding popular music
For every word has its own shadow : Sunsets : Notes from underground : Waves
Mastering Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 hotshot : take your video editing skills to new and exciting levels with eight fantastic projects
Cinematography : theory and practice : imagemaking for cinematographers and directors
Video methods : social science research in motion
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
"From the text adventures of Zork, to the arcade game of Pac-Man, to the corridors of Doom, and on to the city streets of Grand Theft Auto IV, the maze has often been used as a space to trap and confuse players in their navigation of gameworlds"--Provided by publisher.
The Use of video feedback as a performance analysis coaching tool in amateur level ice hockey
This case provides an account of a 2-year study and is designed to give other researchers an understanding of the methodological, ethical and personal considerations needed in doing video-based research on real-life clinical consultations or other naturally occurring potentially sensitive events. In particular, it considers how qualitative research involves working in contexts that may not be fully known about before the research begins and that cannot always be controlled. This leads to dilemmas that emerge in the field and that must be appropriately dealt with in ways that avoid compromising the research, the researcher and the participants.
Chronology
Art direction for film and video
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
The great cities of Europe with travel expert Doug Jones
YouTube 4 you
"Video games are inherently transnational by virtue of their industrial, textual, and player practices. This collection includes essays from scholars from eight countries analyzing game cultures on macro- and micro-levels and investigates the growing transnational nature of digital play"--Back cover.
This case study explores some of the analytical processes followed in a project that looked at multi-stream video data. Key features of this project include the use of computer-assisted qualitative data analysis programme, Transana, and that it touches on three central components to the analysis: the use of codes (keywords), the use of annotations (notes) and the challenges associated with dissemination of research findings that stem from the analysis of multi-stream video data.
Abstract: The purpose of this Thesis was to develop a professional workflow for a video production and to deliver a customer a script which could be used as a base for a professional and coherent educational video production that would showcase the advantages of an online platform through a real life case. The goal for the customer was to make the online platform more known to possible end users and to present the abilities of the platform in both student and business environment. The project was developed in collaboration with the customer, company maintaining the online platform and the University that was using the platform in their own case.    During the project the workflow for a professional video production was developed through an independent short film production. The pre-production, production and post production phases offered valuable practical information and skills for the foundations of a workflow for a single person.    In the Thesis the customers need for the production and the desired style for the production were solved. In the beginning of the project also the roles of the different parties involved and their workflow during the project were investigated. The Universitys own project was found out to be suitable for documentation as a real life example almost unaltered. However, the project of the University was a long-lasting one and only part of the project was decided to be documentary style and the conclusion would be dramatized.    As a result of the Thesis, a script that could be used to produce a professional educational video with narrative was written. Professional video production is at its best when it is done as a group work and different tasks are distributed to people that have the required special expertise. One man operation always suffers from lower quality to some degree because everyone is good at something but nobody is good at everything.
Video conferencing over IP : configure, secure, and troubleshoot
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
Making videos for money : planning and producing information videos, commercials, and infomercials
Quality assurance testing on video games : The importance and impact of a misunderstood industry
In this history, Michael Z. Newman casts video as a medium of shifting value and legitimacy in relation to other media and technologies, particularly film and television. Video has been imagined as more or less authentic or artistic than movies or television, as more or less democratic and participatory, as more or less capable of capturing the real. Techno-utopian rhetoric has repeatedly represented video as a revolutionary medium, promising to solve the problems of the past and the present--often the very problems associated with television and the society shaped by it--and to deliver a better future. Video has also been seen more negatively, particularly as a threat to movies and their culture. This study considers video as an object of these hopes and fears and builds an approach to thinking about the concept of the medium in terms of cultural status.
Write your way into animation and games : create a writing career in animation and games
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Cycling the Golden Circle, Alaska
Independent fictional movie and customer based production : assessment of two approaches
Wireless Control System for an Industrial Robot
Introduction to video search engines
The videomaker guide to video production
A video demonstration of the 14 most valid physical examination tests for the shoulder
Southern europe : France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Croatia, Greece, Istanbul
The effect of musical tempo on video game performance
The Overview and Appliance of some Streaming Video software solutions
Game-based teaching and simulation in nursing and healthcare
iMovie 2 solutions : tips, tricks, and special effects
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Film-video terms and concepts
The Routledge companion to video game studies
Transfer of MPEG-2 Transport Stream over MPLS
Video revolutions : on the history of a medium
International TV & video guide. 1984 / edited by Olli Tuomola ; [executive director: Peter Cowie]
Skeleton creek
Thailand
Production planning and profitability calculation of video production with SLR camera
Film review. 2004-2005
Error-resilient communication : using the H.264/AVC video coding standard
The uses and misuses of bivariate correlations : the case of video game violence research
As if the patient were in the classroom: video-based enquiry into the absent body in medical education
High Definition Video Streaming Using H.264 Video Compression
Mazes in Videogames : Meaning, Metaphor and Design
Film review. 1996-97 : including video releases
Film review. 1995-96 : including video releases
The ultimate video game quiz book
Audio wiring guide : how to wire the most popular audio and video connectors
The castle project : Colorado's haunted mansion
Sams teach yourself DVD authoring in 24 hours
The biggest book of youtube videos ever! : your guide to the coolest, craziest and funniest internet clips
Playing with religion in digital games
Easy as A, B, CCTV? using semi-structured interviews and focus groups in a case study on surveillance technologies in schools
Opera on video : the essential guide
Final Cut Pro 3 editing workshop
Gender divide and the computer game industry
The calling
Videocoaching in Finland’s ice hockey clubs
Abstract. This thesis work is an implementation of a wireless control system for Industrial robot: a Mitsubishi MOVEMASTER RV-E3J industrial robot which has a SONY EVI-D30 camera device attached nearby to provide a real-time video feedback   to the operator. The purpose is also to get acquainted with the related   technologies needed for the implementation of this thesis work. The fields   covered are in telecommunications, multimedia, networking, telerobotic and   programming.   The software development tool used in this thesis work is the Qt Framework   development tools for Windows and the Symbian platform. One application   developed in this thesis work is acting as the desktop application which runs   on the Windows operating system, while another application installed on a   smartphone runs on the Symbian operating system.   The main idea of the project was to develop a wireless control system for the   Mitsubishi RV-E3J industrial robot, and controlling the robot wirelessly from a   smartphone. The smartphone' s can send commands to the industrial robot to   control its movement.   The second main idea of this thesis was to get a visual feedback from the   standby camera to the smartphone through video streaming, the operator from   the mobile phone can control the movement of the camera and at the same   time get visual feedback from the camera which is positioned next to the robot   and it transmits a real-time video output showing the robot's actions.   Most importantly it is very necessary for the robot's movement to be within a   specific area and the working environment must be safe from an accidental   damage caused by the robot.   This Bachelor's thesis work was done in the Computer Laboratory of Raahe School of Engineering and Business.
Videotex applications in the technical information service
Narrative inquiry, netnography and interviews : triangulation in video gaming trade-in
Video in action : recipes for using video in language teaching
Practical guide to using video in the behavioral sciences
Video streaming optimization in ADSL architecture : concepts, problems and performance evalution / Gustavo Santos, Djamel Sadock, Stenio Fernades
Contour/region based pixel motion vectors estimation in image sequence
Veni, vidi, video : the Hollywood empire and the VCR
Understanding video : applications, impact, and theory
The VES handbook of visual effects : industry standard VFX practices and procedures
Video interface card for an HMI device
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Adobe Photoshop CS3 extended : retouching motion pictures
This case study presents an overview of methods used to carry out an exploratory mixed-methods ethnographic study of video bloggers, or vloggers, on YouTube. Vlogs can be used as a multimedia data source for researchers who wish to explore topics such as digital culture or self-expression in social media environments. A combination of online ethnography and descriptive research methods were used to investigate school-related vlogging about school.
Found footage
Early Modernity and Video Games
Sexy Shorts
Abstract.
At first sight
Still image and video compression with MATLAB
This study explored the experiences and understanding of closed-circuit television among pupils and staff in three secondary schools in the Northwest of England. This case explores the research methodology which utilised semi-structured interviews, focus groups and observation. It focuses in particular on the difficulties of securing access to research sites and participants, in this case schools and young people, and the impact that this can have on research findings.
Next-generation video coding and streaming
Video as a Music Visualization Tool : Project: Aquatic System
Classified! : a teachers guide to film and video censorship and classification
Compressed domain image and video processing for memory and power constrained multimedia applications
Poor pretty Eddie
Communicating Pictures starts with a unique historical perspective of the role of images in communications and then builds on this to explain the applications and requirements of a modern video coding system. It draws on the author's extensive academic and professional experience of signal processing and video coding to deliver a text that is algorithmically rigorous, yet accessible, relevant to modern standards, and practical. It offers a thorough grounding in visual perception, and demonstrates how modern image and video compression methods can be designed.
Bivariate correlations, or correlations between two and only two variables, are used to assess the degree of association between two variables of interest. Such correlation coefficients do not indicate causality. Indeed, in many such cases, other important variables may explain the relationship between two variables of interest. In this case study, the author offers the example that boys play more violent video games and are also more aggressive than girls. Thus, to some degree, correlations between violent video games and aggression may simply be a function of maleness rather than anything about violent video games themselves.
Adobe Premiere Pro CS3 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
International TV & video guide. 1985 / edited by Richard Paterson
The games people play : learners' perceptions of vocabulary acquisition via playing video games
Katalog : kvartalstidsskrift for fotografi
A Decision maker's guide to videotex and teletext / : (preliminary edition)
Animated low poly characters
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Katalog : journal of photography & video
Low-cost reconfigurable hardware implementation of real-time video stitching
ESG data generator and interactive browser for mobile TV
Multidimensional processing of video signals
Corporate video production : beyond the board room (and out of the bored room)
Africa : The Serengeti
Film and video lighting : terms and concepts
Screenwriting
"The first book to draw the various traditional and emerging facets of gaming together into a single volume, Handbook of Digital Games explores all the necessary facets to design modern digital game, including MPEG-4, MPEG-7, MPEG-21, Virtual Reality, autonomous Artificial Intelligence, social media function, and multi-generational aspect of modern computer games. Featuring over twenty-five international experts from both academia and game industry, this valuable handbook covers all the basics and current trends of computer games for the engineers in the game industry"--
Whither video? : commercial commodity or public property
Five essential steps in digital video : a DV moviemaker's tricks of the trade
Teach yourself visually Adobe Photoshop CS6
Video compression for Flash, Apple devices and HTML5
Character animation with Direct3D
International TV & video guide. 1987 / edited by Richard Paterson
Communication system design for high capacity and high quality video
The shut up and shoot : freelance video guide : a down & dirty DV production
Digital distribution of video games for PC : A SWOT analysis
Market Development of Video Games : Video game markets and marketing
Film review. 1997-98 : including video releases
Video games & interactive media : a glimpse at new digital environment
Exploring conjoint analysis that uses video descriptions in entrepreneurship research context
This project uncovers a deeper understanding of the influences on trading-in video games and consoles as an environmentally sustainable disposal method of technological products.
H.264/AVC standard in video gateway system
"Introduces a practical critical method for analyzing existing games and designing future games"--
Video communications : the whole picture
Introduction to Game Analysis
Sound for film and television
Introduction to game analysis
Film review. 2003-2004 : includes video releases and websites
Wireless control system for an industrial robot
Final Cut Pro® 4 and the art of filmmaking
Digital Video Camerawork
Video programmes as learning tools : teaching the gas laws and behaviour of gases in Finnish and Canadian senior high schools
Nonlinear editing
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
"This book describes the principles of image and video compression techniques and introduces current and popular compression standards, such as the MPEG series. Derivations of relevant compression algorithms are developed in an easy-to-follow fashion. Numerous examples are provided in each chapter to illustrate the concepts. The book includes complementary software written in MATLAB SIMULINK to give readers hands-on experience in using and applying various video compression methods. Readers can enhance the software by including their own algorithms"--
Use of an educational movie as trigger for reflection on academic organizational cultures
