http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8365 indicators
indicators
Energy Access and Development Indicators: case Ghana
Indicators for sustainable development of marine capture fisheries
World development indicators 1997.
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Performance indicators and benchmarks in career   guidance in the United Kingdom
Summary (s. 11-14).
Indicator value of freshwater red algae in running waters for water quality assessment
Teachers for tomorrow's schools : analysis of the world education indicators
Insights into maldevelopment : reconsidering the idea of progress
Manual : a guide to the development and use of the Myers-Briggs type indicator
Volatile fungal metabolites as indicators of mould growth in stored cereals
Early warning indicators of banking crises
Microbiological indicators of soil pollution in boreal forest ecosystems with special reference to the soil respiration of the humus layer
Improving mental health information in Europe : proposal of the MINDFUL project
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Economic surveys and data analysis : CIRET conference proceedings, Paris 2000
The potential for the use of sustainable development indicators in policy-making in Finland
Manual of fisheries sampling surveys : methodologies for estimations of socio-economic indicators in the Mediterranean Sea
Quantifying the indicator power of an indicator species
This paper reviews the theoretical methodology on economic indicators, and constructs an aggregate index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia.The index tracks economic activity fairly well for the sample period.The evolution of the index in the first eight months of this year suggests that the pace of economic expansion in Estonia is slowing down significantly: from a growth rate of 10.5 percent in the first eight months of 1997, to 6.0 percent in the same period of 1998. .
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) and moose (Alces alces)
Health measurement scales : a practical guide to their development and use
Individual needs, social structures, and indicators of national development
Abstract.
Bubbles in the Finnish and US Equities Markets : Test for the existence and development of an indicator
Benchmarking water services : guiding water utilities to excellence
Observations of industry momentum effect in European equity indices
The extent of poverty in Latin America
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport by 2025 : background, targets and indicators
Education at a glance 2007 : OECD indicators
Improving the environmental conditions in intensively used rural areas
Their fate is our fate : how birds foretell threats to our health and our world
Measurement and analysis of socioeconomic development : an enquiry into international indicators of development and quantitative interrelations of social and economic components of development
How to Sell SaaS: A Model for Main Factors of Marketing and Selling Software-as-a-Service
Indicator systems for political, economic, and social analysis : papers presented at a conference held by the International Institute for Comparative Social Research at the Science Center Berlin in June 1978
A field key for classifying British woodland vegetation. Part 2
Pocket world in figures : 2010 edition
Social indicators : problems of definition and of selection
Yet another fiscal indicator
Quality of life indicators in U. S. metropolitan areas : a statistical analysis
How to assess and monitor ecological quality in freshwaters
Socio-economic indicators for planning : methodological aspects and selected examples
Achieving the objectives 2003 : a nordic set of indicators
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
What the yield curves say about inflation : does it change over time?
Operational standards and guidelines for biodiversity management in tropical and subtropical forest plantations : how widely do they cover an ecological framework?
Insect conservation biology : proceedings of the Royal Entomological Society's 23rd symposium
Business cycle indicators. 2, Basic data on cyclical indicators
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
A sustainable world : defining and measuring sustainable development
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Indicators for sustainable aquaculture in Mediterranean and Black Sea countries : guide for the use of indicators to monitor sustainable development of aquaculture
Indicators of the Finnish society 1999.
Education at a glance 2013 : OECD indicators
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in Indonesia
Mosses, epiphytic lichens and tree bark as biomonitors for air pollutants : specifically for heavy metals in regional surveys
The statistical handbook of social and economic indicators for the former Soviet Union : 1980, 1990-1992
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
On measuring and planning the quality of life
National report on temperate and boreal sustainable forest management criteria and indicators (Monreal process)
This book explores social factors that influence well-being, as well as the relationship between these factors. It examines individual areas of social policy from the perspective of children's well-being, gender equity, and the impact of crime and social capital. The book discusses the relationships of well-being with the provision of public services, with developing a sense of community, and dimensions of happiness in nations. Bringing together perspectives from around the globe, the book provides both theoretical and applied explorations. It links the idea of influencing social factors and outcomes to community well-being, thus adding a new perspective. In doing so, it reflects the new and exciting research that is being conducted at the intersection between social factors, policy, impacts, and community well-being.
Educational indicators in the Nordic countries : describing educational status and student flows : Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden
World development indicators 2003.
European Health Indicators : development and initial implementation : final report of the ECHIM project
Vital signs 2009 : the trends that are shaping our future
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Indicators of social and economic change and their applications
Indicators of the state of the environment in the Nordic Countries
The social progress of nations
Adenosine triphosphate breakdown products as a freshness indicator of some fish species and fish products
Plant indicators of soil, rocks, and subsurface waters
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Vital signs 2010 : the trends that are shaping our future
Social and economic conditions of student life in Europe : synopsis of indicators : Eurostudent v 2012-2015
Gender sensitivity of well-being indicators
A welfare model for selecting indicators of national development : paper prepared for the ISSC workshop on models and indicators of national development in Rio de Janeiro, May 9-14, 1972
Performance indicators for public telecommunications operators
Ecological forest management handbook
Perennial polypores as indicators of annual and red-listed polypores
Land use in life cycle assessment
Knowledge-based tools for sustainable governance of energy and climate adaptation in the Nordic periphery (K-Base)
Performance indicators for university libraries : a practical guide
The OECD international education indicators : a framework for analysis
The impact of macroeconomic policies on the rural poor : analytical framework and indicators
Monetary policy indicators
The use of Chironomid Pupal Exuvial Technique (CPET) in freshwater biomonitoring : applications for boreal rivers and lakes
Education at a glance 2009 : OECD indicators
Education at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Information and documentation : library performance indicators
Social trends. No. 35, 2005 edition
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 1998
Social indicators for the European Community : selected series = Indicateurs sociaux pour la Communauté européenné : séries sélectionnées. 1984
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Climate change : observed impacts on planet Earth
Currency baskets, policy aims, and the lenght of the policy horizon
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management : a compendium
Abstract (descripition). Executive summary (s. 5).
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
Abstract: Key Performance Indicators for Field Service. The purpose of this study was to design metrics to measure the effectiveness of field service in the ABB Finland's Drives Service division.     The need for this graduate study arises from lack of utilization of field service reports that are stored in ABB's drives database called Drives Installed Base (DIB). The data stored in the Drives Installed Base can be used to devise metrics called Key Performance Indicators to track and improve field service maintenance efficiency. The principal stakeholder for this study is the ABB Finland Drives Service.     In order to come up with a functioning system a continuous process to improve maintenance quality was devised along with the KPIs needed for its implementation.     The scope of this study is limited to the proposal of the KPIs and therefore does not include in any way what platform or software is used in their implementation.     The proposed KPIs provide a targeted approach into analysing maintenance performance in a way that is specific and quantifiable. This provides the basis for future development.
Setting conservation targets for managed forest landscapes
Measuring progress : is life getting better?
An updated indicator system: having, loving, being
Integrated environmental information systems in support of decision-making on the oblast level in Russia : seminar I, January 24-25, 1995 ; Development of the unified state environmental monitoring system in the Russian Federation : seminar II, January 26, 1995.
Will we achieve our objectives? : a Nordic set of indicators
Towards sustainable development : indicators as a tool of local governance
The little data book
Pocket world in figures : 2007 edition
Measuring community indicators : a systems approach to drug and alcohol problems
Portraits of type : an MBTI research compendium
The little green data book 2006.
Developing a sectoral sustainability indicator system using the COMPASS methodology
On the relationship between objective and subjective predicaments
Housing indicators 1997.
Assessing industrial pollution by means of environmental samples in the Kemi-Tornio region
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
Creation of a balanced scorecard
Indicator plants of coastal British Columbia
An index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia
Measures and metrics in corporate security
World development indicators 2007.
Measuring regional eco-efficiency : case Kymenlaakso : key results of the ECOREG project
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (<em>Rangifer tarandus tarandus</em>) and moose (<em>Alces alces</em>)
Education at a glance 2012 : OECD indicators
Ecosystem services : global issues, local practices
Social factors and community well-being
Invertebrate animals as indicators of acidity in upland stream
Handbook on constructing composite indicators : methodology and user guide
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Education at a glance 2014 : OECD indicators
Indicator species : an important tool when preserving the cultural landscape
Results from testing CSD indicators of sustainable development in Finland 1997
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Sedimentary zooplankton remains as indicators of lake ecological quality and trophic structure
2000 input-output tables for Japan
Education at a glance 2010 : OECD indicators
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Environmental performance of digital printing : literature study
Work and health country profiles of twenty-two European countries
Landscape indicators : assessing and monitoring landscape quality
Education indicators : an international perspective
Internationalisation of Finnish scientific research
Measuring aspects of mental health
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Summary.
In the wake of the international financial crisis, authorities have been given new tools to prevent such crises. These tools - or macroprudential instruments - are intended to enhance banks' resilience to risk and prevent the excessive lending that often underlies asset price bubbles. In making decisions on deployment of the macroprudential tools, authorities will be supported by a set of early warning indicators confirmed by research data to best predict the outbreak of banking crises..
Science and technology indicators : basic concepts, definitions and prospects for development
Behind the happiness barrier
Vital signs 2006-2007 : the trends that are shaping our future
The problem of the least developed countries
Indicators of sustainable development : a pilot study following the methodology of the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development
Social indicators : proceedings of a seminar, Ottawa, January 13-14, 1972
Indicators of social change : concepts and measurements
Frameworks to measure sustainable development : an OECD Expert Workshop
Weighted averaging models in contemporary freshwater monitoring with benthic invertebrate assemblages
Local occupational health and safety profiles and indicators : proceedings of an International Follow-up Workshop : 22-23 November 2002, Helsinki, Finland
Vital signs 1997 : the environmental trends that are shaping our future
World handbook of political and social indicators. 2, Political protest and government change
Comparing indicator effectiveness for monitoring visitor impact at Intervales State Park, Brazil : park ranger-measured versus specialist-measured experience
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
Education at a glance 2008 : OECD indicators
The OECD list of social indicators
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Status and trends in forest management worldwide : 1980-2000
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Methodological problems of evaluation of scientific performance on the periphery
A welfare model for selecting indicators of national development
Better understanding our cities : the role of urban indicators
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Vital signs 2003 : the trends that are shaping our future
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
Designing an environmental performance indicator for shipbuilding and ship dismantling : project ECO-EFFI final report
Indicators for the sustainable management of tourism : report of the International Working Group on Indicators of Sustainable Tourism to the Environment Committee, World Tourism Organization
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
International comparability of the climate indicators of the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY)
World handbook of political and social indicators. 1, Cross-national attributes and rates of change
Business cycle indicators. 1, Contributions to the analysis of current business conditions
Earthworm responses to metal contamination : tools for soil quality assessment
Quantitative techniques in participatory forest management
On the choice of optimal central bank currency baskets
Trends in the Finnish environment : indicators for the 1997 OECD environmental performance review of Finland
Czech Republic 1996 ; basic socio-economic indicators
Qualitative indicators and development data : current concerns and priorities : a report
DEC recommended practices : indicators of quality in programs for infants and young children with special needs and their families
Indicators of sustainable development : guidelines and methodologies
Education trends in perspective : analysis of the world education indicators
Summary in English.
Age of indicators : changes in the Finnish education policy agenda
Vital signs 1994 : the trends that are shaping the future
Biodiversity indicators and the 2010 biodiversity target : outputs, experiences and lessons learnt from the 2010 Biodiversity Indicators Partnership
A frame of reference for selecting social indicators
Employment security : conceptual and statistical issues
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in India
Family indicators
The GEO-3 Data Compendium aims to provide an overview of national, regional, sub-regiofnal and global statistical data sets used to prepare UNEP's 3rd Global Environment Outlook (GEO-3) report.
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
Key Performance Indicators for Field Service
Guidelines on socio-economic indicators for monitoring and evaluating agrarian reform and rural development
