http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8378 geometric shapes
geometric shapes
The floating ball and the suspended hollow ball
The definitive book on tiling and geometric patterns, this magnificently illustrated volume features 520 figures and more than 100 tables. Accessible to anyone with a grasp of geometry, it offers numerous graphic examples of two-dimensional spaces covered with interlocking figures, in addition to related problems and references. Suitable for geometry courses as well as independent study, this inspiring book is geared toward students, professional mathematicians, and readers interested in patterns and shapes - artists, architects, and crystallographers, among others. Along with helpful examples from mathematics and geometry, it draws upon models from fields as diverse as crystallography, virology, art, philosophy, and quilting. The self-contained chapters need not be read in sequence, and each concludes with an excellent selection of notes and references. The first seven chapters can be used as a classroom text, and the final five contain a fascinating browsing material, including detailed surveys of color patterns, groups of color symmetry, and tilings by polygons.
Viewpoints : mathematical perspective and fractal geometry in art
Symbol, pattern and symmetry : the cultural significance of structure
Uzumaki. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation by Yuji Oniki] : spiral into horror
Preschool geometry : theory, research, and practical perspectives
Symmetries of Islamic geometrical patterns
Andrew Glassner's notebook : recreational computer graphics
Logic and design : in art, science & mathematics
Digital design in sustainable urbanism : explorations in computational design strategies
Thought patterns and emergence of reality
Uzumaki. Vol. 3 / [English adaptation by Yuji Oniki] : spiral into horror
Visualizing mathematics with 3D printing
Geometric graphics : a visual celebration of simple forms
Print & pattern geometric
Symbol, pattern & symmetry : the cultural significance of structure
Designing tessellations : the secrets of interlocking patterns
David Nash : pyramids rise : spheres turn and cubes stand still : Annely Juda Fine Art, London, 19 May - 16 July 2005
Magical geometry : patterns in graphic design
Coloring geometric images
Drawing circle images : how to draw artistic symmetrical images with a ruler and compass
Tilings and patterns
Drawing geometric solids : how to draw polyhedra from platonic solids to star-shaped stellated dodecahedrons
