http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p837 programme services
programme services
Programme of aims and action
Cloud computing for dummies
Effective leadership in adventure programming
Advanced leisure & tourism
Sams teach yourself : BEA weblogic server 7.0 in 21 days
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
Resorts : management and operation
Current travel situation of young people on Viking Line ferries
This thesis was conducted together with Viking Line in order to analyse the current travel situation of young people on Viking Line ferries. Viking Line wished especially this thesis to find out things young people are interested in to do on their ferries and what young people in general want from Viking Line. In addition, young people were also asked possible improvement suggestion of Viking Line's services. A young person in this thesis is a student between the ages of 12 to 17 years old. This thesis was a quantitative research and the research method used was questionnaires. Semi-structured questionnaire was used for the research which consisted of both closed and open questions. 143 young people from Sääksjärvi Junior High school and Lempäälä High school were interviewed. This research revealed that young people are quite satisfied with Viking Line as it is at the moment which naturally is a positive outcome to Viking Line. The results also showed that Viking Line is known among youth and they are interested in services provided on Viking Line ferries. However, there are still service areas that need to be improved in order to satisfy young customers. On the basis of the results, these areas were entertainment and music, programmes and activities and shopping possibilities.     The main goal for Viking Line is to answer to the current demands and wishes of young customers. The possibilities of making Viking Line an even more attractive travel destination to young people are achievable. They do not require any major actions and thus, they are easy to do with a few improvement actions.
Getting started with cloud computing : a LITA guide
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
Feel the Finnish winter : free time activities for the Erasmus IP students
Developing a product directory to sell program services. Case: Hiekkasärkkien ohjelmapalvelut Oy
The invisible web : searching the hidden parts of the internet
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Quality of EIS support and maintenance services
Eurotecnet : compendium of innovation
Climate change and its impacts on tourism in Rovaniemi region : focus on programme service providers
The digital challenge for libraries : understanding the culture and technology of total information
How IT Department Supports the SAP Software Implementation in Hoang Anh Gia Lai Multi-sector Company
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Business travel and tourism
Ecotourism : an introduction
Flash Professional CS5 digital classroom
Programming Google App Engine
From satellite to single : new communication technology and European public service television
Website optimization
Ministry of Transport and Communications' research and development programme for accessibility "Elsa" : final report of the working group
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Development of sustainable entreneurship and support of local handicrafts in the rural Azerbaijan : project mid-term evaluation report
Developing ideas for the curriculum in facility management : competences and future prospects
Growing modular : mass customization of complex products, services and software
Abstract: Outdoor adventure education and commercial adventure services case arctic lifestyle Ltd. the development project of a PR-product.
The public in public service media
Search engine optimization : case company IMS Business Solutions Oy
Microsoft Office 365 administration inside out
NaturGate®, concept mapping and CmapTools : creating global networks of servers improved learning about, in and for nature, ecosystems, biodiversity, and sustainable development
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
Socio-cultural influences on vaccination-vaccinators perspective, study from Nepal
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the company’s plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Automated Customer Support System
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Cloud computing for dummies®
Testing of S60 search applicaton
Forest recreation handbook
The Role of networking in weekly program producion : case Rtg active
Acquiring access to software through an application service provider
Google Apps : the missing manual
From satellite to single market : new communication technology and European public service television
Peeking inside the cloud
Ecotourism programme planning
The extreme searcher's internet hadbook  : a guide for the serious searcher
A retrieval language for Nordic databases : language requirements for the IANI facility
Responsible nature tourism : proceedings of the Conference at Koli National Park, Finland, 3.-4. February 2000
A wilderness and nature guide is a jack of all trades
The Role of Networking in Weekly Program Production : Case RTG Active
Finnish Consumer Agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety in program services
Windows Azure step by step
Search engines on the web
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
Foundations of tourism
The travel industry
Event management in leisure and tourism
Creating powerful radio
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Power of Google : A study on online advertising exchange
Programming for parks, recreation, and leisure services : a servant leadership approach
The development and management of visitor attractions
Tourism : the business of travel
Feel the Finnish winterfree time activities for the Erasmus IP students /
Entertainment for congresses : survey of social programme providers in the Jyväskylä area
Antecendents to and performance effects of software firms' business models
Internet search engines' collecting and processing of web pages : from the perspective of copyright law
Using web applications for improved customer service in logistics : case study: Freight Calculator for Russian Cargo Service Oy
Search aid software packages and services
River tourism
IMS Business Solutions
Inside Microsoft SharePoint 2010
Reading Six feet under : TV to die for
Microsoft SharePoint Online for Office 365 : administering and configuring for the cloud
South Finland challenges Lapland : island enticement
Leisure in later life
Market analysis of program service companies in Porvoo
Software as a service inflection point : using cloud computing to achieve business agility
Leisure and recreation management
