http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8376 cocoa
cocoa hot chocolate
Fortified and soft drinks
Cocoa powders for industrial processing
Cocoa powders for industrial processing : specifications of quality characteristics : why they are important - how to interpret them
The politics of fair trade : a survey
Somatic embryogenesis and long term conservation of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) germplasm
The new taste of chocolate : a cultural and natural history of cacao with recipes
Food chemistry
The visual food encyclopedia
Food beverage service handbook : a complete guide to hot and gold soft drinks
Venture capitalism for a tropical forest : cocoa in the Mata Atlântica
Determination of acrylamide levels in selected traditional foodstuffs and drinks in Jordan
The town of San Felipe and colonial cacao economies
The Cambridge world history of food. Vol. 1
Organising the farmers : cocoa politics and national development in Ghana
Cash crops : coffee and cocoa
The secret financial life of food : from commodities markets to supermarkets
Cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) is an economically important crop for Nicaragua. It represents a secure source of income for the farmers basically because of the high demand in the international market for the chocolate industry. In Nicaragua cocoa production is carried out on small scale farms and the most critical point in the production system is the low propagation rate obtained by asexual propagation methods. The present study aimed to evaluate cocoa propagation by somatic embryogenesis following the protocol developed at the Pennsylvania State University and to validate a reliable protocol for its conservation for long term. Induction of primary somatic embryos was carried out from petals and staminodes of unopened flower buds of the genotype Scavina-6 of two physiological ages. The best frequency on primary embryogenic callus growth was obtained by 1-2 week old petals. Secondary embryo development was done from cotyledons of primary somatic embryos of the clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169. It was determined after incubation of the embryos in four different periods in secondary callus growth (SCG) medium. The highest number of embryogenic explants was obtained for the clone PA 169 after 8 weeks in SCG medium and 6 weeks in embryo development (ED) medium whereas, the best embryo production ratio during the time in ED medium was scored by explants of LCTEEN 28/S-1 incubated twice in SCG medium. Long term conservation was evaluated by incubating immature embryos of both clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169 in liquid nitrogen. There was not registered survival of the embryos after the freezing treatment. However, most of the non-frozen embryos could survive and regenerate from the alginate capsules suggesting that the survival was not threatened by the sucrose concentrations used to dehydrate the embryos but most likely by the intracellular ice formation from the water content that remain in the cell after the dehydration peri
The manuring of coffee, cocoa, tea and tobacco
Bitter Chocolate
The chocolate tree : a natural history of cacao
Chocolate in Mesoamerica : a cultural history of cacao
Chocolate and cocoa recipes ; Home made candy recipes
Why raw? When cacao beans are naturally fermented and dried rather than roasted, they retain much more of their natural goodness. The process also means the berry and coffee notes found in raw chocolate's flavour are intensified - similar to unsweetened dark chocolate. Plus it's very versatile, works in savoury or sweet dishes and, most importantly, makes you feel good in your body and soul. Part of The Goodness Of series, Raw Chocolate offers well-chosen recipes that minimise cooking to ensure that as any of raw chocolate's nutrients as possible are retained to deliver the best benefits.
Chocolate, cocoa and confectionery : science and technology
Fruits of empire : exotic produce and British taste, 1660-1800
Chocolates and confections : formula, theory, and technique for the artisan confectioner
The gourmet atlas
Intergovernmental producer-consumer cooperation in commodities in mid 1990s : a handbook on international commodity agreements, arrangements and study groups
International cocoa agreement, 1993
Commodity futures trading and international market stabilization
The science of chocolate
The book of chocolate
The world of caffeine : the science and culture of the world's most popular drug
World commodity outlook 1988 : food, feedstuffs & beverages
International cocoa agreement, 1980
Fathers work for their sons : accumulation, mobility, and class formation in an extended Yorùbá community
Jessica's raw chocolate recipes : natural power food for the chocoholic
Cocoa and chocolate, 1765-1914
The impact of corporate social responsibility initiative on sustainable livelihood capitals of cocoa farmers in Ghana : a case study of cocoa livelihood program in Ahafo Ano South District
Proceedings of the Cacao Biotechnology Symposium
The true history of chocolate
COCOA, TEA AND COFFEE
Chocolat : l'envers du décor = Chocolate, behind the scenes
Cocoa and kinship in Ghana : the matrilineal Akan of Ghana
Utilization of genetic resources : suitable approaches, agronomical evaluation and use
Structural adjustment in Africa : a performance review of World Bank policies under uncertainty in commodity price trends : the case of Ghana
300 chocolate & coffee recipes : delicious, easy-to-make recipes for total indulgence, from bakes to desserts, shown step by step in more than 1300 glorious photographs
Transition towards diversification of cocoa agroforestry systems in upper Peruvian Amazonia
The no-nonsense guide to fair trade
The story of chocolate
Automatic data processing as an aid to mass spectrometry of dietary triacylglycerols and tissues glycerophospholipids
Chocolate science and technology
Evaluating the Supply Chain of Ghana Cocoa from a  company point of view
Chocolate nations : living and dying for cocoa in West Africa
The goodness of raw chocolate : 40 amazing antioxidant recipes
Business Process Plan of the Option to Include Cameroon Cocoa the into Marketing and Production : Case: Dammenberg Chocolate Factory. Finland
Juvenile diversity of tree species in Theobroma cacao L. agroforestry and primary forest : central Sulawesi, Indonesia
Beverages in nutrition and health
