http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8380 ice cream
ice cream
Sweet eats for all : 250 decadent gluten-free, vegan recipes : from candy to cookies, puff pastries to petits fours
Ice Cream! : The Whole Scoop
Methods for the chemical analysis of ice cream
Amazing Esme ; and the sweetshop circus
500 ice creams & sorbets
The ice cream & frozen yoghurt
Food engineering and dairy technology
The elements of dessert
A passion for chocolate
Professional French pastry series . Volume 3, petits fours, chocolate, frozen desserts, and sugar work
Charlie's ice cream machine
Juiceman
Ben & Jerry's homemade ice cream & dessert book
The big book of chocolate : 365 decadent and irresistible treats
Licks, sticks & bricks : a world history of ice cream
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
The great ice-cream heist
Ice cream happy hour : 50 boozy treats you spike, freeze and serve
N'ice cream : 80+ recipes for healthy homemade vegan ice creams
Culinaria : the United States : a culinary discovery
Sugar & spice
Ice Cream, 7th Edition focuses on the science and technology of frozen dessert production and quality. It explores the entire scope of the ice cream and frozen dessert industry, from the chemical, physical, engineering and biological principles of the production process to the distribution of the finished product. It is intended for industry personnel from large to small scale processors and suppliers to the industry and for teachers and students in dairy or food science or related disciplines. While it is technical in scope, it also covers much practical knowledge useful to anyone with an interest in frozen dessert production. World-wide production and consumption data, global regulations and, as appropriate, both SI and US units are provided, so as to ensure its relevance to the global frozen dessert industry. This edition has been completely revised from the previous edition, updating technical information on ingredients and equipment and providing the latest research results. Two new chapters on ice cream structure and shelf-life have been added, and much material has been rearranged to improve its presentation. Outstanding in its breadth, depth and coherence, Ice Cream, 7th Edition continues its long tradition as the definitive and authoritative resource for ice cream and frozen dessert producers. H. Douglas Goff is a Professor of Food Science at the University of Guelph, Canada. He has been teaching and conducting research in ice cream science and technology for more than 30 years. Richard W. Hartel is a Professor of Food Engineering in the Department of Food Science at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA. He has over 20 years of experience working on the structural attributes of ice cream.
Ice cream and related products
Ice creams and other frozen desserts
Ben & Jerry's double-dip : lead with your values and make money, too
Refined tastes : sugar, confectionery, and consumers in nineteenth-century America
Ice creams, sorbets & gelati : the definitive guide
Desserts : a lifelong passion
Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate
Activity-based costing in packaging logistics : case Pingviini
Ice cream and iced desserts : over 150 irrestible ice cream treats - from classic vanilla to elegant bombes and terrines
A collection of 50 artisanal ice pops, made with fresh fruit, spices, herbs, coffee, chocolate, and nuts. Also features techniques for working with molds, choosing sticks, creating stripes and swirls, suspending ingredients, and adding decorations.
Lenôtre's ice creams and candies
Caminito : ice-cream shop and cafeteria
Ice cream : a global history
Kuluttajan jäätelökioskin valinta = The consumer's choice of ice-cream stall
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
The Patissier's Art : professional breads, cakes, pies, pastries, and puddings
Soda fountain classics : sundaes, waffles and milkshakes
Dairy handbook
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Ice pops! : 50 delicious, fresh and fabulous icy treats
Cakes, icings, and cheese cakes : quantity baking recipes
The ultimate guide to homemade ice cream
Ice creams, water ices, frozen puddings
The professional pastry chef : fundamentals of baking and pastry
Ice cream and other frozen delights
The ice cream industry
Chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla : a history of American ice cream
The ultimate chocolate cookbook
Let's sell ice cream
Single-serve ice cream packaging: packaging structures enhancing brand
Encyclopedia of junk food and fast food
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
Texture in food. Vol. 1, Semi-solid foods
Everything goes with ice cream : 111 decadent treats from raspberry sorbet to cream cookie pie plus fabulous handmade party ideas
Keith : the cat with the magic hat
Ice cream : sorbets, frozen yogurts, parfaits, bombes and more
The big chocolate cookbook
Turbo twenty-three
Characterization of Listeria monocytogenes from an ice cream plant by serotyping and pulsed-field gel electrophoresis
Ice cream : proceedings of the International Symposium held in Athens, Greece, 18-19 September 1997
Milk and milk products : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Chocolate!
Abstract:.
Ice cream adventures : more than 100 deliciously different recipes
Stay cool for the ultimate scoop
A study of ice cream stabilizers
The science of ice cream
Ice cream : an enticing guide to making ice creams and iced desserts
Vegan ice cream : over 90 sinfully delicious dairy-free delights
Gelato & gourmet forzen desserts : a professional learning guide : recipes and useful tips to make excellent gelato, sorbet, sherbet, water ices, ice cream and forzen gustard
Much depends on dinner : the extraordinary history and mythology, allure and obsessions, perils and taboos, of an ordinary meal
Modern art desserts : recipes for cakes, cookies, confections, and frozen treats based on iconic works of art
