http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8394 meat products
meat products
Sheepmeat
DNA-based characterisation methods for contamination analysis of spoilage lactic acid bacteria in food processing
Journal of muscle foods
Lactic acid bacterial contamination at meat processing plants : with special reference to ropy slime producing lactic acid bacteria
A nordic research programme on food biotechnology. 3, Starter cultures in meat products
Refrigeration and the Italian meat crisis during the First World War
Meat, poultry and game : fift supplement to the fift edition of McCance and Widdowson's The Composition of Foods
Meat and fish management
The complete guide to strength training
Market access under the World Trade Organization : identifying sensitive agricultural products in the EU
Handbook of meat processing
Evaluation of Lactobacillus sake contamination in vacuum-packaged sliced cooked meat products by ribotyping
Developments in meat science 1
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
The bacterial flora and keepability of Finnish frankfurters
Research advances in the quality of meat and meat products
Good practices for the meat industry
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Export process of meat products from Finland to Russia
Sensory quality of pork : influences of rearing system, feed, genotype, and sex
Traceability and data processing in the beef industry
Nutritional value of collagen in meat products
Dairy-based ingredients
The utilization of poultry breast muscle of different quality classes
Bacteriocins and protective cultures as contributing factors to improving safety and preservation of meat and products : a literature review
On-line proximate analysis of ground meat by non-contact NIR reflectance measurements : and use of such information in quality modeling for comminuted meat products = On-line analyse av kvernet kjøtt ved hjelp av ikke-kontakt NIR reflektansmålinger, og bruk av slike data for modellering av kvalitet i findelte kjøttprodukter
Microbial control during production of ready-to-eat meat proucts : controlling the incidence of Listeria monocytogenes : interim guideline
Meat and meat products : technology, chemistry and microbiology
rRNA gene restriction patterns as a characterization tool for Lactobacillus sake strains producing ropy slime
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Snack foods processing
Molecular typing of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from cold-smoked meat products by ̦pulsed-field gel electrophoresis = Listeria monocytogenes molekulārā tipizēs̆ana auksti kūpinātos gal̦as produktos ar pulsējos̆ā lauka gēla elektroforēzi
The microbiology of poultry meat products
Gas packaging of chilled meat products and ready-to-eat foods
Pigs for prosperity
Meat and meat products : factors affecting quality control
Characterisation of ropy slime-producing Lactobacillus sakei using repetitive element sequence-based PCR
Meat products for the consumer from the nineties = Lihatuotteita 90-luvun kuluttajalle
"This book provides an in-depth study of the development of quality meat products, from the physiological processes that result in meat development through to final consumption of meat products. Each chapter opens with theoretical foundations to meat science practices alongside methodologies for measuring quality in relation to specific aspects of meat. Providing the necessary tools to interpret information gleaned from quality experimentation, this book is an essential purchase for all animal and meat scientists concerned with the production of quality meat products"--
Inhibition of growth of nonproteolytic Clostridium botulinum type B in sous vide cooked meat products is achieved by using thermal processing but not nisin
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
Texture, fat content and product yield of salmonids = Tekstur, fettinnhold og produktutbytte hos laksefisk
Electrical continuous flow heating of meat and other foods : a literature review
Lawrie's meat science
Molecular epidemiology and heat resistance of Listeria monocytogenes in meat products and meat-processing plants and listeriosis in Latvia
The European meat industry in the 1990's : advanced technologies, product quality and consumer acceptibility
One perfect ingredient
Microbiological ecology of marinated meat products
Streptococcus parauberis associated with modified atmosphere packaged broiler meat products and air samples from a poultry meat processing plant
Micrococci in fermented meat products : classification and description of 171 different strains
New techniques in the analysis of foods
Meat export competitiveness of European Union countries on global markets
Butchery and sausage-making for dummies
Effects of post-workout supplements and resistance training on serum metabolome, muscle strength and muscle hypertrophy
Shelf life of meat and meat products : quality aspects, chemistry, microbiology, technology
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
A rapid fatty acid determination methodology for meat and meat products
The Conran cookbook
Effects of expanding on the nutritive value of wheat bran in pig diets
Handbook of meat and meat processing
Characterization of Lactobacillus sake strains associating with production of ropy slime by randomly amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) and pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) patterns
Principles of food sanitation
Ropy slime-producing Lactobacillus sake strains possess a strong competitive ability against a commercial biopreservative
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Flavor of meat and meat products
The effect of low salt content and low pH value on the water binding capacity of cooked sausage
The manual of manufacturing meat quality
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Microbial ecology of marinated meat products
Handbook of food products : meat and meat products
Effect of becterial inoculations on characteristics and microbial flora of dry sausage
Nutrition labeling handbook
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
The economy of beef production : the third Finnish-Hungarian-Polish seminar on agricultural economics, Finland, June 11-15, 1979.
Russian market survey for Kotivara Oy : Saint Petersburg retailers and cold-smoked sausage market
Salmonella risk in imported fresh beef, beef preparations, and beef products
Should we eat meat? : evolution and consequences of modern carnivory
Meat in emulsion type sausages : an overview
The science of meat quality
The science of meat and meat products
The purpose of this research is to provide insight into the export competitiveness of meat products of the European Union (EU-27) member states on global markets. The revealed comparative advantage index is used to analyze the levels, compositions, and evolutions in patterns of development in the export competitiveness of meat products and their levels of stability at the product level. Except for some niche meat products, a larger number of the EU-27 member states have experienced comparative disadvantages on global markets over the analysed years of 2000 to 2011. The revealed comparative advantages on the global markets are the most robust for Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland, Cyprus and Hungary. The revealed comparative advantage indices and their survival rates differ across the meat product groups. The heterogeneity in export competitiveness of the EU-27 member states suggests the importance of the differentiation of meat products in competitive export specialization on global markets.
The regional meat producers' way to the market
Measurement of the texture of cooked ham and the effect of texture on perceived saltiness
Microbiology handbook : meat products
Effect of bacterial inoculations on characteristics and microbial flora of dry sausage
Olympia Provisions : cured meats and tall tales from an American charcuterie
Poultry products processing : an industry guide
Meat science
"The Science of Meat Quality looks at the development of quality meat products from the physiological processes that result in meat development through to final consumption of meat products. Each chapter opens with theoretical foundations to meat science practices alongside methodologies for measuring quality in relation specific aspects of meat and also provides the necessary tools to interpreting information gleaned from quality experimentation. The Science of Meat Quality will be an essential purchase for all animal and meat scientists concerned with the production of quality meat products"--
Abstracts : 50th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, August 8-13, 2004, Helsinki, Finland
Protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights in today's Russia : case: City of St. Petersburg : state of the art report
"Protein swells" spoilage in a ma-packaged, raw, tomato-marinated broiler meat product
Processed meats : improving safety, nutrition and quality
Sheep and goats for diverse products and profits
Meat products handbook : practical science and technology
The literature review dealt with the principles and methods for the evaluation of the quality of raw meat and meat product in different aspects. The factors influencing the quality of meat products were also involved. A new type of muscular dystrophy in broiler Musculus pectoralis, wooden breast, has been found in broilers. The dystrophy results in fibrinogenesis and thus local hardening in the muscle, but poses no health risk in human consumption. The aim of the study was to explore the maximal percentage of wooden breast that can be used in the meat products without causing a perceived quality defect. In the preliminary tests, wooden breast was incorporated with normal meat in different percentages to make sausage and chicken nuggets. Different methods of comminuting were also applied in the processing of wooden breast. The quality of the products was evaluated through the measuring in different aspects. Comparison was made between normal products and products containing wooden breast, so that a maximal addition percentage of wooden breast was obtained. The results of the preliminary test were later verified in the pilot plant. The addition of wooden breast increased the shear force and binding strength of the sausage and finely chopped chicken nuggets but resulted little change on the shear force and binding strength of the ground chicken nuggets. The pH, redness, and yellowness of all types of products declined with the wooden breast treatment. Lightness of the products was increased by wooden breast. Through the verification in the pilot plant, sausage and two types of chicken nuggets allow the addition of wooden breast to replace at least 15% and 30% of the lean meat in the recipe, respectively. Due to the low incidence of the dystrophy, that high additions will not be necessary in the practice.
Meat science : an introductory text
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
"Featuring twenty new chapters reflecting current interest and updating safety and quality standards and regulations, this second edition of an industry reference covers state of the art science, technology, and applications of meat products, by-products, and meat processing as well as worker safety, waste management, slaughtering, carcass evaluation, meat safety, and animal handling issues, both national and international. New topics include beef and raw meat preservation, Jewish and Muslim slaughter and preservation rules, the use of non-meat ingredients, and newly popular processing methods such as emulsion, deboning, marination, and breading"--
Use of rRNA gene restriction patterns to evaluate lactic acid bacterium contamination of vacuum-packaged sliced cooked whole-meat product in a meat processing plant
Sausage and processed meat formulations
Survival and reduction of strains of Campylobacter species in broiler meat
"Preface. The consumption of red meat and meat products has a long history in most cultures. Meat is a source of nutrients, as well as a sign of wealth in some countries. Various techniques have been developed in different parts of the world over the centuries to preserve meat for extended shelf life and enjoyment. Even nonedible parts of animals are used for various reasons. Thus, meat, meat products, and by-products are important to our daily life. In the past three decades, many books on the science and technology of meats and meat products have been published. Many of these books are useful reference texts and well received by professionals in the meat industries, academia, and the government. Meat Science and Applications is one such example. It was published in 2001 by the then Marcel Dekker of New York. A decade later, the current publisher, CRC Press, is releasing a second edition of the book with a new title Handbook of Meat and Meat Processing. The change in title reflects the expansion of coverage in depth and breadth from the first edition, as illustrated in the table of contents of this book. Apart from updating materials in the first edition, the new edition contains 51 chapters instead of 27. This second edition is divided into six parts. Part I covers an overview of the meat processing industries in the United States followed by chapters on muscle biology, meat composition, and chemistry. Part II covers meat attributes and characteristics such as color, flavor, and analyses. Part III describes the primary processing of meat, including antemortem and postmortem slaughter, carcass evaluation, religious status, and so on. Part IV discusses the principles and applications in the secondary processing of meat, for example, breading, curing, and fermentation"--
Prevalence of Salmonella and Campylobacter in Finnish retail poultry products
Handbook of meat, poultry and seafood quality
Identification and characterization of Leuconostoc carnosum, associated with production and spoilage of vacuum-packaged, sliced, cooked ham
Diversity of Weissella viridescens strains associated with "Morcilla de Burgos"
Electronic nose for prediction of the sensory quality of meat products
Safety evaluation of sous vide-processed products with respect to nonproteolytic Clostridium botulinum by use of challenge studies and predictive microbiological models
Processed meats
Sausage casing technology
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
