http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8396 Pentecostal movement
Pentecostal movement
Empowered evangelicals : bringing together the best of the evangelical and charismatic worlds
Christianity, development and modernity in Africa
Moving to the waters : fifty years of Pentecostal revival in Bethesda, 1925-1975
The South Indian Pentecostal movement in the twentieth century
Faces of renewal : studies in honor of Stanley M. Horton : presented on his 70th birthday
Spiritual gifts according to C. Peter Wagner
Kingdoms come : religion and politics in Brazil
Theology out of place : a theological biography of Walter J. Hollenweger
Neo-pentacostalism in Tanzania : godly miracles, satanic interventions or human development?
Fruitful in this land : pluralism, dialogue and healing in migrant Pentecostalism
Beliefs in witchcraft and demons still shape many societies and seem to be increasing rather than disappearing with modernization and urbanization. Witch hunts in Africa and Asia show the scope of the problem. The deliverance practices of pentecostal and charismatic churches are widely controversial and their effects are rather ambiguous. The contributions in this volume, written by experts and practitioners from four continents, analyze these phenomena from the perspectives of intercultural theology, anthropology, and ethnology, and also describe the responses of Catholic and Protestant churches. (Series: Contributions to Mission Science / Intercultural Theology // Beitrage zur Missionswissenschaft / Interkulturellen Theologie - Vol. 32) [Subject: Anthropology, Ethnology, Sociology, Religious Studies]
Charismatics and the next millennium : do they have a future?
The unfailing stream : a charismatic Church history in outline
Encountering Christ in proclamation : Lutheran-Pentecostal consultation, Pasadena, CA, December 9-13, 2006.
This edited volume addresses the questions of where Pentecostalism is growing globally, why it is growing, and what is its social and political impact. In seeking to answer these questions, chapter authors employ a variety of methodologies and theoretical interpretations, to bring order to the seeming chaos of this rapidly expanding religious movement.
Spiritus ubi vult spirat : pneumatology in Roman Catholic-Pentecostal dialogue (1972-1989)
Nostalgia for the future : West Africa after the Cold War
Handbook of Pentecostal Christianity
Consultation with Pentecostal churches : Lima, Peru, 14-19 November 1994
Power, politics, and pentecostals in Latin America
Women in the Church of God in Christ : making a sanctified world
Pentecostalism and Christian unity : ecumenical documents and critical assessments
African charismatics : current developments within independent indigenous Pentecostalism in Ghana
Rescuing zombies from the hands of witches : pentecostal - charismatic Christianity and spiritual warfare in the plural religious setting of coastal Tanzania
The full life study Bible : New International Version
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 25
Community in a Black Pentecostal church; : an anthropological study
Between Babel and Pentecost : transnational pentecostalism in Africa and Latin America
The third force in missions : a pentecostal contribution to contemporary mission theology
The spirit of creation : modern science and divine action in the Pentecostal-charismatic imagination
Miracles, missions, and American Pentecostalism
The liberating Spirit : toward an Hispanic American Pentecostal social ethic
Lutherans respond to Pentecostalism
Stepping into baptismal water : an analysis of the doctrinal reasoning connected with baptismal words and expressions of Finnish mainstream pentecostals in the early 21st century
Pentecostalism : a very short introduction
Systematic theology
Studying global Pentecostalism : theories and methods
Called & empowered : global mission in pentecostal perspective
Joel and the Spirit : the cry of a prophetic hermeneutic
Lutherans and Pentecostals in dialogue
Speaking in tongues : the New Testament evidence in context
Baptism in the Spirit : Luke-Acts and the Dunn debate
The Brazilian Neo-Pentecostal Movement has impressively spread throughout the country in the past two decades and significantly diversified the evangelical landscape in the nation. Churches affiliated with this movement comprise the fastest growing segment in Brazilian evangelicalism, and Neo-Pentecostals make up nearly half of those in the Pentecostal camp. The Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus (IURD, Universal Church of the Kingdom of God) is the most well-known denomination to come out of Neo-Pentecostalism and possibly the largest contemporary missionary export from a third- world nation. Therefore, the missiological case study centers on the IURD to determine if it has actually facilitated or inhibited the successful evangelization of Brazilian society. Documents by the Lausanne Committee for World Evangelization and evangelical scholars who are in general agreement with the Lausanne Movement provide sound criteria for the necessary evangelical mission assessment. -- T.p. verso.
In peace let us pray to the Lord : an Orthodox interpretation of the gifts of the spirit
Although Pentecostalism worldwide represents the most rapidly growing missionary movement in Christian history, scholars from within and outside the movement have only recently begun academic reflection on the mission. This volume represents the coming of age of emerging scholarship on various aspects of the Pentecostal mission, including theological, historical, strategic, and practical aspects. The more than twenty authors from all five continents, men and women, academics, mission leaders, and practitioners, offer exciting perspectives on Pentecostal movements' contributions to the search of Christian unity in various global contexts.
The worship phenomenon
Not by might, nor by power : a pentecostal theology of a social concern in Latin America
Pentecostals after a century : global perspectives on a movement in transition
The fire spreads : holiness and Pentecostalism in the American South
In the days of Caesar : Pentecostalism and political theology : the Cadbury lectures 2009
Pentecost, mission, and ecumenism : essays on intercultural theology : Festschrift in honour of professor Walter J. Hollenweger
Handmaidens of the Lord : Pentecostal women preachers and traditional religion
Reinventing American protestantism : Christianity in the new millennium
Pentecostalism : origins and developments worldwide
Signs of revival
The history of the Assemblies of God in Singapore, 1928-1992
City of God : Christian citizenship in postwar Guatemala
The spirit in the world : emerging Pentecostal theologies in global contexts
The Pentecostal movement : its origin, development, and distinctive character
The primal pentecostal imagination : variants, origins and importance
The encyclopedia of American religions
The rise of charismatic Catholicism in Latin America
Fourth wave : charismatics and evangelicals, are we ready to come together?
The globalisation of charismatic Christianity : spreading the gospel of prosperity
Another springtime : the life of Donald Gee, Pentecostal leader and teacher
Rite and power = Rito y poder : faculty of theology international seminar
Aspects of pentecostal-charismatic origins
Women preaching revolution : calling for connection in a disconnected time
Pentecostalism and development : churches, NGOs and social change in Africa
Pentecostal formation : a pedagogy among the oppressed
"This volume provides a multidisciplinary approach to the study of Pentecostal social concern in Latin America from a scholar/practitioner recognized as an activist and leader from within the movement. Douglas Petersen blends sociological, missiological, and theological perspectives into an engaging study of Pentecostal social doctrine. " --Publisher's description.
This volume of ecumenical documents, key texts, and critical essays is the first collection of its kind exclusively dedicated to Pentecostalism and its contributions to Christian unity. In the first part, a cadre of internationally renowned scholars addresses the ecumenical heritage and perspectives of the Pentecostal movement since the early twentieth century. Part 2 offers a collection of final reports from international dialogues with Pentecostal participation. The final part contains programmatic essays in response to The Nature and Mission of the Church, a major study on the doctrine of the church published by the World Council of Churches. Most of these essays were first presented by the ecumenical-studies group of the Society for Pentecostal Studies, currently the only organized ecumenical think tank among Pentecostals in North America. Since its formation in 2001, the group has encouraged Pentecostal participation in ecumenical concerns, has hosted Roman Catholic-Pentecostal conversations at the annual meeting of the Society, has invited international scholarly debates on ecumenical matters, and has engaged in the study of ecumenical consensus statements. The essays and documents in this collection model the dedication and commitment among Pentecostals today that engage the challenges and opportunities of Christian unity from the perspective of a tradition that has often been falsely accused of being anti-ecumenical. This collection presents an invaluable resource for teachers, scholars, and pastors interested in engaging the global Christian arena from the worldwide and ecumenical image of Pentecostalism.
Charismatic glossolalia : an empirical-theological study
An introduction to Pentecostalism : global charismatic Christianity
Pentecostal mission and global Christianity
Discerning the spirit(s) : a pentecostal-charismatic contribution to Christian theology of religions
Pentecostalism in Africa : presence and impact of pneumatic Christianity in postcolonial societies
Vision of the disinherited : the making of American Pentecostalism
Pentecostal movement in Slovenia : origin, development and character
The 25th volume of 'Research in the Social Scientific Study of Religion' continues to provide readers with an interdisciplinary assortment of high quality research studies aimed at capturing salient, contemporary trends in the field. The current volume presents a special section examining the role of spiritual and religious themes in sexuality research. Engaging analyses evaluate homonegativity and how religious advocacy influences perceptions of gay and lesbian individuals across different cultures. Also included are papers on the development of sexual identities among religious committed individuals. These papers help to connect concepts too frequently considered unrelated. The regular articles provide similarly stimulating evaluations of timely topics such as religious coping, gratitude, and the role of personality in describing religious experiences.
Ghana's new Christianity : Pentecostalism in a globalising African economy
The Siberian seven
Spirits of globalization : the growth of Pentecostalism and experiential spiritualities in a global age
Portal in Pensacola : the real thing hits Brownsville
Please note that the content of this book primarily consists of articles available from Wikipedia or other free sources online. Universal Church of the Kingdom of God (UCKG, from Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus, also known as UCKG HelpCentre) is a Pentecostal Christian organisation established in Brazil on July 9, 1977, with a presence in many countries.The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God was formed in 1977 in Brazil. It owes its origins to an evangelistic programme conducted by Bishop Robert McAlister, a Canadian missionary in the Pentecostal tradition. The church's spiritual leader, Edir Macedo is a former Brazilian national lottery employee and disillusioned Catholic who began his ministry in mid 1977 by preaching on a weekly radio show, according to Brazilian press reports.Macedo went on to found UCKG. He started to hold services under a small park shelter in Rio de Janeiro and later used cinemas and local halls to draw in congregants and shortly afterwards a funeral parlour.
Smith Wigglesworth : the complete collection of his life teachings
Sex and salvation : imagining the future in Madagascar
Pentecostal spirituality : a passion for the kingdom
Pentecostal theology and the Christian spiritual tradition
Tumelo : the faith of African Pentecostals in South Africa
Not by might, nor by power : a Pentecostal theology of social concern in Latin America
The Pentecostals
Global Pentecostalism : the new face of Christian social engagement
Fire from heaven : the rise of Pentecostal spirituality and the reshaping of religion in the 21st century
Religion and modernity
The work of the Spirit : pneumatology and Pentecostalism
Against culture : development, politics, and religion in Indian Alaska
Rites in the spirit : a ritual approach to Pentecostal/Charismatic spirituality
Holy jumpers : evangelicals and radicals in Progressive Era America
Fire in the fireplace : contemporary charismatic renewal
Integration in Ireland : the everyday lives of African migrants
Fire from heaven : the rise of Pentecostal spirituality and the reshaping of religion in the twenty-first century
Blessing the Church? : a review of the history and direction of the charismatic movement
Holy laughter and the Toronto blessing : an investigative report
Pentecostalism in America
African gifts of the spirit : Pentecostalism & the rise of a Zimbabwean transnational religious movement
A new paradigm of Pentecostal power : a study of the Redeemed Christian Church of God in Nigeria
Heaven below : early Pentecostals and American culture
Consultation with Pentecostals in the Americas, San José, Costa Rica, 4-8 june 1996
Are Pentecostals oblivious to social justice? : theological and ecumenical perspectives
I believe in the Holy Spirit
Pentecostalism and Christian unity. Volume 2, Continuing and building relationships
Derek Prince : a biography
Pentecostal theology : a theology of encounter
Communiqué : dialogue between Pentecostals and Lutherans
Communiqué : conversations between Pentecostals and Lutherans
A charismatic approach to social action
Believing in Belfast : charismatic Christianity after the troubles
Narrating religious realities : conversion and testimonies in Chilean pentecostalism
In the latter days : the outpouring of the Holy Spirit in the twentieth century
The sacred self : a cultural phenomenology of charismatic healing
Market women and mobile phones in the North West region of Cameroon : managing informal market livelihoods and trade routes through mobile phones
Religion and society in Latin America : interpretative essays from conquest to present
Pentecostal and charismatic studies : a reader
All together in one place : theological papers from the Brighton Conference on World Evangelization
Pneuma : the journal of the Society for Pentecostal Studies
Spirit and power : the growth and global impact of Pentecostalism
Spreading the flame : charismatic churches and missions today
The everlasting gospel : the significance of eschatology in the development of Pentecostal thought
Charismatic Christianity : sociological perspectives
They speak with other tongues
Christopher A. Stephenson offers the first critical study of the major theologians of pentecostalism, one of the fastest growing and most influential religious traditions in the world. Drawing on the scholarship of Myer Pearlman, E. S. Williams, French L. Arrington, Simon K. H. Chan, Frank D. Macchia, Amos Yong, and others, Stephenson establishes four original categories that classify recent pentecostal theologians' methodologies in systematic/constructive theology. The four categories are based on the arrangement of Biblical texts, the relationship between theology and Christian spirituality, doctrine concerning the kingdom of God, and pneumatology as a base for philosophical and fundamental theology. Stephenson analyzes each methodological type, then suggests a pentecostal theological method that builds on the strengths of each. He then offers his own, original contribution: an argument for a reciprocal relationship between pentecostal spirituality and doctrine that follows the pattern of lex orandi, lex credendi, and develops a doctrine of the Lord's supper as a demonstration of this reciprocal relationship. Types of Pentecostal Theology provides critical insight into such fundamental issues as the relationship between theology and philosophy, the dynamic between scripture and tradition, and similarities and differences between recent pentecostal theology and other currents in contemporary theology.
Ecclesial identification beyond late modern individualism? : a case study of life strategies in growing late modern churches
Authority and freedom in liturgy: patristic, free church, pentecostal, ecumenical
Visions of apostolic mission : Scandinavian pentecostal mission to 1935
As much of the intense political and social changes in Madagascar revolve around urban youth, who view themselves as avatars of modernity, this book argues that traditional social science offers inadequate theorizations of generational change and its contribution to broader cultural historical processes.
Religious politics in Latin America, Pentecostal vs. Catholic
What is existential anthropology?
Universal Church of the Kingdom of God : Templo de Salomão, Repicals of the Jewish Temple, Murder of Victoria Climbié, Umbanda, Candomblé, Chute na Santa Incident
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God (UCKG), a church of Brazilian origin, has been enormously successful in establishing branches and attracting followers in post-apartheid South Africa. Unlike other Pentecostal Charismatic Churches (PCC), the UCKG insists that relationships with God be devoid of 'emotions', that socialisation between members be kept to a minimum and that charity and fellowship are 'useless' in materialising God's blessings. Instead, the UCKG urges members to sacrifice large sums of money to God for delivering wealth, health, social harmony and happiness. While outsiders condemn these rituals as empty or manipulative, this book shows that they are locally meaningful, demand sincerity to work, have limits and are informed by local ideas about human bodies, agency and ontological balance. As an ethnography of people rather than of institutions, this book offers fresh insights into the mass PCC movement that has swept across Africa since the early 1990s.
Aimee Semple McPherson : everybody's sister
Leadership : the spirit and the structure : missiological perspectives for designing church and mission bodies
Pentecostalism in context : essays in honor of William W. Menzies
In religious terms Pentecostalism was probably the most vibrant and rapidly-growing religious movement of the 20th century. Starting as a revivalistic and renewal movement within Christianity, it encircled the globe in less than 25 years and grew in North America and then in those parts of the world with the highest birth-rates. Characterised by speaking in tongues, miracles, television evangelism and megachurches, it is also noted for its small-group meetings, empowerment of individuals, liberation of women and humanitarian concerns. Without the financial and military support of the state (as was the case with communism), it flourished in almost every conceivable socio-political environment. Even in Europe, where religion most frequently appeared tired and out of date, Pentecostalism might draw large crowds or, within mainline Christian congregations, flourish in a more muted charismatic form. When these two forms are added together, Pentecostalism and neo-Pentecostalism are thought to account for around 450 million people. William K Kay outlines the origins and growth of Pentecostalism, looking at not only the theological aspects of the movement, but also the sociological influences of its political and humanitarian viewpoints.
African Pentecostalism : an introduction
The glory and the shame : reflections on the 20th-century outpouring of the Holy Spirit
The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God in South Africa : a church of strangers
Brazilian Neo-Pentecostalism and the IURD : a missiological case analysis of the Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus
God's peculiar people : women's voices & folk tradition in a Pentecostal church
Bright Wind of the Spirit. : Pentecostalism today
The New Charismatics : The Origins, Development, and Significance of Neo-Pentecostalism
Cultural studies on folk religion in Scandinavia
New religious movements in Africa
A comparative study of selected Finnish free churches and their leadership
Pentecostalism : the world their parish
The Spirit in worship, worship in the Spirit
A locus of exogenisation in Fiji : traditions of disjuncture and the renunciation of tradition in a western Polynesian context
Dictionary of Pentecostal and charismatic movements
Give Jesus a hand! : charismatic Christians : populist religion and politics in the Philippines
"The integration of new immigrants is one of the most important issues in Europe, yet not enough is known about the lives of migrants. This book draws on several years of ethnographic research with African migrants in Ireland, many of whom are former asylum seekers. Against the widespread assumptions that integration has been handled well in Ireland and that racism is not a major problem, this book shows that migrants are themselves shaping integration in their everyday lives in the face of enormous challenges. The book will appeal to scholars and students interested in migration and ethnicity and to a general reading public interested in the stories of integration in Ireland. The book is situated within current anthropological theory and makes an important contribution, both theoretically and empirically, to understandings of the everyday and a site of possibility and critique."--Publisher's website.
Church alive : short history of the Pentecostal movement in Finland 1911-1999
The Kensington Temple story
Conversion of a continent : contemporary religious change in Latin America
The globalization of Pentecostalism : a religion made to travel
The Spirit poured out on all flesh : Pentecostalism and the possibility of global theology
Witchcraft, demons and deliverance : a global conversation on an intercultural challenge
Bazalwane : African pentecostals in South Africa
Pentecostal origins : early pentecostalism in Ireland in the context of the British Isles
Charismatic gifts in the early church
Waiting for antichrist : charisma and apocalypse in a Pentecostal church
Toward a pneumatological theology : pentecostal and ecumenical perspectives on ecclesiology, soteriology, and theology of mission
Charismatic christianity as a global culture
Catholic Pentecostalism and the paradoxes of Africanization
The century of the Holy Spirit : 100 years of Pentecostal and charismatic renewal, 1901-2001
Led by the Spirit : toward a practical theology of Pentecostal discernment and decision making
Global Pentecostalism : encounters with other religious traditions
Pentecostals in Britain
Global pentecostal movements : migration, mission, and public religion
Types of Pentecostal theology : method, system, spirit
Journal of Pentecostal theology
