http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8393 alcohol use
alcohol use
Public drinking, State policy, and Control of Urban Spaces in St. Petersburg/Leningrad from the beginning of the 20th century to the 1990s
The natural history of alcoholism revisited
Sober on the holiday : is it un-Australian?
Gonadal function and morphology in non-cirrhotic female alcoholics : a controlled study with hormone measurements and ultrasonography
Wives, husbands and alcohol : a study of informal drinking control within the family
Trainspotting
Low educational performance is associated with drunk driving : a 31-year follow-up of the Northern Finland birth cohort
Permissible starting age for drinking in four Scandinavian countries
Management of alcohol- and drug-related issues in the workplace
Alterations in dopamine metabolism by intraperitoneal ethanol in rats selected for high and low ethanol preference : a 3-methoxytyramine study
B is for beer
Humoral immune response to phosphatidylethanol
Sammandrag ; Summary.
Easy way to control alcohol
The social patterning of health, smoking and drinking in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Finland in 1994-2004
A note on holocultural generalizations and historical fluctuations in aggregate drinking
Early adulthood in cross-national perspective
Raise your glasses : a light-hearted history of drinking
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
Polymorphism in the cytochrome P450 2E1 gene and alcohol-induced disorders of human spermatogenesis
Regional peculiar features of prevalence of alcoholism and drug-addiction in Russia
I'll go to bed at noon
Use of tobacco products, alcohol use and exposure to drugs in 1977-2005 : adolescent health and lifestyle survey 2005 in Finland
Women and alcohol : contemporary and historical perspectives
Alcohol policy measures and the consumption of alcoholic beverages in Finland, 1950-1975
Voluntary alcohol drinking selectively accelerates dopamine release in the ventral striatum as reflected by 3-methoxytyramine levels
Essays on the demand for alcohol in Sweden : review and applied demand studies
Delayed and chronic effects of chemicals in the workplace : report on a WHO meeting, Kiev, 21-24 October 1980.
Paying the tab : the economics of alcohol policy
Measuring harm from drinking in Sweden : self-reports from drinkers in the general population
Alcohol use and aggression in adolescence : a systematic review with meta-analytic techniques
Binge drinking, particularly in young women, has become big news. Debates about the regulation and classification of cannabis are frequently voiced. Cigarette smoking is banned in public places, and emotive public health campaigns seek to reduce its use still further. Yet there are many sides to each of these arguments, and if we look back over the last 150 years, we see massive variety in the ways societies and states have related to drugs, drink, and tobacco. Virginia Berridge offers a much-needed long view, which helps illuminate our current concerns, and shows how three separate stories overlap and inter-connect. She takes us to the socially-acceptable opium dens of Dickens's London; to the absinthe craze of fin-de-siecle Paris. She asks whether prohibition in America proved to be helpful or harmful. She looks at how tobacco was promoted as a medicinal benefit. She considers the medical use of cannabis, LSD, and other drugs. And through all this, she traces the changes in scientific and medical knowledge. This is a complex story of whether, and how, the state should intervene. How do we balance the interests of personal freedom, public well-being, healthcare, and the economy? Is substance abuse a social issue, or a medical one? As governments, health services, and the World Health Organization grapple with these issues, the wisdom and experience of history can help map the way forward.
Drink : a cultural history of alcohol
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Sweden and the European Union : changes in national alcohol policy and their consequences
The accumulation of police arrests for drunkenness in 1923, 1939 and 1970 in Finland
Visions of Cody
Self-control and self-modification of emotional behavior
Cultural background and problem drinking
Neuropsychological studies on alcohol consumption, affective behavior, and impulsivity
Positive drinking : control the alcohol before It controls you!
Alcohol and youth
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
Last call at Elaine's : A journey from one side of the bar to the other
The science of drinking : how alcohol affects your body and mind
This book documents the consequences of the exposure of infants to the influence of intrauterine chemicals.... The international team of contributors sets out to inform the reader of the potential risks to infants exposed to a range of intrauterine chemicals that are potentially neuroactive, including medicinal drugs such as antiepileptics, antidepressants and antipsychotics, as well as drugs of abuse, including alcohol, opiates, and recreational drugs such as cannabis and tobacco. They review the teratogenic action of some of the chemical processes and the relationship of exposure to the stage of pregnancy. Some agents alter anatomic structure; others alter the chemical balance of neurotransmitters and may thus alter the regulation of brain function, with profound effects on the child's behaviour and propensity to behavioural disturbances. The book explores strategies to support these children and those who care for them, including statutory agencies.--From publisher description.
Healthy young adults' oral health and associated factors:cross-sectional epidemiological study
Responsible sale and service of alcohol : for the tourism, hospitality and retail industries
Alcohol, violence, and disorder in traditional Europe
Inheritance of drinking behavior : a study on intelligence, personality, and use of alcohol of adult twins
Low educational performance is associated with drunk driving : a 31-year follow-up of the northern finland 1966 birth cohort
Measuring the consumption of alcohol in the 1968-1969 : alcohol consumption study
Alcohol and behavior : an activated education approach
Demons : our changing attitudes to alcohol, tobacco, & drugs
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Basic tables of the report : social determinants of health behaviours finbalt health monitor 1998-2008
Alcohol and sport
Tiivistelmä. - Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Understanding the high-functioning alcoholic : breaking the cycle and finding hope
The school of sophisticated drinking : an intoxicating history of seven spirits
Changes in atherosclerosis risk factors induced by hormone replacement therapy or ethanol consumption
Phenotypic characterization of second generation offspring of alcohol-sensitive ANT and alcohol-insensitive AT rat lines
Hangover cures
Black sheep : the hidden benefits of being bad
Alcoholic addiction : a psycho-social approach to abnormal drinking
Finnish teenagers - how they drink and clash with authority
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Rock'n'roll Babylon
Diet and health
Alcohol drinking is reduced by a [myy1]- but not by a [delta]-opioid receptor antagonist in alcohol-preferring rats
Glutathione S-transferase-M1 "null" genotype and alcohol-induced disorders of human spermatogenesis
Regulating alcohol around the world : policy cocktails
Global status report on alcohol and health
Biological Basis of Alcohol-Induced Cancer
Pluralistic ignorance and Finnish young people's estimates of drinking
Abstainers in Finland 1946-1976 : a study in social and cultural transition
Effects of heavy alcohol intake on lipoproteins, adiponectin and cardiovascular risk
The war on alcohol : Prohibition and the rise of the American state
Drinking mothers feeding children : market women and gender politics in Kilimanjaro, Tanzania
Effects of lifetime alcohol consumption on cognition in men in old age
Prohibition has long been portrayed as a 'noble experiment' that failed, a newsreel story of glamorous gangsters, flappers, and speakeasies. Now at last Lisa McGirr dismantles this cherished myth to reveal a much more significant history. Prohibition was the seedbed for a pivotal expansion of the federal government, the genesis of our contemporary penal state. Her deeply researched, eye-opening account uncovers patterns of enforcement still familiar today: the war on alcohol was waged disproportionately in African American, immigrant, and poor white communities. Alongside Jim Crow and other discriminatory laws, Prohibition brought coercion into everyday life and even into private homes. Its targets coalesced into an electoral base of urban, working-class voters that propelled FDR to the White House. This outstanding history also reveals a new genome for the activist American state, one that shows the DNA of the right as well as the left. It was Herbert Hoover who built the extensive penal apparatus used by the federal government to combat the crime spawned by Prohibition. The subsequent federal wars on crime, on drugs, and on terror all display the inheritances of the war on alcohol. McGirr shows the powerful American state to be a bipartisan creation, a legacy not only of the New Deal and the Great Society but also of Prohibition and its progeny.
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Homelessness and drinking : a study of a street population
Alcohol : a refresher course
Adult alcohol consumption after pharmacological intervention in neonatal sleep
Drinking habits in the Nordic countries
Polymorphic low penetrance genes and breast cancer : the role of genes involved in metabolism of xenobiotics, estrogens and reactive oxygen species
Alcohol use and world cultures : a comprehensive bibliography of anthropological sources
The secret history of alcoholism : the story of famous alcoholics and their destructive behavior
Biological markers of alcohol consumption and effect of calcitonin in nonalcoholic men : a prospective, double-blind study
This proceedings volume will contain chapters based upon the presentation of the 2nd International Conference on Alcohol and Cancer in Colorado, 2013. The various topics explore the affects of alcohol on: liver and breast cancer, cell signaling and cancer, stem cells, biomarkers and metabolomics, aerodigestive cancers, cancer and the immune system, and more. In the recent years, a significant amount of research has emerged connecting the link between alcohol and cancer. The field has rapidly advanced, especially since the complex connection between alcohol and cancer has several unique sub areas that are being investigated and this volume gives a comprehensive overview of these advancements.
Alcohol : social drinking in cultural context
Testimony
Beyond treatment? : widening the approach to alcohol problems and solutions
The abolition of the Swedish alcohol rationing system : effects on consumption distribution and cirrhosis mortality
Glutathione-S-transferase GST M1 "null" genotype and the risk of alcoholic liver disease
The 30 day sobriety solution : how to cut back or quit drinking in the privacy of your own home
Drinking and drinkers : three papers in behavioral sciences
Drinking contexts and social meanings of drinking : a study with Finnish drinking occasions
The uses of alcohol and their cultural regulation
Kiss of death
International symposium : Biological Aspects of Alcohol Consumption 27-29th September 1971, Helsinki
The healing landscapes of Central and Southeastern Siberia
Long-term alcohol use in adolescence and neurocognition : a preliminary study
Childhood determinants of later health
So idle a rogue : the life and death of Lord Rochester
The alcohol textbook : a reference for the beverage, fuel and industrial alcohol industries
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among Finnish elderly, Spring 2007, with trends 1993-2007.
Janus-faced taurine : neuroprotection and toxicity
Alcohol : a history
Alcohol and conflict : A qualitative and quantitative study on the relationship between alcohol consumption and an experimentally induced conflict situation in albino rats
Out of it : a history of intoxication
Role of brain monoamines in ethanol consumption and acute intoxication of rats
How to cope with a teenage drinker : changing adolescent alcohol abuse
Battered wives : why are they beaten and why do they stay?
Summary.
An ethnography of English football fans : cans, cops and carnivals
Contribution of deaths related to alcohol use to socionomic variation in mortality : register based follow up study
Sing in the morning, cry at night
Explains the complexities of alcohol and its' sale and supply, and examines the wide range of inter-related associated topics connected to the wider tourism, hospitality and retail industries. It provides a greater awareness of the effects of alcohol and helps readers understand their obligations when selling, supplying or marketing alcohol.
Alcohol and the creative process : frameworks of influence by alcohol upon creative performance
Alcohol consumption and suicide mortaliy by age among Finnish men, 1950-1991
Drinking patterns in Finnish Lapland
Manipulation of alcohol drinking by liver transplantation
Drinking behaviour in small groups : an experimental study
Society, culture, and drinking patterns
Sanctuary
Alcohol nation : how to protect our children from today's drinking culture
Effect of naltrexone on alcohol consumption in a limited access paradigm
Acculturation and the health behavior of vietnamese, somalis, estonians and russians living in Finland in 2002
Confronting drunk driving : social policy for saving lives
Alcohol and cancer among men : public health impact and perspectives
Alcohol and the gastrointestinal tract
Lessons learned in drug abuse prevention : a global review
Alcohol and the family
Nordic alcohol statistics 1990-1994
Cognitive functioning in alcohol and other substance use disorders in young adulthood : a genetic epidemiological study
Behavioral sensitivity and ethanol potentiation of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist MK-801 in a rat line selected for high ethanol sensitivity
Young men's sexual behaviour in Finland and Estonia : opportunities for prevention of sexually transmitted infections
Factors affecting voluntary alcohol consumption in the albino rat
Unrecorded consumption of alcohol in Finland, 1950-1975
Their lips talk of mischief
Abstract in Swedish: Informell social kontroll av drickande
International symposium Biological aspects of alcohol consumption 27-29th September 1971, Helsinki
Alcohol and sexuality : an annotated bibliography on alcohol use, alcoholism and human sexual behavior
Alcohol beverage use in the Falkland Islands camp : an ethnography of a cultural domain
National Public Health Institute, Department of Mental Health and Alcohol Research : background material for the international evaluation
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Alcohol problems in the community
Adolescents, alcohol and drugs : a practical guide for those who work with young people
Early-onset depressive disorders, related mental health disorders and substance use-a prospective, longitudinal study of finnish twins born 1983-1987
Studies on alcohol habits : development and problems in a birth cohort of Swedish males
ABC of Alcohol
Benzodiazepine receptor ligands modulate ethanol drinking in alcohol-preferring rats
Drinking and unemployment : contrasting patterns among men and women
Summary (s. VIII-IX).
The alcohol problem in Finland up to date
This work discusses healthy versus unhealthy alcohol consumption, describes the health benefits of consuming alcohol in moderation, and explains how alcohol influences the brain and body. Scientific research has clearly established that drinking in moderation has many health benefits, including maintaining a healthy heart. Yet, many people do not know that drinking red wine protects the heart more than white wine, while beer, margaritas, and hard liquor are less effective in providing such protection. And while alcoholism is a serious problem requiring medical and psychological treatment, for those who are not addicted, drinking alcohol is not necessarily a bad habit. The problem is to distinguish between drinking sensibly and drinking insensibly. The author clearly outlines what constitutes healthy drinking and its attendant health benefits, offers advice on how to drink responsibly, and provides insight into just how alcohol works on the brain and the body. Questions this book addresses include:  What constitutes a safe drinking and what is excessive drinking; Understand how much drinking is safe before driving home; Why red wine is superior to other alcoholic beverages for protecting heart; Why underage drinking can cause severe brain damage; Why drinking during pregnancy is dangerous; Why heavy drinking can cause severe liver disease.  After reading this book, readers will enjoy their next drink with a fuller and safer understanding of why they're enjoying it.
Fit, healthy & intoxicated : a self-help book for alcohol lovers
Alcohol, drugs, and medication in pregnancy : the long-term outcome for the child
Drink : the intimate relationship between women and alcohol
The role of alcohol and steroid hormones in human aggression
On the demon drink
American drinking practices : a national study of drinking behavior and attitudes
The effects of centrally active drugs on voluntary alcohol consumption : satellite symposium to the Sixth International Congress of Pharmacology, July 26, 1975, Helsinki, Finland
Finnish drinking habits : a review of research and trends in acute effects of heavy drinking
English summary.
Substance abuse : a comprehensive textbook
Recorded consumption of alcohol in Finland, 1950-1975
Associations between alcohol consumption and self-reported anger and aggressive behavior : moderating effects of the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) in real-life settings
Alcohol misuse : a European perspective
Traditional festive drinking in Finland : according to responses to an ethnological questionnaire A18/73
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Substance use disorders in adolescence: comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background:
a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
Alcohol consumption in the rat : modulation by adrenal steroids and mesotelencephalic dopamine
On national commodity consumption patterns and the use of alcohol
From the publisher. The purpose of this book is to provide a critical examination of human use of alcohol across cultures and through time, thereby providing a framework for undergraduate students to self-consciously examine their beliefs about and use of alcohol. Almost all books written about alcohol for college students have a "problems" perspective, either clinically (alcohol as a drug) or societally (as deviance, or a social problem). Many students have problems responding to these approaches. Understanding human use of alcohol anthropologically is a refreshingly different and effective method of harm reduction, which can be used by instructors to teach students how to reduce potential damage to themselves and others, while at the same time conveying the "anthropological imagination."
