http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8397 regional studies
regional studies
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
Managing urban change. Vol. 2, The role of government
Market Research and Market Entry Challenges of Finnish Companies in Turkey : A comparison of technology-centric and product-centric approaches
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Cultural and societal change in the North : the role of innovation in development
Territoriality and the idea of modern administration
New activities in rural areas : a Finnish research programme
Spatial divisions of labour : social structures and the geography of production
From in-betweenness to nothingness : intersections of race, class and gender in Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
"Asianization of the Finnish Academic Studies : Volume III Course Descriptions during the Academic Year 1996-1997
"Asianization" of the Finnish academic studies. Volume 1, Arts, social sciences and theology
Northerners : common identity or worlds apart?
Technological change and regional development
Spatial choices and processes
Report of the second Norwegian arctic expedition in the "Fram" 1898-1902.. Vol. 4
On the parameterization of basal heat flux for sea-ice modelling
Managing the spatial impacts of industrial change in Finland
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
The northern dimension of cultural identity
Where land meets sea : coastal explorations of landscape, representation and spatial experience
Regional development platform analysis as a tool for regional innovation policy
Lexicon topographicum urbis Romae. Vol. 4, P - S
Towards minimizing measurement uncertainty in total petroleum hydrocarbon determination by GC-FID
Market survey for environmental technology : case: Ekomuovi Oy
Mire induction, ecosystem dynamics and lateral extension on raised bogs in the southern coastal area of Finland
The institutionalization of regions : theory and comparative case studies
Innovations, institutions and territory : regional innovation systems in Canada
Geographical information systems and science
Electronic media and industrialized nations : a comparative study
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
The Southern Appalachian region : a survey
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
Complex spatial systems : the modelling foundations of urban and regional analysis
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
Spatial analysis and population dynamics = Analyse spatiale et dynamique des populations
Spatial analytical perspectives on GIS
Regional northern identity : from past to future
Cooperating arctic regions
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Analysis and modelling of spatial environmental data
Socio-economic developments in Greenland and in other small nordic jurisdictions
APPROACHES TO REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT : TWO DECADES OF RESEARCH
The connection between migration and regional structure in Finland around 1990 : a GIS viewpoint
Prospects for Finnish localities : a conceptual framework of a multidisciplinary programme of research
Environmental research in the Arctic 2005
Area research : theory and practice
Cities, agglomeration and spatial equilibrium
Centrality and cities
The historical formation of northern Finland : administration and identities
Entrepreneurship in emerging regions around the world : theory, evidence and implications
"Asianization" of the Finnish academic studies. Volume 2, Economics, business studies and sciences
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
Regional research in developing local communities - a strategic approach
Map illustrating the site of the harbours for the proposed Obi-railway : the soundings are all calculated in feet and are based upon the data of the Russian Marine Ministry : the underlined figures are soundings taken by the scooner Bakan, 1887.
Values associated with regional development in the countryside of the north
The changing spatial structure of society and the northern regions
Regional variations in working hours and work orientation in Finland
Complex adaptive innovation systems : relatedness and transversality in the evolving region
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
The northern periphery - a developing part of the Finnish economy
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Urban and regional studies in Finland 1980-1986 : an annotated list
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions:an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Sketch map of part of Spitzbergen
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
The Helsinki region ICT cluster
Proceedings of the International Symposium Southeast Asia : Global Area Studies for the 21st Century
Methods of regional analysis : an introduction to regional science
Preface : the International Polar Year project 'Kinnvika' − Arctic warming and impact research at 80° N.
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
Regionalization in the Barents Sea area
Regional dynamics of the North Calotte area
Emerging clusters : theoretical, empirical and political perspectives on the initial stage of cluster evolution
The changing geography of international business
An introduction to regional geography
Biogas in Vietnam : a proposed business model in biogas sector
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected Areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
Market analysis of Southern China : Why Finnair failed in Guangzhou and what should be learned
Market research for new product development : case Emfit Ltd
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Technological change and regional development in Europe
Urban and regional research in Finland 1980-1986 : an annotated list
Methodological exercises in regional geography : France as an example
Designing a sampling system for concurrently measuring outdoor recreation visitation and describing visitor characteristics
Globalizing regional development in East Asia : production networks, clusters and entrepreneurship
Enhancing the image of the public sector through marketing communication : Birmingham City Council, UK
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
The politics of East European area studies
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
The problems of the northern countryside and their alleviation by means of training and development measures
Central Spitsbergen from sketch surveys made in 1896 and 1897
Restructuration and socio-spatial research
The inception of a joint development concept in the Bavaria-Saxonia-Bohemia triangle
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Managing the sense of a region
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Economy, territory, identity : politics of West European peripheries
Population estimates : methods for small area analysis
Papers from the EAA Third Annual Meeting at Ravenna 1997. 1, Pre- and protohistory
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
The other world : issues and politics of the developing world
Regional dynamics of socioeconomic change
A decomposition analysis of regional poverty in Russia
Beyond the site : regional studies in the Aegean area
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Landscape indicators : assessing and monitoring landscape quality
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
On the content and patterns of regional polarization : with respect to unemployment in Finland
High technology, space, and society
Struggle over strategy : states, localities, and economic restructuring in Sunderland and Uddevalla
The role of the region Nordkalotten in a Europe of Networks
Some international and regional facts and perspectives about the new rise of enterpreneurs
The role of the inclusion of the Finno-Ugric component in the regional system of highar education
Affects of road sign wording on visitor survey : non-response bias
Evolving regional and local development
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
The transformation of the identity of the Karelian Isthmus of Russia
Strategic market approach for entering the Indian solar water pump market : plan the marketing strategy for solar off-grid applications
Unfolding webs : the dynamics of regional rural development
Region-building and regional dynamics with multi-functional interests in the European North
South Pacific Ocean
Divergencies, convergencies, uncertainties : VI World Congress for Central and East European Studies, 29 July - 3 August 2000, Tampere, Finland : programme
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
Comparing indicator effectiveness for monitoring visitor impact at Intervales State Park, Brazil : park ranger-measured versus specialist-measured experience
Spatial variables as analytical concepts : levels, territory and action
Efforts to create new development
Regional development zones in spatial development in Finland : governing spatial development through new territorial frames
The functional centers and areas of South Bothnia, Finland
On fragmentation and coherence in regional research
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Europe at the margins : new mosaics of inequality
Smart specialisation in the Helsinki-Uusimaa region : research and Innovation Strategy for Regional Development 2014–2020
European bibliography of Soviet, East European and Slavonic studies
Methods of interregional and regional analysis
Ireland beyond boundaries : mapping Irish studies in the twenty-first century
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Knowledge capital as the source of growth
EU-Asia and the re-polarization of the global economic arena
Area studies and social science : strategies for understanding Middle East politics
Consuming places
Karelia - a cross-border region? : The EU and cross-border region-building on the Finnish-Russian border
Southeast Asian studies : debates and new directions
On the concept and delimitation of the present-day provinces of Finland
The literature and study of urban and regional planning
Rethinking the region
Arctic yearbook
Africa proconsularis : regional studies in the Segermes Valley of Northern Tunesia. Vol. 1, Archaeological field work
Research reports
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Rural change: structured coherence or unstructured incoherence?
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Starfish
Perceptions of marginality : theoretical issues and regional perceptions of marginality in geographical space
Marginal locations, central concerns
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Research report
Can data combination help to explain the existence of diverse landscapes?
Area-studies and general theory: the case of the EU
Report of the second Norwegian arctic expedition in the "Fram" 1898-1902.. Vol. 3
Regional identity : theoretical viewpoints and empirical examples of a contested category
The development of a remote-download system for visitor counting
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions : an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Development in the Tornio valley : empirical and theoretical approaches
Defining arcticity: phenomenological study on tourists' understanding of arctic
Quo vadis? : inequality and poverty dynamics across Russian regions
A future for geography
Africa proconsularis : regional studies in the Segermes Valley of Northern Tunesia. Vol. 2, Pottery, numismatics, and the antiquarian data
Development of the Touruvuori outdoor recreation area
Migration and regional development in the rural communes of Kainuu, Finland in 1980-85
German hidden champions : Eu's best option in global B2B markets!
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
What is borderology?
Decentring & diversifying Southeast Asian studies : perspectives from the region
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
Imposing regularity in prices on factor demand models : an application to the regular region studies
Northern ToSIA - Marketing materials from case studies
Latitude : university of Lapland magazine
Globalization and African economics
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Practical handbook of spatial statistics
Actor-networks of Northern lights tourism in Iceland, Norway and Finland
Europe and the Asia-Pacific : culture, identity and representations of region
Market opportunities in emerging markets : case study: Rideascout's innovative vehicle and Vietnamese market
