http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8398 regional science
regional science
Pandemonium : the rise of predatory locales in the postwar world
Transport and land use
Cities of the Baltic Sea region : development trends at the turn of the millennium
Urban regeneration : a handbook
Progress in human geography
Transport projects, programmes and policies : evaluation needs and capabilities
Regional foresight in Estonia and Southern Finland : general theory, specific cases
The languages of the world
Regional science : perspectives for the future
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Complex spatial systems : the modelling foundations of urban and regional analysis
The celebration chronicles : life, liberty and the pursuit of property value in Disney's new town
Finnish ways of speaking about Americans
The urban geography reader
The rule of freedom : liberalism and the modern city
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
City images and urban regeneration
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Drawing the line : nature, hybridity and politics in transboundary spaces
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
Location theory. 1
Regional science : retrospect and prospect
Urban world/global city
The local perception on changes in water availability and accessibility in the Taita Hills, Kenya
Where land meets sea : coastal explorations of landscape, representation and spatial experience
Methods of interregional and regional analysis
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Spatial economic analysis : the journal of the Regional Studies Association [and] Regional Science Association International, British and Irish Section
Text and Image : social construction of regional knowledges
Annals of regional science
Regions : critical essays in human geography
Regional dynamics of socioeconomic change
Post-structuralist geography : a guide to relational space
Social theory and regional studies in the global age
Empowering women through microcredit : the case of Nepal
Introduction to regional science
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Borders of the mind : perceptions of the border and the other side in the San Diego-Tijuana region
The present study focuses on two important dynamic capabilities in regional innovation systems: visionary capability and innovative capability. Visionary capability is based on the ability to acquire and assimilate future-oriented knowledge, and innovative capability on the ability to transform and exploit the acquired knowledge in the actual innovation processes. In the regional innovation system, innovation processes often take place in heterogeneous multi-actor innovation networks that set special demands for the absorptive capacity of the entire system. The present article sheds light on the aggregate process of generating and using foresight knowledge in regional innovation processes. Experiences gained by resource-based futures research and an "innovation session method" in the Lahti Region in Finland are described in a case study.
Homes apart : South Africa's segregated cities
Examining the relationship between urban structure and transportation : case study of Boston, Massachusetts
The global cities reader
Planning metropolitan landscapes : concepts, demands, approaches
Places and regions in global context : human geography
Regional dynamics. 1
Cosmopolis II : mongrel cities of the 21st century
Reflections on national geopolitics : how national geopolitics are mirrored in web map services
Regional housing and labour markets
Airborne laser scanning based identification and interpretation on ecologically important old-growth forest habitats in natural conservation areas
Location theory. 2
The creative city : a toolkit for urban innovators
The state of the world's cities : globalization and urban culture
Urban structure in West African city and its analysis with urban models and theory : a case study of Lagos, Nigeria
Technological change in a spatial context : theory, empirical evidence and policy
Handbook of regional and urban economics, volume 3. Vol. 3, Applied urban economics
Periphery syndrome : a reinterpretation of regional development theory in a resource periphery
Fundamentals of spatial information systems
Urban geography : a global perspective
Thinking about urban form : papers on urban morphology, 1932-1998
Globalization and African economics
Trans-national practices : systems thinking in policy making
Analytical urban economics
Economic activity and land use : the changing information base for local and regional studies
Journal of urban affairs : the journal of the Urban Affairs Association
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
A method for assessing absorptive capacity of a regional innovation system
Human geography : a welfare approach
Disaster risk reduction from gender perspective a case study from Nicaragua
Landscape Ecology for Sustainable Environment and Culture
From object to subject : analysis of third world women's representations in Kehitysyhteistyö and Kehitys -journals
Twentieth-century sprawl : highways and the reshaping of the American landscape
The transformation of the identity of the Karelian Isthmus of Russia
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
Geographies of rural cultures and societies
The potential of urban agriculture for enhanced food security in Bangkok, Thailand
Urban affairs review
Spatial interaction theory and planning models
Journal of regional science
A social history of Milton Keynes : Middle England/edge city
The spatial organization of society
The institutionalization of regions : theory and comparative case studies
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Ecotourism potential of Amani Nature Reserve, Tanzania
The origins & futures of the creative city
Regional dynamics. 2
Integrated analysis of regional systems
The resilient city : how modern cities recover from disaster
Regional policy and regional integration
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
The city : a global history
A shrinking world? : global uneveness and inequality
Papers in regional science : the journal of the Regional Science Association International
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Man, space, and environment : concepts in contemporary human geography
Regional & federal studies : an international journal
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Outcomes of post-tsunami housing reconstruction : a case study from Sri Lanka
Europe at the margins : new mosaics of inequality
Territoriality and the rise of modern state
Politics of development in the Barents region
Urban growth and innovation : spatially bounded externalities in the Netherlands
Regional science-based clusters:a case study of three European concentrations
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
Regional development, planning and policy : notes on dimensions
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
Decentralised planning and development : new directions
Whither regional studies?
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Spatial data analysis in the social and environmental sciences
International journal of urban and regional research
Complex adaptive innovation systems : relatedness and transversality in the evolving region
Methods of regional analysis : an introduction to regional science
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Trends in geography : an introductory survey
Change and stability in urban Europe : form, quality and governance
Managing the sense of a region
Global metropolitan : globalizing cities in a capitalist world
Do we need the South? : perspectives on the Northern environment
New economic geography
Development issues of the Balaton region
Geographical information systems and science
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
Structures of memory : understanding urban change in Berlin and beyond
