http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p84 education and training
education and training
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries : The Health and Welfare Institutions Cooperation Network HEWENET -project
Case study on "School timetable reform in France", Pau and Le Teil
Driver behaviour and training. Volume IV
Soviet education
Educating nurses for leadership
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
Out of our minds : learning to be creative
Synthesising qualitative research : choosing the right approach
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
A career in catering : choosing a course
The power of positive horse training : saying yes to your horse
Education andtraining 2010 : three studies to support school policy development. Lot 2, Teacher education curricula in the EU. Final Report
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
Evaluation of the outcomes of entrepreneurship education revisited : evidence from Estonia and Latvia
The organization of knowledge in modern America 1860-1920
Evaluation of Bachelor's level education at the Aalto Mikkeli Campus : alumni survey in cooperation with SEFE
Literacy and gender : researching texts, contexts and readers
Education 2000 : educational change with consent
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
OECD thematic review of tertiary educationn : country background report for Finland
ICCS 2009 European report : civic knowledge, attitudes, and engagement among lower-secondary students in 24 European countries
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
International Business Management : A Master`s Degree Revised
Model course on navigation in polar waters : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140106)
Lifelong learning for the new decade
Nurse education today
Handbook of research on ePortfolios
Teaching Africa : towards a transgressive pedagogy
Abstract.
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Enchancing coaches' professional development through a goal setting program : an action research cross-case study
Arts Education in Namibian Schools
Enlightenment for the masses : Confucian education in the manner of Guwen guanzhi
The millennium development goals report 2012
Primary education in Switzerland : report
Record of the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Conference on Migrants' Education, Strasbourg November 1974
Student flows and migration : an empirical analysis
Overseas training in Finland : an appraisal : a study commissioned by Finnish international development agency (FINNIDA), Finnish ministry of foreign affairs
Ethics as a major element of sustainability in educational leadership across Finnish education
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Dealing with the unexpected : organizational sensemaking within the scope of collaborative leadership
In-service training : five Asian experiences
SMARTSET : User Requirements Difinition
There is a paradox. As children, most of us think we are highly creative; as adults many of us think we are not. What changes as children grow up? Organizations across the globe are competing in a world that is changing faster than ever. They say they need people who can think creatively, who are flexible and quick to adapt. Too often they say they can't find them. Why not? In this provocative and inspiring book Ken Robinson addresses three questions: [1] Why is it essential to promote creativity? Business leaders, politicians and educators emphasize the vital importance of promoting creativity and innovation. Why does it matter so much? [2] What is the problem? Why do so many people think they are not creative? Young children are buzzing with ideas. What happens as we grow up and go through school to make us think we are not creative? [3] What can be done about it? What is creativity? What can companies, schools and organizations do to develop creativity and innovation in a deliberate and systematic way? In this extensively revised and updated version of his bestselling classic, Out of Our Minds, Ken Robinson offers a groundbreaking approach to understanding creativity in education and in business. He argues that people and organizations everywhere are dealing with problems that originate in schools and universities and that many people leave education with no idea at all of their real creative abilities. Out of Our Minds is a passionate and powerful call for radically different approaches to leadership, teaching and professional development to help us all to meet the extraordinary challenges of living and working in the 21st century. -- taken from dust jacket.
Evidence-based practice in educating deaf and hard-of-hearing students
Doctoral grants and post-doctoral fellowships 2002-03
Future Orientation and Outlook for Vehicle and Transportation Bachelor Education in Oulu UAS
Beyond Leadership by PowerPoint
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Towards active and working life orientated learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
A common policy for education
Dog training with Mr Perks
Checklist and training guidelines : E5x & SGe5
How to support the teaching of multicultural groups in Finland
Pareto-improving bequest taxation
A model of saving and education
An evaluation of Kenya science teachers' college
Education and economic thought
The role of aid in the development of education for all : a conference report from the 1996 NASEDEC conference held at the Agricultural University of Norway, June 15 - June 17, at AS
Contemporary marginalization and exclusion of young people : whose reality counts?
Towards active citizenship : Friskie Programme as a professional method for guidance
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Society, schools and progress in Tanzania
Changing the school culture
Filosofiâ avtorizovannogo obrazovaniâ : akademičeskaâ lekciâ na russkom i anglijskom âzykah = The philosoohy of the authorized education : an academic lecture in Russian and in English
Main themes of forthcoming conferences and priority areas for European action and co-operation in the field of education : report
The semiotic grounds of animal assistance : sign use of guide dogs and their visually impaired handlers
Education at a glance 2013 : OECD indicators
Vocational teacher education in Finland : towards broad-based teaching
The paper reconsiders the relative efficiency of the draft versus the professional army in the case where countries belong to different risk classes. We refute the earlier result that the welfare with a draft is always lower than with a professional army. The welfare comparison is shown to depend on the national security determined by the risk class of the country. The existence of the reserve strengthens the case for the draft army. We use Israel, Finland, and Sweden as examples of countries which belong to different risk classes with different approaches to the optimal national defense.
School of migrant children, an ethnography in an unregistered migrant school in Beijing
Exploring human rights conceptualisations in the United States : a study into knowledge and attitudes of participants connected to a social justice NGO
Toward an effective critique of american education
Education towards self-reliance and national development in a developing country : a study of the constraining factors towards the realization of self-reliance and national development through the Nigerian educational system
Training the working spaniel
With Brains, Hands and Heart : 20 Years of Physiotherapy Education in English in SAMK
Art therapy: a handbook
Case study on "School development in practice"
Case study on "Teaching through mass media for the acquisition of basic language skills with the participation of pre-school children, handicapped children and parents", (Modena, Italy) September 1985
Becoming designers : education & influence
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Developing personnel’s internationalization competences through staff mobility : Case Hyria
Fulbright Center news
Recruiting Vietnamese students to Kymenlaakso University of Applied Science
"Open the doors!" : Migrants in Higher Education : Fostering Cooperation at Universities Seminar 13.-14.12.2016 in Jyväskylä
H is for hawk
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Support policies for business start-ups and the role of training : national reports from France, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom and synthesis report
Towards an understanding of the caring phenomenon - why is it so topical? : a search for its role and its attributes in holistic education
Log construction training in the Nordic and Baltic countries : PROLOG final report
Primary education in Finland
Permanent education : the basis and essentials
Comment on education returns of wage earners and self-employed workers
The Handbook of Research on E-Portfolios is the single source for comprehensive coverage of the major themes of e-portfolios, addressing all of the major issues, from concept to technology to implementation. It is the first reference publication to provide a complete investigation on a variety of e-portfolio uses through case studies and supporting technologies, and also explains the conceptual thinking behind current uses and potential uses not yet implemented. Over 70 international experts with countless years of experience lend this handbook the credibility that assures its readers of its extensive, recent, and reliable content. The Handbook of Research on E-Portfolios is the first handbook to investigate commercial and academic e-portfolio systems-home-grown, off the shelf, and open source-and to supply proof-of-concept evidence of successful systems.
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Feminist popular education has developed over the past few decades as an important form of social activism - in dialogue with major strands of feminist practice and theory. Drawing on and critiquing the tradition of community education and political work associated with Paulo Freire, as well as the fields of adult education and feminist pedagogy, its concerns are the education methodologies and learning strategies that lead to women's empowerment. This book is a collection of critical reflections on feminist adult education work in grassroots organizations, development projects, formal institutions and community education programmes in South Africa, India, Canada, the United States, Malaysia, Australia and the Philippines. The contributors come from a variety of positions in the range of feminist discourses and enliven their focus on methodology with engaging shifts between personal narrative, experiential analysis, theoretical contextualisation and evocative description. Their willingness to be self-critical and to experiment with new applications of concepts and practices make this book a valuable addition to an increasingly important field.
Symposium on Innovation on Primary Education in Western Europe : Han, Belgium, 17-21 October 1983
Case study on spontaneous and individual learning in free choice periods (Montessori) in the primary school of Volksschule Liefering II, Salzburg (Austria)
Teachers Experiences Of Early Intervention In Vocational Education
An opportunity to Tanzanian veterinarians
Future of dairy education : [papers and posters presented at a seminar held at the Dalum Technical College, the Dairy Training Centre of Denmark, 18-19 September 1998]
Modern trends in education
The International Journal of Education for Diversities
Degree and graduate education in China
NordYrk : Nordic journal of vocational education and training
Changing places? : flexibility, lifelong learning, and a learning society
Becoming a translator : an introduction to the theory and practice of translation
Drill rig technical training curriculum
Transformative coaching : a learning theory for practice
Education at a glance 2009 : OECD indicators
Education at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Your Move : a New Approach to the Study of Movement and Dance : Teacher's Guide
Making the most of fieldwork education : a  practical approach
School leadership challenges in the implementation of technical and vocational education curriculum in Ghana
The current state and challenges of vocational education and training in Finland
Hip ideas for hyper dogs
The quality of education. Part 2, The quality of education in CERI activities : the present crisis of education
Proceedings of globalization and MET : 7th annual general assembly and conference AGA-7 October 16-18, 2006
Rethinking engineering education : the CDIO approach
Towards Active and Working Life Orientated Learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Principles of education
Individuals at the heart of educational change : local level administrators' views on the development of the organization of language education through top-down projects, bottom-up reorganization, and cooperation and communication
Mindfulness and learning : celebrating the affective dimension of education
The objective of this article is to consider e-mentoring models applicable for SME staff development. The article examines a study conducted collaboratively between a university of applied sciences and entrepreneurial organisation, ascertaining organisation members' interest in e-mentoring for professional development. In this Finnish case, entrepreneurs' skill deficits and e-mentoring's possibilities as a learning support are identified, and the practicality and meaningfulness of different e-mentoring forms examined. The results indicate e-mentoring is expected to facilitate support from experienced entrepreneurs in practical professional development. Peer mentoring online was slightly preferred over one-on-one expert e-mentoring.
Symposium on "The Implementation of Innovation in Primary Education at the Local Level" : Hässelby slott, Stockholm (Sweden), 27-30 April 1987
To draft or not to draft : an alternative view
35th ADEE Meeting 26-29 August 2009, Helsinki, Finland : programme & abstract book
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Export of Education : Case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
Increasing the ability to sell by training the sales persons
Puppy perfect : the usefriendly guide to puppy parenting
China's achievements in education (1949-1994)
Perspectives of physiotherapists' continuing education involvement and resultant development proposals
An evaluation study of the meaning and effectiveness of university-level labor market oriented training : a Finnish case study
Research on Foreign Study Intentions of Lu'an Natives
Handbook on globalization and higher education
On the political economy of social security and public education
Having fun with agility
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Selected Readings in Chinese Legal System
Research skills for management studies
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
Social'nye i èkonomičeskie prioritety avtorizovannoj školy : akademičeskaâ lekciâ na russkom i anglijskom âzykah = The social and economic priorities of the authorized school : an academic lecture in Russian and in English
Patient simulation on first year nursing degree students
Education at a glance 2012 : OECD indicators
Service science, management and engineering : education for the 21st century
Interpersonal process in psychotherapy : a guide for clinical training
Understanding sports coaching : the social, cultural and pedagogical foundations of coaching
Foreign experiences of student teachers in dynamic identity construction  promoting multicultural education
Education at a glance 2014 : OECD indicators
Enhancing generic competencies in vocational education and training for a knowledge-based economy : is China on the road yet?
Gender inclusive engineering education
Higher education - impact on students
Community care : developing and international degree programme for nurse education
Customer satisfaction research: : Two English taught programs at Sedu
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
National course NC1 on "Primary science development project - the way ahead" : Middleton Hall Conference Centre, Gorebridge, Scotland, 29. April-3. May 1985
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Revision of the core curriculum for first level education programmes in radiotherapy technology
European animation training network : working group meeting : Gardiff, 21 May 1994 : minutes
The body latent
Designing pedagogical models for tourism education : focus on work-based mobile learning
Connecting learning across the institution : new directions for higher education, number 165
Helping to create an entrepreneurial culture : a guide on good practices in promoting entrepreneurial attitudes and skills through education
Finland in figures 2016.
Education at a glance 2010 : OECD indicators
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Future challenges for education and learning outcomes
To draft or not to draft : efficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
Marketing Analysis for New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc.
Making friends : training your dog positively
Academic and educational development : research, evaluation and changing practice in higher education
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Education in the UK : facts & figures
Returns to education : an international comparison
Developing a pedagogical model for decentralized tourism education
Transforming agricultural education for a changing world
The role of schooling in society
Expectations at secondary level and trends in primary education in Europe
Mobile phone customization work development and improvement
Systemic approach to learning paradigms and  the use of social media in higher education
Changes in Finnish nursing students' learning approaches between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s
United Nations Educational, scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) : creating norms for a complex world
Erasmus & Lingua Action II 1994/95
Adult education of educational institutions
The overall aim of the Egyptian Twinning project described here was to strengthen the institutional and technical capacity of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Education (NAQAAE) in line with the relevant European best practices. The soul of Twinning is, however, about cooperation between people. Accordingly, the project stood for strengthening partner- ship between experts and institutions in Egypt, Finland and Germany. It was not about replicating European systems but rather seeking the best practices of all and for all. Solving complex challenges always raises possibilities for everyone to learn more: about the content itself through theories and their manifold applications for diverse practices, but also about organisations and cultures besides international cooperation, collegiality, friendship and ourselves as persons and experts in a multidimensional global world. In the texts here, the authors tell about their experiences of all of these.
Education and the state. Vol. 1, Schooling and the national interest
Education in Finland. 1994 : Education, statistics & indicators
Scottish education in the twentieth century
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Conference proceedings : 1st European Networking Conference on Entrepreneurship Education January 29-30, Horsens Denmark
The quality of education. Part 1, The quality of education in CERI activities : a tentative summary
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
Blooming young entrepreneurial and managerial talents in a cross-cultural educational context : TUAS - IB Degree Programme case study
Teoriâ i metody avtorizovannogo obrazovaniâ : akademičeskaâ lekciâ na russkom i anglijskom âzykah = The theory and methods of the authorized education : an academic lecture in Russian and in English
Central Balticum entrepreneurship interaction : analysis of entrepreneurship educators' training needs and practices
Primary education in Greece
Education at a glance 2008 : OECD indicators
Language teaching tomorrow : the journal of higher education language teaching and learning
Educational structure of population
Problem-based learning experiences and research in nursing education
The education system in England and Wales
Girls and women in education : a cross-national study of sex inequalities in upbringing and in schools and colleges
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Symposium on Management of Innovation in Primary Education : Noordwijk, Netherlands, 8-12 October 1984
Education for planning : city, state and regional
Event Planning
A considerable number of journal publications using a range of qualitative synthesis approaches has been published. Mary Dixon-Woods and colleagues (Mary Dixon-Woods, Booth, & Sutton, 2007) identified 42 qualitative evidence synthesis papers published in health care literature between 1990 and 2004. An ongoing update by Hannes and Macaitis (2010)identified around 100 additional qualitative or mixed methods syntheses. Yet these generally lack a clear, detailed description of what was done and why (Greenhalgh et al, 2007; McInnes & Wimpenny, 2008) . Choices are most commonly influenced by what others have successfully used in the past or by a particular school of thought (Atkins et al, 2008; Britten et al, 2002). This is a substantive limitation.  This book  brings balance to the options available to researchers, including approaches that have not had a substantial uptake among researchers. It provides arguments for when and why researchers or other parties of interest should opt for a certain approach to synthesis, which challenges they might face in adopting it and what the potential strengths and weaknesses are compared with other approaches.  This book acts as a resource for readers who would otherwise have to piece together the methodology from a range of journal articles. In addition, it should stimulate further development and documentation of synthesis methodology in a field that is characterized by diversity.
The Routledge international companion to multicultural education
The Relevance of cross-cultural leadership training : a case study of a Finnish training program for Chinese school principals
Applying E-learning at a Company for Training Staff : Vinpearl one member limited company
Creative entrepreneurs' perceptions about entrepreneurial education : Creative Entrepreneurship Training Network -project
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of Global Organization's Internal Training from Customer Point of View : Case: KONE Oyj Global Spares Supply
This volume is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive international description and analysis of multicultural education around the world.
New challenges for European human resource management
The use of diversity training in an organization : an insight into four situations
European directory of training centres in heritage skills and crafts
European curriculum reflections on library and information science education
The design of educational exhibits
Education in Zambia ; Teacher training in Zambia
This publication describes the project implemented in Egypt and funded through EU Twinning funding which developed the operations of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Egypt (NAQAAE). Implemented in 2013−2015, the project was the first Twinning project in the education sector in Finland, and it was coordinated by the Teacher Education College of JAMK University of Applied Sciences. The authors include experts from Finland, Germany and Egypt who worked in the project. In the articles, the authors describe from various viewpoints their experiences with the implementation of the project; content development work; challenges in project management; and the everyday incidents and fascination of international project cooperation.
eCompetence for social work
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
Click & easy : clicker training for dogs
School of classical dance
The history of Finnish vocational education and training
Education in the USSR
Primary education in Malta : report
Case study on "Assistance to isolated schools in mountain regions in France" : the EMALA (Equipe mobile académique de liaison et d'animation): Mobile Academic Liaison and Teaching Team
Case study on "Modified timetable arrangements in french-speaking Belgium" : part-time teaching : 5th and 6th years in the Athénée Royal Primary School, Châtelet
The use of social media to improve social work education in remote areas
Suggestion of the State Council on the implementation of the outline for reform and development of education in China
Survey of Higher Education Degree Programmes Related to Energy Technology Concerning Year 2010
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Searching for e-mentoring practices for SME staff development
Gender in popular education : methods for empowerment
'Finnishing' school
Enhancing excellence of education in Egypt : experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Action research : principles and practice
Training behaviour therapists : methods, evaluation and implementation with parents, nurses and teachers
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
The acquisition of professional expertise : a challenge for educational research
FLOURISHING SERVICE AND QUALITY IN TOURISM EDUCATION. Case study: Central Ostrobothnia University of Applied Sciences
Contemporary Chinese education
Graduate employment : career expectations of University of Jyväskylä students in languages
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in higher education
Age of indicators : changes in the Finnish education policy agenda
Global training : how to design a program for the multinational corporation
Meeting the challenge : social work education and the community care revolution
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Case study on "Relations between school establishment and relations between the school and its social environment - ZEP (zone d'education prioritaire - priority education area) at Grigny La Grande-Borne (France)"
Developing IATA training in Finland
Education intelligence : networking makes the knowledge society strong : final report 2006
Creating professional learning community : a case study in one Finnish school
Transition from compulsory to post-compulsory education in England : Three comparative perspectives
Audit of the quality assurance system of Seinäjoki Polytechnic
Case study on "Parent-school relationship at the primary level of the basic school in Norway"
Education matters : selected essays by Alan B. Krueger
