http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8403 entertainment programmes
entertainment programmes
Teaching about television
Legitimating television : media convergence and cultural status
House and philosophy : everybody lies
The great radio soap operas
TV Transformations : revealing the makeover show
Big Brother : reality TV in the twenty-first century
Abbott and Costello : the Christmas show
The soap opera
Reality television
The Radio years. volume 2
On the buses : the complete story
Monty Python : almost the truth : the lawyer's cut
Rock'n'roll forever
Reading Desperate housewives : beyond the white picket fence
Desperate housewives : behind closed doors
Sherlock and transmedia fandom : essays on the BBC series
The Rosemary Clooney show : Girl singer - songs from the classic television series
Taking soaps seriously : the world of Guiding Light
Kielipuoli potilas : Dumb show
Top gear : back in the fast lane : tuotantokausien 1 & 2 parhaat palat
The Top Gear years
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
The Mamas & the Papas & other '60s greats
Queer TV : theories, histories, politics
Lennon & McCartney songbook
The television genre book
Watching soap opera : a case study of how Ghanians interpret The Bold and the Beautiful
Saturday night : a backstage history of Saturday night live. Doug Hill & Jeff Weingrand
Feminism, media, and the law
Motown gold on the Ed Sullivan show
Manifestations of banter in the English tv-series "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet"
Sugar and spice
Why the French love Jerry Lewis : from cabaret to early cinema
The Dynasty years : Hollywood television and critical media studies
Legends of soul : R&B greats
Worlds without end : the art and history of the soap opera
Chart toppers '65/'66/'67
Textual poachers : television fans and participatory culture
Top gear revved up : thrashing, crashing and trashing
Comedy as a vehicle of subversion : Smack the pony's feminist discourse
Elvis Presley & other rock greats
Elvis Presley & other Rock Greats
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
Reality TV : the work of being watched
Shoot out
Reality TV : an insider's guide to TV's hottest market
L. A. Candy
The radio years. volume 1
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
The four complete historic Ed Sullivan shows : featuring The Beatles and other artists ..
CSI
Monty Python's Flying Circus
Media entertainment : the psychology of its appeal
At last the 1948 show
The four complete historic Ed Sullivan shows : featuring the Beatles and other artists..
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Staging the real : factual TV programming in the age of Big brother
Television and TV viewing are not what they once were--and that's a good thing, according to award-winning author and critic Clive James. Since serving as television columnist for the London Observer from 1972 to 1982, James has witnessed a radical change in content, format, and programming, and in the very manner in which TV is watched. Here he examines this unique cultural revolution, providing a brilliant, eminently entertaining analysis of many of the medium's most notable twenty-first-century accomplishments and their not always subtle impact on modern society--including such acclaimed serial dramas as Breaking Bad, The West Wing, Mad Men, and The Sopranos, as well as the comedy 30 Rock. With intelligence and wit, James explores a television landscape expanded by cable and broadband and profoundly altered by the advent of Netflix, Amazon, and other "cord-cutting" platforms that have helped to usher in a golden age of unabashed binge-watching.
Chart Toppers '65/'66/'67
Lennon & McCartney songbook ; Move to the music
The first 280 years of Monty Python
The presentation of women in the USA and Finland in different light entertainment television genres
The Nat King Cole collection. Volume 1
The Goon show. Volume 29 : We're In The Wrong House Again : Four orginal BBC Radio episodes
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
The soul of the Motor City
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
West coast rock
Gone too soon ; Groovy sounds
Top gear story
Play all : a bingewatcher's notebook
News as entertainment : the rise of global infotainment
West Coast rock ; Sounds of the cities
Growing pains : theme from "Growing pains" and other hit T.V. themes
Legitimating Television: Media Convergence and Cultural Status explores how and why television is gaining a new level of cultural respectability in the 21st century. Once looked down upon as a plug-in drug offering little redeeming social or artistic value, television is now said to be in a creative renaissance, with critics hailing the rise of Quality series such as Mad Men and 30 Rock. Likewise, DVDs and DVRs, web video, HDTV, and mobile devices have shifted the longstanding conception of television as a household appliance toward a new understanding of TV as a sophisticated, high-tech gadget. Newman and Levine argue that television's growing prestige emerges alongside the convergence of media at technological, industrial, and experiential levels. Television is permitted to rise in respectability once it is connected to more highly valued media and audiences. Legitimation works by denigrating ordinary television associated with the past, distancing the television of the present from the feminized and mass audiences assumed to be inherent to the old TV. It is no coincidence that the most validated programming and technologies of the convergence era are associated with a more privileged viewership. The legitimation of television articulates the medium with the masculine over the feminine, the elite over the mass, reinforcing cultural hierarchies that have long perpetuated inequalities of gender and class. Legitimating Television urges readers to move beyond the question of taste-whether TV is good or bad -and to focus instead on the cultural, political, and economic issues at stake in television's transformation in the digital age.
Noriko show. Jaksot 1-10
Monty Python's Flying Circus : the very best of the TV series
Motown Gold on the Ed Sullivan show
Writing television sitcoms
"The critically-acclaimed BBC television series Sherlock (2010 - ) re-envisions Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's detective for the digital age, joining participants in the active traditions of Sherlockians/Holmesians and fans from other communities, including science fiction, media, and anime fandom. This collection explores the cultural intersections and fan traditions that converge in Sherlock and its fandoms"--Provided by publisher.
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
The new television handbook
