http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8400 glass art
glass art
Elegant Japanese Studio Glass
Lyricism of modern design : Swedish glass 1900-1970
Honeymoon package
Finnish post-war glass: [1945-1996] : Produced for the exhibition F̕innish Post War Glass - [1945-1966] ̕which forms part of T̕he year of Visual Arts 1996 ̕Exhibited at the Reg Vardy Gallery June 22 - August 30 1996
Gunnel Nyman : Lasitutkimuksia IV (1987) : Suomen lasimuseon tutkimusjulkaisu : Glassresearch IV (1987) : the bulletin of the Finnish Glass Museum / Suomen lasimuseo
Yoichi Ohira : A phenomenon in glass
Glass throughout time : : history and technique of glassmaking from the ancient world to the present
The encyclopedia of glass
Making stained glass panels
Reverse paintings on glass : the Ryser Collection
GLASS FROM ANTIGUITY TO THE RENAISSANCE
Basic glass fusing : all the skills and tools you need to get started
The Cameo glass of Thomas and George Woodall
Tiffany glass
Frank Lloyd Wright's glass design
Kokoelma = Collection. 1993.
Australian birds in stained glass
Modern Japanese glass : early Meiji to present
Gameo Glass : masterpieces from 2000 years of glassmaking
Murano : behind the glass
Audubon birds : stained glass pattern book
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Native American Designs : stained glass pattern book
Chihuly : gardens & glass
Decorative art and modern interiors. 1974/75 vol. 64
I colori di Murano nell'800 = The colours of Murano in the XIX century
Murano : glass from the J. Paul Getty Museum
Glass art nouveau and art deco
Studies in early Egyptian glass
Tiffany glass : a passion for colour
Glass of the Avant-Garde : from Vienna Secession to Bauhaus : de la Secesión Vienesa a la Bauhaus = Cristal de vanguardia
Clara and Mr. Tiffany : a novel
Introduction of art nouveau style
Carved and decorated European art glass
Glass and crystal in Wallonia : a journey of discovery
New glass review
The history of glass
Glassmith Studios Corporation
Traditional glassworking techniques
415 original designs for stained glass
Kosta Boda : the artist collection. 2000
A Guide to Sandwich glass : cut ware, a general assortment and bottles
Crafting a legacy : contemporary American crafts in the Philadelphia Museum of Art
Inspirations in kiln-formed glass : 25 projects for fusing and slumping
Glass of the Caesars
Glass review
Tiffin Glass 1940-1980 : figurals, paperweights, pressed ware
The art of glass : illustrated from the Wilfred Buckley collection in the Victoria and Albert Museum, London
Chihuly in the light of Jerusalem 2000
The story of glass
Techniques of Kiln-formed glass
Art glass today
The perfect gift : 26 colorful projects to make for special friends
Glass paperweights in the Art Institute of Chicago
Kiln firing glass : glass fusing book one
Venetian Glass : from modern to contemporary = Il vetro a Venezia = dal moderno al contemporaneo
Glass painting
Art glass from Murano 1910-1970 = Glas-Kunst aus Murano 1910-1970
[Kokoelma = Collection]. 2001
Spanish glass in the hermitage = Ispanskoe steklo v sobranii Èrmitaža
Kokoelma = Collection. 1992.
Spanish glass in the hermitage
Cam sanati ve geleneksel Türk camciligindan örnekler = The art of glass and traditional Turkish glassware
Unika glas fra Finland = Unique glass from Finland
The Potter's dictionary of materials and techniques
Stained and decorative class
Venetian glass of the 1890s : Salviati at Stanford University
Chihuly baskets
Coburger Glaspreis für zeitgenösschische Glaskunst  2006 = Coburg glass prize for contemporary glass in Europe 2006
Sklo a prostor = Glass and space
Murano glass : themes and variations = Thema und Variationen (1910-1970)
Stained glass : Inspirations and Designs
Ancient glass collection : Türkiye Sise ve Cam Fabrikalari
Art deco glass : Depression Era
Masters : blown glass : major works by leading artists
Stained glass clock gallery
Since the late thirteenth century, the glass of Murano, manufactured by master artisans on the Venetian archipelago of that name, has been collected voraciously by connoisseurs, royalty and museums worldwide. Murano's glassmakers invented and defined so many of the craft's best-known effects - crystalline, enameled, gold-threaded, multicolored and milk glass - that it is impossible to conceive of it without their labors." "Today's Murano craftsmen still use these ancient techniques, and in this photographic study, photographer Henry Thoreau takes us behind the scenes to offer a peek at their studios, factories and showrooms. Happily, his images are not at all of the gift shop brochure stripe, for they document not only the racks and trays of exquisite glassware, the workshops, furnaces, etc., but also their more lived-in recesses, giving the reader a palpable whiff of a working atmosphere. Thoreau's eye is matter-of-fact, characterized by a strong perspectival detachment and an unwillingness to overplay the obvious appeal of these intriguing studios, which speak for themselves of the wonders that are wrought there / WorldCat.
Modern Lithuanian stained glass
How to work in stained glass
Sotheby's concise encyclopedia of glass
William Morris : Animal/Artifact
Zugriff : Glaskünstlerinnen heute = Spirited approach : women glass artists today
Mosaic art and style : design for living environmets
Antique glass and glass collecting
Arts in the age of Sinan
Kokoelma = Collection. 1994.
The Glass circle
The art of René Lalique
Contemporary art glass
Sculpture and design with recycled glass
Frank Lloyd Wright glass
Chihuly at the V & A
40 great stained glass projects
Floral stained glass lampshades : 46 full-size patterns
Glass patterns in color 2
Kosta Boda collection 1998
Chihuly's pendletons : and their influence on his work
Warm glass : kiln-fired glass forming techniques
Patterns for stained and etched glass 3.
Italian glass : century 20
Nuutajärvi Pro Arte Collection 1995 : uusi kokoelma = ny kollektion = new collection
Crackle Glass in color : depression to '70s
Nanny Still : 45 years of design = 45 ans de design
The technique of stained glass
The Pendland book of glass : master classes in flamework techniques
Glass animals : 3,500 years of artistry and design
Glass in Czechoslovakia
Journal of glass studies
Glass : twentieth-century design
Iittala Milanon triennaaleissa : näyttely Iittalan lasimuseossa 10.4.1987-31.12.1987 : näyttely Arabian museossa 20.3.1992-3.5.1992 = Iittala in the Triennales of Milan
The Corning museum of glass : a decade of glass collecting 1990-1999
Glass art : reflecting the centuries : masterpieces from the glasmuseum Hentrich in museum kunst palast, Düsseldorf
Venezia! : [art of the 18th century]
Glass : art nouveau and art deco
The painted glass of York : an account of the medieval glass of the minster and parish churches
Peter Layton & friends : celebrating London glassblowing
World art glass quarterly
Il vetro progettato : architetti e designer a confronto con il vetro quotidiano : architects, designers and "every day" glass work = Designer glass
Nordic glass 2000 : glass without boundaries
Miller's Art Glass : how to compare and value
The Contemporary Decorative Arts from 1940 to the present day
1800-talsglas = 19th century glass
Making Tiffany lamps : how to create museum-quality authentic reproductions
Stained glass windows of vision. 4, Collection four
The English archive of design and decoration : with over 600 designs, patterns and settings in colour and black-and-white
Quick success stained glass : a beginner's instruction guide
Venetian art glass : an American collection, 1840-1970
Skål ! : sirpaleita keskiajalta = Skål ! : glasskärvor från medeltiden = Cheers! : fragments from the middle ages : Aboa Vetus & Ars Nova, [11.5. - 5.9.1999] / tekstit = texter = texts: Georg Haggrén, Ain Mäesalu
The book of bottle collecting
Architectural glass art : form and technique in contempora ry glass
Nuutajärvi : 200 vuotta suomalaista lasia = 200 years of Finnish glass
Glass source book
Great new ways to paint on glass
The Reproduction of the Octogonal Passglas found at the Danish Glasshouses from about 1600
Kokoelma = Collection. 1995.
Pottery & glass
