http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8415 human relations work
human relations work
Did you ever have a family
Explaining workplace bullying : a review of enabling, motivating and triggering factors in the work environment
Never eat alone : and other secrets to success, one relationship at a time
The girl in the yellow vest
Clare in the community : series four
The contented mother's guide : essential advice to help you be a happy, calm and confident mother
The skilled helper : a problem-management and opportunity-development approach to helping
Let's meet on platform 8
Coordination through social networks
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Impossible to please : how to deal with perfectionist coworkers, controlling spouses and other incredibly critical people
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Cooperation and helping behavior : theories and research
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Human rights is more than human rights : a primer for churches on security and cooperation in Europe
Punch up! Volume 1
The intentional relationship : occupational therapy and use of self
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Scripts and communication for relationships
Introducing network analysis in social work
Essential communication skills for nursing and midwifery
Interactive behaviour at work
The joy of work : Dilbert's guide to finding happiness at the expense of your co-workers
This is where I leave you
Sugar and spice
Polish your people skills
Help for the helper : the psychophysiology of compassion fatigue and vicarious trauma
Johnny Hiro : half Asian, all hero
Relationship-based research in social work : understanding practice-near research
Communication in Nursing
Interpersonal skills at work
Human relations in education
Punch up!. Volume 4
Work, family and well-being : in five North- and East-European capitals
The emotionally intelligent social worker
The skilled helper : a problem-management approach to helping
Occupational psychology
The forced redundancy film club
Managing relationships : making a life while making a living
Group processes : an introduction to group dynamics
Communication and interpersonal skills in social work
Working with the enemy : how to survive and thrive with really difficult people
No place for a woman
Work with me
Fair play at work
The week I ruined my life
Workplace bullying : a study on the work environment, well-being and health
Relationship-based research is founded on the idea that human relationships are of paramount importance and should be central to social work research and practice. Drawing on psychodynamic and systemic understandings of research and practice, this book offers practitioners and academics an insight into what constitutes relationship-based approaches to research. These ideas are brought to life by illustrative case studies of research projects carried out in England and Finland, where the concept originated. The authors clearly demonstrate how this approach can be applied across the social work sector and provide a model for practice.
The compassion fatigue workbook : creative tools for transforming compassion fatigue and vicarious traumatization
Joy
The visiting angel
People skills for project managers
Punch up! Volume 2
Interpersonal skills in organizations
Communication skills for nursing practice
Relationships between individuals and their organisation in knowledge intensive firms : what do we know?
Masters of sex. Season 3.
A good girl comes undone
Feeling hurt in close relationships
30 rock. Season 4.
Leadership and nursing
How to win friends and influence people
Me before you
The world was all before them
The cruelest month
School climate : measuring, improving and sustaining healthy learning environments
Punch up! Volume 3
Johnny Hiro : the skills to pay the bills
Applied social network analysis : a set of tools for social services research and practice
The best of all possible worlds : a novel
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
Men at work
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
Working in social work : growing and thriving in human services practice
Communication and interpersonal skills for nurses
Caring for people with challenging behaviors : essential skills and successful strategies in long-term care
Youth work ethics
You don't have to do it alone : how to involve others to get things done
Mars and Venus in the workplace : a practical guide for improving communication and getting results at work
Encounters in social work : recipes for interaction
The true love quilting club
