http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8418 opinions
opinions
Need, citizenship or merit : public opinion or pension policy in Australia, Finland and Poland
A people born to slavery : Russia in early modern European ethnography, 1476-1748
Age of propaganda : the everyday use and abuse of persuasion
Apologia pro vita sua : Being a history of his religious opinions
"Usually I like school PE, but..." : school physical education described in Internet discussion forums
The lived experiences of environmental activists in Finland : a phenomenological study
Europe as seen by Europeans : ten years of European polling - 1973-1983
The gospel according to Coco Chanel  : life lessons from the world's most elegant woman
Interests, institutions and the welfare state : studies on public opinion towards the welfare state
This thesis aimed to find the opinion on CSR from people living in Finland  and India. Purpose and object of thesis was to support companies who are  interested to keep good relationship with public (Indian and Finnish) and also  to support students and academic researchers who want to know the current  trends of public opinion on CSR.  The meaning of CSR was determined by looking at the literature on CSR and  the role of different international institutions on CSR. The strategy, designing  and planning of empirical research was prepared. Research quality was  maintained by employing quantitative and qualitative research methods.  Research questions were compiled covering the whole field of CSR under  twelve groups for Part A and one open question for Part B in the  questionnaire.  Part A was covered by quantitative and Part B was covered by the qualitative  research method. The data collection frames, as well as methods followed in  survey interviews and how data collection was carried out, have been  explained. Data analysis was carried out using graphical analysis for  quantitative research and content analysis for qualitative research. The  credibility of empirical results was achieved and trust was gained by  conducting graphical and content analysis.  The empirical conclusion disclosed that people had different views on CSR in  Finland and India. Discussion about the topic was ended with the terms of  'sustainable-enterprise' and 'human social security'. Interesting future  research topics were considered to include the topics of how different  enterprises value the CSR and how it is matches with people's mind-set.  The result of this thesis extended the amount of voluntary and valuable  information to all kinds of enterprises to build up their good corporate  citizenship in the society. The results of this thesis also support  non-commercial sectors to find out whether CSR ideas and principles have  reached in a right way to the mind of the public or not and whether there is  need to any improvement or development in CSR ideas and principles.
Study of the efficiency of health stations 1992. Part 2, Consumer experiences and assessments concerning primary care services in the City of Helsinki
What do Europeans think about the environment? : the main results of the survey carried out in the context of Eurobarometer 51.1
The Chomsky effect : a radical works beyond the ivory tower
Linguistic devices in the discourse on embryonic stem cell research
The effect of the participation in a group task on person perception
The works of Thomas De Quincey. Vol 3, Articles and translations from the London Magazine, Blackwood's Magazine and others, 1821-1824
Essays in the public philosophy
The German war : a nation under arms 1939-45
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Abstract.
My view of my children's home
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Opinions of Europeans following the European year of safety, hygiene and health protection at work
Social attitudes in a developmental perspective
I am America (and so can you!)
Children and society : children's attitudes to politics and power
Submission papers on the Commission document "The nuclear industries in the European Union" : information document to accompany the illustrative nuclear programme (PINC)
Citizens, elites and the welfare state : opinions on pension policy in Finland
The informed argument : a multidisciplinary reader and guide
Listening to children in education
Introduction to opinion and attitude measurement
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Recreation experience preferences and activity profiles in a Crown Forest landscape in Ontario, Canada
Policy programmes and instruments of nature conservation : focusing on the private forest owners view
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Change in the structure of personality ratings according to the relevance of objects
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Anything but silent
Chain reaction : expert debate and public participation in American commercial nuclear power, 1945-1975
Persuadable : how great leaders change their minds to change the world
Mode of communication and first impressions of personality
The Old World's new world
Abstract: Customer Satisfaction Survey to Zeppelin Shopping Centre.
Community divided : adaptation and aversion towards the spent nuclear fuel repository in Eurajoki and its neighbouring municipalities
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
Symbolic leaders : public dramas and public men
The opinions of the decision-makers concerning general practice and general pracitioners in nine European countries
Growing up in multi-faith Britain : explorations in youth, ethnicity and religion
Policy programmes and instruments of nature conservation : focusing on the private forest owners' view
Large housing estates in Warsaw, Poland : opinions of residents on recent developments
Public knowledge, perception, and attitudes towards biofuel energy technologies in Lagos, Nigeria
Market orientations and meditation of public opinions in Finnish biotechnology
Open licensing of creative work in an online environment
The anti-Chomsky reader
I fill this small space : the writings of a deaf activist
Michelle Obama in her own words
Perceived peace-mindedness of the superpowers : images of the USA and the USSR
Russia in the German global imaginary : imperial visions & utopian desires, 1905-1941
The perception of climate changes by population (FVG-Slovenia area) : ClimChAlp Project
The first year of the new European Union : report on standard Eurobarometer 42
Sex-role opinions as conceptual schemata in 3-12 year old Swedish children
The public image of the alternative and complementary medicine
Public opinion
"Chinese are welcome, but : ..'student teachers' attitudes toward chinese immigration influx in New  Zealand
Attitude psychology and the study of public opinion
The politics of interest mediation : the case of universalistic social policy in Finland
The school I'd like : children and young people's reflections on an education for the future
Characteristics and use patterns of visitors to dispersed areas of Urban National Forests
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
How people view democracy
Tourist Perceptions and Motivations as Inspiration for Destination Marketing
Proudly we can be Africans : Black Americans and Africa, 1935-1961
National park designation : visitor flows and tourism impact
Children in outdoor contexts : affordances and independent mobility in the assessment of environmental child friendliness
How much popular support is there for the EU?
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 2
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Time for action : changing the gender situation in forestry
Importance of cultural training at Hewlett-Packard, European customer care center
Trade Union member's opinions from Finland
Political disaffection in Cuba's revolution and exodus
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Change in structure of personality rating according to the relevance of objects
A time to speak out : Independent Jewish Voices on Israel, Zionism and Jewish identity
The effect of the channel of information on the observer structure of personality ratings
Arts and culture in Helsinki
"In Persuadable, you'll learn how Ray Dalio became the most successful hedge fund manager in the world by strategically curbing confidence. How Alan Mullaly saved Ford Motor Company, not by staying the course, but by continually changing course. How one Nobel Prize-winning scientist discovered the cause of ulcers by bravely doubting his own entrenched beliefs. You'll learn how Billy Graham's change of heart helped propel the civil rights movement, and how a young NFL linebacker's radical new position may prove to alter the world of professional football as we know it. Offers the seven practices of persuadable leaders. "
The background of this research is the public perception of complementary and alternative therapies. There is an abundance of procedures and techniques that focus on the restoration and maintenance of one's health and wellbeing. This phenomenon has led to the production of a lot of information that must be evaluated by the general public. The main purpose of the research was to answer the following questions: 1) Where do people find out about complementary and alternative therapies? 2) What is their motivation to know more? 3) What is the level of interest and reaction to these therapies? The theoretical framework was based on literature covering an analysis of complementary and alternative therapies, the history of medicine and an analysis of information sources regarding these therapies, as well as medical and scientific public databases. The report was conducted through my own reading and research on the internet regarding complementary and alternative medicine. The main method used was quantitative research involving a questionnaire in; this was to ascertain the public perception of and level of interest in this field. The findings show that public perception towards alternative and complementary medicine is generally positive and there that is a growing interest in this field, due to both health reasons and the search for spiritual fulfilment. However, the public is for the most part poorly informed, as the sources of information often bring up for many questions of validity and reliability. Furthermore, public perception may suffer due to the fact that these therapies are often marketed as common healthcare products or services, through which they can lose some of their authenticity. The report helps the reader understand the overall position of complementary and alternative therapies in the broader context of contemporary medicine, as well as how this specific information is conveyed to the public.
Prejudice : its social psychology
Exploring distributional determinants of willingness-to-pay for large carnivore populations in Sweden
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
The rational legitimacy of the welfare state : popular support for ten income transfer schemes in Finland
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by coastal habitats in Finland, Sweden, and Lithuania
What university students think about democracy, countries and their political leaders
Utilization and appropriateness of self-medication in Finland
The psychology of attitude change and social influence
Archaeology in the making : conversations through a discipline
Governance of life in Chinese moral experience : the quest for an adequate life
Influencing consumer opinions of forest issues : a study of the environmental movements in England and Germany
Public reactions to xenotransplantation
America again : re-becoming the greatness we never weren't
Normative stories of the formative moment : construction of Estonian national identity in Postimees during the EU accession process
On human attitudes : root metaphors in theoretical conceptions
Contemporary perspectives on the psychology of attitudes
The social psychological analysis of attitudes towards the European community
Consumer acceptance of genetically modified foods
The political opinions of Swedish social scientists
First impressions and person perception: the predictability of peer ratings from the behaviour of the "actors" in short encounters
The works of Thomas De Quincey. Vol 14, Articles from Blackwood's Edinburgh magazine, 1842-3
Students' attitudes and college environments
Spending preferences of public sector officials : survey evidence from the Finnish central government
Communications and public opinion : a Public Opinion Quarterly reader
The Finnish population and social welfare : information and results of a nationwide population survey of social welfare
The power of nature-based tourism : tensions between different understandings of nature at he peripheral tourist resort of Kilpisjärvi
Comparison of forest owner typologies based on latent class analysis and cluster analysis
The works of Thomas De Quincey. Vol 5, Articles from the Edinburgh Saturday Post, 1827-1828
Public opinion as local opinion
The works of Thomas De Quincey. Vol 11, Articles from Tait's magazine and Blackwood's magazine, 1838-41
Brainwashing in red China : the calculated destruction of men's minds
Channel of information and first impressions of personality
Points of convergence : selected papers of the 5th international Tartu Conference on North-American Studies
The German war : a nation under arms, 1939-45
Discourse and psychology. Vol. 2, Discourse and social psychology
The phenomenon of corporate social responsibility from public opinion (Finland & India)
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Supplier Satisfaction: the Concept and a Measurement System:a study to define the supplier satisfaction elements and usage as a management tool
Dissension and face-work strategies in German dialogues
Evaluation of library and information services
Public discussion on the protection and utilisation of peatland in Germany
In the wake of big decisions : Finnish EU opinion autumn 1998.
Opinions on social security and social services in Finland 2002
Worship reform : feedback on the service reform carried out in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland in the 1990s
We are all the same, but .. : Kenyan and Swedish school children's views on children's rights
Teacher's work in the Kemi-Tornio polytechnic
Explaining the desire for local bargaining : evidence from a Finnish survey of employers and employees
VHDL and FPLDs in digital systems design, prototyping and customization
The effect of instructions on writing an argumentative text : a study on upper secondary school students' written performance in English
Opinion mining and sentiment analysis
The significance of ecological thresholds in coastal areas : results of an international web survey
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Immigrants and hosts : perceptions, interactions, and transformations
The influence of self-perceived, subjective attributes on investment behavior
America through the eyes of China and India : television, identity and intercultural communication in a changing world
The social basis of the rational citizen : how political communication in social networks improves civic competence
Selected writings
Immigrants at the workplace in the health care sector : Tehy survey on multiculturalism
Interest towards sustainable tourism among entrepreneurs in the Kainuu region
Disagreement and skepticism
Forest management and climate change : stakeholder perceptions
Who is the foe of means-testing? : attitudes on means-testing in Finland
Public relations : strategies and tactics
Ideology and opinions : studies in rhetorical psychology
A factor analytical study of attitudes concerning old people
Only practice, no theory? : subject teacher students' conceptions of the pedagogical studies
Beyond studies : struggles and opportunities : perspectives on international student's settlement in Finland
Behind the mule : race and class in African-American politics
Online word-of-mouth : Influences on brand perceptions and choices
Visitor perceptions of the inscription on the world heritage list : the use of stated choice methods
Dying with an enlightening fall : Poland in the eyes of German intellectuals, 1764-1800
Catherine the Great and the British : a pot-pourri of essays
Waste and recycling attitudes and behavior of students in Turku
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 3, Talking about neighbourhoods : views from locals and artists
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Researching customer satisfaction and loyalty : how to find out what people really think
Referendum model of contingent valuation and the Finnish Natura 2000 nature conservation program : preliminary analysis
Attitudes and opinions
Oh Myyy! : there goes the internet
Broken image : foreign critiques of America
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Abstract (1 s.).
Persuasion : how opinions and attitudes are changed
Facial expressions as an interactional resource in everyday face-to-face conversation
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Toward critical patriotism : student resistance to political education in Hong Kong and China
The psychology of attitudes & attitude change
Political ideologies and attitudes towards income inequality in the US : a critical discourse analysis of CNN and Fox News opinion articles
England's disgrace? : J.S. Mill and the Irish question
Polls, politics and populism
Abstract: Public opinion as a social science concept.
User attitude towards traffic control in Shiretoko and Daisetsuzan National Parks in Japan
The GM debate : risk, politics and public engagement
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
