http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8417 serial books
serial books
Days of blood and starlight
The king's peace
The plague forge
City of fallen angels
The prize in the game
Fall of giants
The king's name
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Dana is Abby and Zander's daughter, but growing up in New York City in the late nineteen fifties is not always easy, especially when you would like your own room separate from your twin sister--and when your beloved father dies and you are forced to move things just get worse.
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
The long way home : the second generation
Drums of autumn
Best kept secret : the third generation
In 1930 Abby Nichols is an eight-year-old girl growing up in Maine, but as the Depression deepens, and her mother dies, the responsibility of taking care of her family falls to her, and she has to put her dreams of going to college and becoming a writer on hold.
When he was wicked
An international dictionary of adult and continuing education
Better to wish : the first generation
Written in my own heart's blood
And another thing ... : Douglas Adams's Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy part six of three
The Darwin elevator
To Sir Phillip, with love
The democratic genre : fan fiction in a literary context
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
Lady Midnight
A woman's guide to doctoral studies
On the way to the wedding
Stars of fortune
City of lost souls
Doing postgraduate research
Shadowhunters and downworlders : a Mortal Instruments reader
City of ashes
The Reaver
The talisman
Burned : a fever novel
The thousandth floor
City Of Lost Souls
Darkness has descended on the Shadowhunter world. Chaos and destruction overwhelm the Nephilim as Clary, Jace, Simon, and their friends band together to fight the greatest evil they have ever faced: Clary's own brother. Nothing in this world can defeat Sebastian - but if they journey to the realm of demons, they just might have a chance. Lives will be lost, love sacrificed, and the whole world will change. Who will survive the explosive sixth and final instalment of the 'Mortal Instruments' series?
In 1977 in Princeton, Dana's daughter, seven-year-old Francie, is struggling to keep her dyslexia a secret from her teachers and family, and even the thought of high school and college is part of the remote and unattainable future.
Properties of birch (Betula pendula, B. pubescens) for sawmilling and further processing in Finland
The hunger games
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the schlarly community
How to catch a bogle
Home is the palce : the four generation
We'll always have summer
Class : the secret diary of a teacher in turmoil
Hoa's intermediate English for vietnamese speakers = Hoc tiên anh, câp II
The long Utopia
Getting a PhD : an action plan to help manage your research, your supervisor and your project
Catching Fire
Class : first year at Downey House
The exodus towers
Cast in peril
The Hunger games
Dragonfly in amber
The duke and I
Helping doctoral students write : pedagogies for supervision
Night of the hunter
Seconds away
The Long Mars
The adversary
The name of the wind
The year of the flood
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Warriors of the storm
It's in his kiss
City of heavenly fire
How to get a PhD : a handbook for students and their supervisors
The space between : an Outlander novella
The wise man's fear
City of bones
Seconds away : a Mickey Bolitar novel
City of glass
The dire Earth
Catching fire
The long war
Making supervision work for you : a student's guide
The sentinel
