http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8413 chicken dishes
chicken dishes
Egg : exploit the versatility, aroma and taste
Chicken
Omelets, crepes and other recipes for the Missouri Botanical Garden
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Chickens cant see in the dark
Marguerite Patten's book of of fruit and vegetable cookery : and eggs, cheese, bacon, pickles, chutneys, jams, home-made wines
Broiled meats, chicken, fish, and vegetables
Pure delicious : more than 150 delectable allergen-free recipes without gluten, dairy, eggs, soy, peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, or cane sugar
The Conran cookbook
Poultry
Present it : new ideas for stylish garnishes
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Chicken & other birds : from the perfect roast chicken to Asian-style duck breasts
Food chemistry
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
The River Cottage chicken & eggs handbook
Milk products and eggs
Much depends on dinner : the extraordinary history and mythology, allure and obsessions, perils and taboos, of an ordinary meal
A bird in the hand : chicken recipes for every day and every mood
Offers over one hundred recipes for dishes featuring eggs, from simple techniques for making poached and scrambled eggs, to recipes for brioche and souffl es, covering a wide variety of sweet and savory creations.
Ruokien ravintoainesisältö = Livsmedlens näringsinnehåll = Nutrient composition of foods
Chicken & game hen menus
Boiled, poached, and steamed foods
The secret financial life of food : from commodities markets to supermarkets
The chicken gourmet : tempting ways with a classic ingredient
Fifty shades of chicken
The visual food encyclopedia
The Dione Lucas meat and poultry cook book
The hundred menu chicken cookbook
Allergy-free cookbook
How to cook the perfect..
Chicken : a cook's collection of 500 fabulous chicken, turkey and game dishes
Chicken is one of the most popular foods - comforting, casual, easy, even celebratory, it's always in the kitchen and on the table. Plundering the globe, there is no shortage of brilliant ways to cook it, whether you need a quick supper after work, something for a lazy summer BBQ or a feast to nourish family and friends. In 'A bird in the hand', Diana Henry offers a host of new, simple and not-so-very-well known dishes starring the bird we all love.
Ruoka-aineiden ravintoainesisältö = Livsmedlens näringsinnehåll = Nutrient composition of foods
Food allergies and hypersensitivities among children in South Karelia : occurrence, inheritance and seasonality
Posh eggs : over 70 recipes for wonderful eggy things
Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on Risk Assessment of Microbiological Hazards in Foods : risk characterization of Salmonella spp. in eggs and broiler chickens and Listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat foods : FAO headquarters, Rome, 30 April-4 May 2001.
Egg : a culinary exploration of the world's most versatile ingredient
The intolerant gourmet
Egg : the very best recipes inspired by the simple egg
