http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8411 mosses
mosses
Drepanocladus lapponicus (Norrl.) Z. Smirn. in Finnland
Taxonomic studies of the Bartramiaceae, Bryopsida
Taxonomy, distribution and ecology of Plagiothecium platyphyllum Mönk. (Musci, Plagiotheciaceae); an example of an endangered moss in spring-fed habitats
Restoring vegetation and carbon dynamics in a cut-away peatland
Epiphyte diversity on old deciduous trees in old-growth forests of Finland
Amendments to Australasian Cryphaea (Cryphaeaceae,Bryopsida)
Index of mosses : a catalog of the names and citations for new taxa, combinations, and names for mosses published during the years 1990 through 1992..
Moss flora of Central America. Part 1., Sphagnaceae-Calymperaceae
Pohlia cardotii (Bryaceae, Musci) found in Eurasia (Russia, Kamtchatka Penisula)
Cinclidiaceae, Mniaceae and Plagiomniaceae from Minshan Range, northwestern Sichuan, China
Phylogeny and evolutionary relationships of the moss families Brachytheciaceae and Meteoriaceae
The moss genus Plagiomnium Kop. sect. Rosulata (Kindb.) in northwestern Europe
The discovery of Rhizomnium andrewsianum in Finland and Norway
Cladistic analysis of the genus Pinnatella (Neckeraceae, Musci)
Some Latin American genera of Hypnaceae (Musci)
A monograph of Plagiomnium sect. Rosulata (Mniaceae)
Taxonomic studies of the Bartramiaceae (Bryopsida)
Journal of bryology
The genus Grimmia Hedw. (Grimmiaceae, Bryophyta) : a morphological-anatomical study
A taxonomic revision of Dicranodontium (Musci)
A taxonomic monograph of the genus Pinnatella (Neckeraceae, Bryopsida)
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Pleurocarpous mosses : systematics and evolution
Phylogeny and evalutionary relationships of the moss families Brachytheciaceae and Meteoriaceae
Long-term importance of aspen retention trees in the conservation of epiphytic bryophytes
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. 69, Preliminary report on the Sematophyllaceae (Musci), with nomenclatural notes
Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus and his collection of letters
New records of Pogonatum dentatum (Musci, Polytrichaceae) for Finland
Notes on the Neckeraceae (Musci). 20, Neckera goughiana and its geographic distribution
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. 63, On the pseudoparaphyllia in Brachytheciaceae and Meteoriaceae (Musci)
Bryophyte flora in three historical man-made habitats in southern Finland
Cold and heat resistance of five species of Sphagnum
Monographic studies on Cryphaea (Bryopsida)
The moss genus Cinclidium (Mniaceae) in Finland
Monographic studies on Orthotrichum (Musci)
Miscellaneous notes on Mniaceae (Bryophyta). 2
Preparation and functional properties of beverages made from moss phlox (Phlox subulata L.) leaves
Distribution of Rhodobryum roseum in Finland in the light of line survey and frequency maps
Changes in the epilithic and epiphytic moss cover in two deciduous forest areas on the island of Öland (Sweden) : a comparison between 1958-1962 and 1988-1990
