http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8419 religious leaders
religious leaders
Devotion, devine knowledge and insight : a brief account of the life of Ḥaḍrat Imam Zayn al-'Ābidīn (A.S), Ḥaḍrat Imam Muḥammad al-Bāqir (A.S.), and Ḥaḍrat Imam Jaʻfar al-Ṣādiq (A.S.)
Dreaming the Great Brahmin : Tibetan traditions of the Buddhist poet-saint Saraha
Life of Muhammad
Guru Nanak's religion : a comparative study of religions
The God-Man : the life, journey and work of Meher Baba with an interpretation of his silence and spiritual teaching
Hillel and Jesus : comparative studies of two major religious leaders
The third eye : the autobiography of a Tibetan lama
Theodore Parker
Ramakrisna and his disciples
Speeches that changed the world
Shi'a Islam : from religion to revolution
10 questions for the Dalai Lama : one man's journey through the northern Himalayas
The life of the Buddha : according to the Pali Canon
Buddha. 2, The four encounters
Religious leaders of the world
A Man called Bapu
Buddha : a story of enlightenment
Life of the Buddha
Understanding the Dalai Lama : a simple smiling monk
Reflections of Amma : devotees in a global embrace
Sri Ramakrishna : the great master. [Vol. 2]
The Buddha : a beginner's guide
Pontifex maximus as the title of the Pope
My spiritual journey : personal reflections, teachings, and talks
The book of enlightened masters : western teachers in eastern traditions
Jesus  : a story of enlightenment
Life of Buddha & his teachings = Buddha Win Yoke Sone
Confucius: the sage on the road
Portrait of a Dalai Lama : the life and times of the Great Thirteenth
Indian female gurus in contemporary Hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
This book gives an intimate portrait of the Dalai Lama in his various roles, together with the background and history up to the current situation, of Tibet and its people. This book is being produced to co-incide with two major films on Tibet.
A concise history of the rabbinate
The two chiefs of the youths of the paradise : a brief account of the life of Ḥaḍrat Imam al-Ḥasan al-Mujtbā (A.S.) and Ḥaḍrat Imam al-Ḥusayn Sayyid al-Shuhadā (A.S.)
Tibet my story : an autobiography
Khomeini's ghost
In exile from the Land of Snows : the Dalai Lama and Tibet since the Chinese conquest
Eighth Dharma celebration : His Holiness the XIV Dalai Lama speaks on transforming the mind ; Constitution Club Lawns, New Delhi 16th January 1990.
From conflict to conciliation: Tibetan polity [i.e. policy] revisited : a brief historical conspectus of the Dalai Lama-Panchen Lama Standoff, ca. 1904-1989
Spiritual masters of India : (20th century)
My spiritual autobiography : personal reflections, teachings and talks
Philosophers and religious leaders
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Call of the great master
Pioneers of Islamic revival
The life and death of Mahatma Gandhi
Eternal platform
Freedom in exile : the autobiography of his holiness the Dalai Lama of Tibet
The Patriarch Photius in the light of recent research
Heroes  : history's greatest men and women
The gospel of Sri Ramakrishna
Sri Ramakrishna : the great master. [Vol. 1]
21 speeches that shaped our world : the people and ideas that changed the way we think
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 4, Imamate and leadership
Being Aurovilian : constructions of self, spirituality and India in an international community
Tales of the Hasidim : the early masters
Life of Ahmad : founder of the Ahmadiyya movement. Part 1
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
The Christian and the pharisee : Two outspoken religious leaders debate the road to heaven
The world of the Dalai Lama : an inside look at his life, his people, and his vision
Prophet of a new Hindu age : the life and times of Acharya Pranavananda
The Buddha
The life of Buddha : as legend and history
The 14th Dalai Lama : spiritual leader of Tibet
The life and teachings of Sai Baba of Shirdi
Old path, white clouds : walking in the footsteps of the Buddha
Deepak Chopra's Buddha : a story of enlightenment
The cauliflower
Karma cola : [marketing the mystic East]
The popes : a history
The savage altar
Buddha. 2 : The four encounters
Śrī Madhvācārya and his cardinal doctrines. [Vol. 1]
The system of the Dalai Lama reincarnation
Speeches that changed the world : the stories and transcripts of the moments that made history
The biographies of the Dalai Lamas
"Mata Amritanandamayi (Amma) is the face of religion in the a new global age. Born in 1953 to a low-caste family in a southern Indian fishing village, she has catapulted to international prominence in recent decades through her travels, humanitarian programs, and the ever-increasing explosion of new centers in and outside of India, including the US, Canada, Europe, East Asia, Africa, and South America. Today 8-10 million people around the world identify as Amma devotees. Known throughout the world as the "hugging saint," she is famous for her elaborate darshan ceremonies, where as many as 50,000 people are embraced by the guru one at a time -- an event that can take up to three days and nights nonstop. This book is an in-depth examination of the Amma phenomenon and her American devotees. Amanda J. Huffer suggests that standard dichotomies within American religious studies are being broken down as notions of self and other, Asia and the West, goddess and human, become unsettled by way of Amma's highly performative darshan events. Huffer argues that an unprecedented egalitarian impulse is taking shape within the community, one that challenges long-held interpretations of Hindu religiosity and goddess worship. Through an in-depth ethnographic encounter with Amma devotees, she skillfully examines the new face of this fast-growing global religious movement"--
Souls on fire : portraits and legends of Hasidic masters
Old path, white clouds : the life story of the Buddha
The journey home : autobiography of an American swami
The masters and their retreats
Gandhi : my life is my message
Martin Luther
The tweetable pope : a spiritual revolution in 140 characters
Ruhollah's lifestyle : a brief book at family lifestyle of Imam Khomeini
"Globally known as Amma, meaning Mother, Mata Amritanandamayi has developed a massive transnational humanitarian organization based in hugs. She is familiar to millions as the "hugging saint," a moniker that derives from her elaborate darshan programs wherein nearly every day 10,000 people are embraced by the guru one at a time, events that routinely last 10-20 hours without any rest for her. Although she was born in 1953 as a low caste girl in a southern Indian fishing village, today millions revere her as guru and goddess, a living embodiment of the divine on earth. Reflections of Amma focuses on communities of Amma's devotees in the United States, showing how they endeavor to mirror their guru's behaviors and transform themselves to emulate the ethos of the movement. This study argues that "inheritors" and "adopters" of Hindu traditions differently interpret Hindu goddesses, Amma, and her relation to feminism and women's empowerment because of their inherited religious, cultural, and political dispositions. In this insightful ethnographic analysis, Lucia discovers how the politics of American multiculturalism reifies these cultural differences in "de facto congregations," despite the fact that Amma's embrace attempts to erase communal boundaries in favor of global unity"--
