http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8416 series books
series books
Hunters : Destiny rising
A quest of heroes
Princess Mirror-Belle and the party hoppers
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #3. after the flood
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Ottoline at sea
Cast in flight
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #1. the rescue
I am invited to a party!
Treasure hunt
These happy golden years
Ottoline goes to school
Hourglass
Unleashed
The Scottish prisoner
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Fire and ice
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
Lost in the caves
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
The fury
White death
The Killer Cat Runs Away
Sex. Book one, The summer of hard
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
The secret throne
Bighead
To be continued : an annotated guide to sequels
The informant
Little house on the prairie
Inside the little house in the big woods live the Ingalls family: Ma, pa, Mary, Laura and baby Carrie. Outside the little house are the wild animals: the bears and the bees, the deer and the wolves. This is the classic tale of how they live in harmony mostly, but sometimes in fear.
Are you ready to play outside?
The salvation : unspoken
Island of shadows
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
A march of kings
The son of Neptune
Half a war
Home is the palce : the four generation
V for vendetta
Batman : The killing joke
Eric : a Discworld novel
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #2. beyond the code
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Ghosts on the loose
Stefan's diaries 5 : Asylum. Vol. 5, Asylum
Ottoline and the yellow cat
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
A feast of dragons
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #3. the heart of a warrior
Cast in flame
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Beautiful chaos : a beautiful creatures novel
Depraved heart : a Scarpetta novel
The Melting Sea
I will surprise my friend!
The shepherd's crown
Rising storm
A dangerous path
The hunter's kind
Dana is Abby and Zander's daughter, but growing up in New York City in the late nineteen fifties is not always easy, especially when you would like your own room separate from your twin sister--and when your beloved father dies and you are forced to move things just get worse.
Mystic
Stefan's diaries 6 : Compelled. Vol. 6, Compelled
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Preserve the dead
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
The Akimbo adventures
Pig the fibber
Anne of Green Gables
Forest of secrets
The Twilight Saga : the official iIlustrated guide
The mark of Athena
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
Hour of the doomed dog
Long Shadows
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Gathering voices
Rogue wave
Warriors : Enter the Clans
The lost hero
Shadowhunters and downworlders : a Mortal Instruments reader
The not-a-pig
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Sophie's snail
Ink and bone
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
The staff of Serapis
The indigo spell : a Bloodlines novel
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
The darkest hour
Batman vs. superman : the greatest battles
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Ravens call
Warning cry
Spy cat. Safari
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Better to wish : the first generation
Sophie hits six
Poppy Pym and the pharaoh's curse
Hunters : Moonsong
Whisper the dead
March. Book 1
Did I mention I need you?
The idealization of girlhood in the Sweet Valley High series
Dixie O'Day and the great diamond robbery
Rocket girl. Volume 1, Times squared
Fracture me. Book 2
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Shades of earth
Gasp of the ghoulish guinea pig
Half wild
Up, up and away!
The farseer trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
In the fast lane
My big fat zombie goldfish. The fintastic fish-sitter
The whispers of the fallen
Elric of Melniboné
The rising
In 1930 Abby Nichols is an eight-year-old girl growing up in Maine, but as the Depression deepens, and her mother dies, the responsibility of taking care of her family falls to her, and she has to put her dreams of going to college and becoming a writer on hold.
The long way home : the second generation
A whisper of wolves
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Nightfall
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Nowhere men. Volume 1, Fates worse than death
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Frail human heart
Maskerade : a Discworld novel
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Bizenghast. Issue 8
A lesson in love : a little village school novel
Seal of the Worm
Trashed
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Uninvited. Book 1
Leviathan
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #2. a clan in need
The adventures of Tom Sawyer
Stefan's diaries 4 : Ripper. Vol. 4, The ripper
Little house in the big woods
Sophie's Tom
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Fated
Cast in sorrow
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
Into the wild
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #1. shattered peace
