http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8414 sodium
sodium
Sodium calcium exchange : a growing spectrum of pathophysiological implications : proceedings of the 6th international conference on sodium calcium exchange
Determination of the 23Na nuclear quadrupole moment from molecular data for NaF and NaCl
Electronic structure calculations of aluminum and sodium clusters
Intracellular calcium stores and sodium-calcium exchanger in cardiac myocytes : experimental and computer simulation study
Exhaust gas emissions, e.g. nitrogen oxides (NOx), hydrocarbons (HCs) and carbon monoxide (CO), are harmful to human health and the environment. Catalysis is an efficient method to decrease these emissions. Unfortunately, the fuels and lubricant oils may contain chemical impurities that are also present in exhaust gases. Thus, catalytic materials with high activity and chemical resistance towards impurities are needed in the abatement of exhaust gas emission.In this thesis, the aim was to gain new knowledge about the effects of chemical impurities on the behaviour and activity of the catalysts. To find out these effects, the impurities existing in the exhaust gas particulate matter after combustion of biofuels and fossil fuels were analysed. The studied zeolite (ZSM-5), cerium-zirconium mixed oxides (CeZr and ZrCe) and silicon-zirconium oxide (SiZr) based catalysts were also treated with impurities to simulate the poisoning of the catalysts by, e.g. potassium, sodium, phosphorus and sulphur, using gas or liquid phase treatments. Several characterization techniques were applied to find out the effects of impurities on catalysts' properties. The activity of catalysts was tested in laboratory-scale measurements in CO and HC oxidation and NOx reduction using ammonia (NH3) and hydrogen (H2) as reductants.The results revealed that the CeZr based catalysts had a high activity in NOx reduction by NH3 and moderate activity by H2. Sulphur was proven to enhance the activity of CeZr catalysts in NOx reduction. This is due to an increase in chemisorbed oxygen after the sulphur treatment on the catalyst surface. Instead, in HC and CO oxidation reactions, sulphur had a negligible impact on the activity of the SiZr based diesel oxidation catalyst. Thus, both CeZr and SiZr based catalysts can be utilized in exhaust gas purification when sulphur is present. ZSM-5 based catalysts were proven to be resistant to potassium and sodium. Alternatively, the activity of SiZr based catalysts decreased due to phosphorus. Thus, the removal of biomaterial-based impurities from the exhaust gases is needed to retain high catalyst activity in the exhaust gas after-treatment system.
Na/K-ATPase and related transport ATPases : structure, mechanism, and regulation
Unraveling the functional divergence of membrane-bound pyrophosphatases
Sodium and angiotensin II in the central control of fluid balance : a study in conscious goats
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
The significance of sodium release during devolatilization on fume formation in kraft recovery furnaces
Novel function of the skin in calcium metabolism in female and male chickens (Gallus domesticus)
Sodium and potassium regulation : with special reference to the athletic horse
Comparative aspects of sodium cotransport systems
Diagnostics of a charge breeder electron cyclotron resonance ion source helium plasma with the injection of 23 Na 1+ ions
KLL Auger spectra of sodium, magnesium, aluminium, and silicon
Control of energy metabolism under salt stress in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Sodium-calcium exchange : proceedings of the third international conference
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
Sodium and sulfur chemistry in combustion gases
An investigation of base cation deposition in Finland
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Structural studies of membrane-bound pyrophosphatases
Hydrochloric acid and sodium sulfate
Optical properties of small, spherical sodium clusters and dimers calculated using the jellium model and lr-TDDFT
Base cations deposition in Europe : Sofie Hellsten ... [et al.]
The effect of borates on kraft, Kraft-AQ and soda-AQ cooking of black spruce
Sodium-calcium exchange and the plasma membrane Ca2+-ATPase in cell function : fifth international conference
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities:the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
Calcium A Key Player in Early Neural Development and Migration : TRPCs and VGCCs
Acid-base balance and oxidative metabolism in calcified tissues
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities : the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
