http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8420 leadership (properties)
leadership (properties)
The school leadership views on the impact of the national school feeding programme in Ghana : the case study of Adumanu M/A and Ayaasi D/A primary schools
Creating professional learning community : a case study in one Finnish school
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
Creating a collaborative ESL classroom through teacher leadership : a case study in Guizhou Province, China
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Organizational Development and Coaching in Complex Environment
Management knowledge : a critical view
Coaching for innovation : tools and techniques for encouraging new ideas in the workplace
Women and leadership: factors that influence women's career success : female leaders' reflections on their career development and leadership
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of leadership, change, and organizational development
Leadership development basics
Evaluation of manager competencies : an international comparative analysis
Project management : challenges for project leader
Emerging leadership vistas
How to grow leaders : the seven key principles of effective leadership development
The Power of invisible leadership : how a compelling common purpose inspires exceptional leadership
Next generation leadership : insights from emerging leaders
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
The emergence of leadership : linking self-organization and ethics
Stogdill's handbook of leadership : a survey of theory and research
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
Understanding leadership perspectives : theoretical and practical approaches
Riding the creative rollercoaster : how leaders evoke creativity, productivity and innovation
The rational manager : a systematic approach to problem solving and decision making
Dealing with the unexpected : organizational sensemaking within the scope of collaborative leadership
Towards a trust-based model of leadership within the leader-member exchange theory framework : a qualitative study of leaders' trustworthiness in the SME context
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Mind the gap : creating social justice through education policy
School leadership challenges in the implementation of technical and vocational education curriculum in Ghana
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
A handbook of management and leadership : a guide to managing for results
Relationships of MBTI types and HBDI preferences in a population of student program managers
Educational administration : a behavioral approach
Leadership style : Impact on employee
Ethics as a major element of sustainability in educational leadership across Finnish education
The new entrepreneurial leader : developing leaders who shape social and economic opportunity
Essentials of Nursing Leadership and Management
Trust, Organizations and Social Interaction aims to promote new knowledge about trust in an organizational context. The book provides case-analysis of how trust is formed through processes of social interaction in which actors observe, reflect upon and make sense of trust behaviour and its meaning in an organizational and social environment. It greatly contributes to clarifying what a process view may mean in trust research and to the understanding how social interaction processes affect trust.The contributing authors demonstrate how trust and distrust are produced and reproduced in a complex interplay with social processes and practices. Instead of asking how trust may be measured or how trust is a resource for managers, they explore how trust develops and how managers become intertwined with and caught up in trust processes.
The Leadership Moment : nine true stories of triumph and disaster and their lessons for us all
The servant leader : unleashing the power of your people
Fifty key figures in management
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
Boxology : thinking and working inside, outside, and beyond the box and the cubicle
The human side of enterprise
Distributing leadership in a day care setting
Practicing leadership : principles and applications
The emerging elite : a study of political leadership in Ceylon
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Leadership assessment for talent development
International project management : leadership in complex environments
The discursive construction of leader identity: Tim Cook in a broadcast interview
Distributed leadership collaboration factors to support idea generation in computer-supported collaborative e-learning
MGMT9 : principles of management
Educating nurses for leadership
Going Up? An Insight to gender diversity: understanding the scarcity of corporate female leaders : Case KONE Corporation
“Balancing and Leveraging Management, Leadership and Technology and Fostering Innovation in Changing European High Technology Sector” : Reconstruction of High Technology Organisation
Managing the Dream : Reflections on Leadership and Change
This publication includes the full paper presentations presented in the International Symposium on Educational Reform (ISER) 2013 conference. ISER2013 is a symposium for national policy makers, researchers and scholars, superintendents, and principals. The annual symposium was organized by the Institute of Educational Leadership of the Faculty of Education, the University of Jyväskylä in Finland, in collaboration with the University of Kentucky, the University of Pretoria, and East China Normal University. The themes of the symposium this year were Social justice, Future creation, Ethical leadership, The Finnish School system compared to other countries, Lifelong guidance and counselling, Leadership challenges and solutions, and Introducing present school leadership research.
The leadership experience
Making leadership : performances, practices, and positions that construct leadership
Harry Levinson on the psychology of leadership
Managing to survive
Understanding ethical failures in leadership
Distributed leadership and teacher’ self-efficacy : the case studies of three Chinese schools in Shanghai
Management colsultancy : - what next?
Mastering leadership : key techniques for managing and leading a winning team
Contemporary issues in leadership
Enabling leadership promotes a positive working climate
Leadership in organizations
Athlete leadership behavior : how it relates to perceived team cohesion and players' satisfaction in elite sport teams
Leadership for the 21st century
Headmaster-teacher relationship in leading school
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Leadership or domination
Causing others to want your leadership
The agile business leader : the role of the champion
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
An executive's coaching handbook
The first-time manager
Leadership for the twenty-first century
An enabling environment for female leadership in Finnish comprehensive school
21st century leadership : dialogues with 100 top leaders
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
Leadership
The use of strategic foresight in middle management : a case study in the financial sector
Successful leadership in a week
Values and the active community : a cross-national study of the influence of local leadership
Beyond authority : leadership in a changing world
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
Leadership for dummies
Executive leadership : a practical guide to managing complexity
Fact and fantasy about leadership
Impact of sharing leadership on team performance in self-managed student teams
Leadership in Asia : persuasive communication in the making of nations, 1850-1950
Leaders on leadership : interviews with top executives
The role of the principal's instructional leadership at schools in Indonesia
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Transformative leadership : primer
Organizational change : the effect of successful leadership
Organizational development and coaching in complex environment
Projektin Johdon Pätevyys 3.0 = National Competence Baseline 3.0
Leadership, discourse, and ethnicity
The Power of Leadership Storytelling : Case of Adolf Hitler
Managerialism and the public services : the Anglo-American experience
Contemplating space syntax and leadership in daycare settings
The inspirational leader : how to motivate, engourage & achieve success
The balancing act : mastering the competing demands of leadership
The international library of leadership. 1, Traditional classics on leadership
Charisma
Partnership and power : report on leadership and management training workshop
Leadership in conflict : the lessons of history
This volume provides a comprehensive treatment of the principles, theories, constructs, and strategies in organizational development and change management. Developed as a companion to other texts in the Wiley-Blackwell Handbooks in Organizational Psychology series, this handbook focuses on the theories and ideas that inspire and support the practice and strategy of these areas of study. Appropriate for graduate students as well as faculty, the Handbook will be a useful tool for teaching the theories and strategies that provide key background for successful organizational leaders.
Finnish women in decision-making : the national conference 15.-16.2.1996, Helsinki, Finland
Executive achievement. making it at the top
Going multicultural : leadership in international organizations in Finland : case study: UPM-Kymmene's GTS
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
The nature and limits of authority
The right to manage? : a study of leadership and reform in employee relations
Start with why : how great leaders inspire everyone to take action
Leadership in Finnish comprehensive school core curricula since the 1970s
The international library of leadership. 2, Modern classics on leadership
Authentic leadership : clashes, convergences and coalescences
Transforming your STEM career through leadership and innovation : inspiration and strategies for women
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
Negro political leadership in the South
Essence of leadership
Return on impact : leadership strategies for the age of connected relationships
The new leaders : achieving corporate transformation through dynamic leadership
FemaleForum : competence for the future
INITIATING CULTURE OF LEADERSHIP IN A LOGISTICS COMPANY
Female Leadership Motivation in Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises
On leadership
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
The making of managers
Strategic learning : how to become smarter than your competition and turn key insights into competitive advantage
Leading academics
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
Strategic leadership : how to think and plan strategically and provide direction
Multicultural Leadership Strategies : case: Company X, Poland
Being and becoming early childhood leaders: reflections on leadership studies in early childhood education and the future leadership research agenda
"Transforming your STEM Career through Leadership and Innovation" offers valuable information on what it means to be a leader and innovator and encourages you to discover and develop these skills for yourself. This book integrates leadership and innovation principles with personal examples and profiles of inspirational women. By providing a clear process on how to build upon your personal strengths to realize leadership and innovation goals, this book will inspire you to pick up the mantle and meet the critical need for leadership and innovation in the STEM fields. This is a must-have guide that is relevant and valuable for women in all stages of their careers. It examines research-based leadership and innovation principles to make these critically important characteristics both real and attainable. It empowers you to build upon your own strengths and successes to discover and develop leadership and innovation skills. It features a companion website that highlights women's leadership success stories, innovation resources and best practices. It provides a practical guide that educates, encourages and equips you to pursue leadership and innovation opportunities.
The charisma myth : master the art of personal magnetism
Harvard business review on human relations. Volume 4, Classic advice on leadership
Transformative Leadership: A Primer both delivers an overview of transformative leadership and also clearly distinguishes it from other popular approaches to leadership. Hence, this will be the text of choice for many graduate courses in educational leadership. Carolyn M. Shields shows how the tenets of transformative leadership interact with one another, and how they provide a lens for leadership that offers an excellent, inclusive, equitable, and socially just education for all students. Using anecdotes and narratives drawn from empirical research, as well as current data, Dr. Shields establishes how transformative leadership comprises a comprehensive approach to leadership in highly diverse contexts, and how it can empower students who are traditionally marginalized due to race, ethnicity, sexual orientation and gender identity, home language, or religion. Accepting a mandate for educational change, reconstructing knowledge frameworks, and redistributing power in more equitable ways are starting points for transformative leaders. Changing the structures, cultures, curricula, and pedagogies of the school to be more democratic and emancipatory; acknowledging our interconnectedness and interdependence with global neighbors; and accepting responsibility for promoting both public and private good are processes that implement the transformation. Taken together, these changes cannot be accomplished without considerable collaboration, conversation, and moral courage. No leader wanting to promote excellence and equity for all should be without this primer that offers a new way of thinking about all aspects of schooling, from facilities and fiscal issues to academic programs and school policy. Transformative leadership offers a promising and robust theory of change for all situations and contexts.
Leadership roles of teacher trainees in the Gambia primary school : a case study of two primary schools
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Applying of   Emotional Intelligence in the Workplace:Success Strategies for Russian Female Leaders in Finland
Colonisation of the mind and its manifestation in Kenyan leadership
Leadership : multidisciplinary perspectives
Toughminded leadership
Leadership : A lifetime quest for excellence
The New Supervisor : Lead with Confidence
The merging of effective working culture practices at Toyota in an international business environment.
Learning for leadership : interpersonal and intergroup relations
An exploration into the applicability of school principals' training on the principals' leadership practices in Finland
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
How to use Strategic Learning to rapidly respond to change and gain a sustainable advantage over your competitors. What's even harder than creating a breakthrough strategy? Making it stick. As companies are fighting to survive in a tough economy, this new book by Willie Pietersen demonstrates the power of the Strategic Learning process, a four-step dynamic cycle guaranteed to create and sustain winning performance. Adopted by a wide range of corporations and not-for-profit organizations, the Strategic Learning process builds on eight years of practicing, adapting and honing the original concep.
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Neuroscience and leadership : awareness, relevance and applications of neuroscience principles within leadership development in Germany
The quality and development of the leader-follower relationship and psychological capital : a longitudinal case study in a higher education context
An exploration of socio-cultural and organizational factors affecting women's access to educational leadership
Playing to learn : business simulation games as leadership learning environments
Two-dimensional man : an essay on the anthropology of power and symbolism in complex society
The Relevance of cross-cultural leadership training : a case study of a Finnish training program for Chinese school principals
Doing leadership differently : gender, power and sexuality in a changing business culture
The relationship between visionary leadership and instructional leadership behavior of secondary school principals : regression analysis and hermeneutic interpretation
Management & organisational behaviour
The loving heart of a mother or a greedy politician? : media representations of female presidents in Liberia and Malawi
Leadership in small enterprises
Quality leadership skills : standards of leadership behavior
Distributed leadership for interconnected worlds
For professionals responsible for talent management and development, assessing competence and capability is crucial, especially in relation to recruiting the right leader. Yet talent professionals can also use leadership assessment as a positive and powerful talent development tool. Leadership Assessment for Talent Development goes beyond recruitment to position assessment as a central, strategic activity. It demonstrates how to apply a connected process that accelerates behavioural change areas and facilitates the engagement and enabling of in-house talent. This practical, forward-looking book uses authentic, engaging case studies to show how the principles of leadership assessment can work in practice. It is an essential companion for HR and talent professionals in any field who want to equip their company with the talent it needs to be fit for business success.
Leadership and change in the multilateral trading system
In search of leaders
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
Sharing knowledge through the initiating process
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Leadership : quotations from the world's greatest motivators
Experience leadership in practice
Redesigning leadership
Great leaders see the future first : taking your organization to the top in five revolutionary steps
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Staff leadership in public schools : a sociological inquiry
Attitude 101 : what every leader needs to know
The cult of the leader : a manifesto for more authentic business
Develop your leadership skills
Project management leadership : building creative teams
Learning leadership : the five fundamentals of becoming an exemplary leader
One of the emerging practices in leadership is the shared leadership. It was developed due to autonomy and self-direction which was required to steer team to a performance driven direction. Teams, as they are known, is a group of people working for a common goals and objectives, of which students are also included, Therefore, this research examine shared leadership in the context of students precisely International business degree students. The objective of this research was basically meant to examine the shared leadership in and its impact on the performance based on the context of the students under investigation.  Findings from this research evaluate the areas in which the students effectively practice shared leadership and provide suggestions and pathway for improvement in team activities within student's teams.
Leading and managing the lean management process
Transformational and transactional leadership and problem solving in restaurant industry
Health-Promoting Leadership : a study of the concept and critical conditions for  implementation and evaluation / Andrea Eriksson
Leadership and student learning in higher education
The international library of leadership. 3, New perspectives on leadership
Job motivation and job design
Investigating teacher leadership in ECE centres in Finland
Trust, organizations and social interaction : studying trust as process within and between organizations
#AskGaryVee : one entrepreneur's take on leadership, social media & self-awareness
From Risk Management to Opportunity Management: An Institutional Approach
Multiplying management effectiveness
Communicating change from leadership : a case study on Kulosaari secondary school
Leadership : selected readings
The role of student counselling in school leadership : case study in Finnish and Russian schools
Unexpected Generation Change Influencing the Change in Management Style Case Ränssin Kievari
Distributed leadership and the visibility/invisibility paradox in on-line communities
The authors have created a volume that goes beyond the platitudes and reductionism of most of the leadership literature. The heroic is put in its place as they show how leadership is a relationship and that meaning and social values such as authenticity emerge from that relationship and the context in which it occurs. This book is an important step in the direction of a more comprehensive understanding of leadership that can help to shape the future dialogue.
Heterarchial ontological commitment for leaders to stimulate creativity among virtual workforce
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
