http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8426 sheep
sheep
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Symposium on intensive sheep production : Helsinki from 27th to 30th August 1979
Sheepmeat
The behaviour of sheep : biological principles and implications for production
An introduction to keeping sheep : Jane Upton and Dennis Soden
Mary had a little lamb
Healthy sheep : naturally
Comparison of different models for the estimation of genetic parameters of body weight traits in Moghani sheep
One fluffy baa-lamb, ten hairy caterpillars
Timmy can dance!
Sheep flock health : a planned approach
Woollen handicrafts on the Baltic islands : handbook and DVD film
The genetics of sheep
DLS and Arcott sheep : new Canadian breeds
Reproduction, growth and nutrition in sheep : dr. Halldór Pálsson memorial publication = Frjósemi, vöxtur og fódrun saudfjár : rit til minningar um dr. Halldór Pálsson
New concepts of sheep growth
Woolly jumber : the story of wool
Experiments with finnsheep and prolificacy in sheep : proceedings of a joined special symposium of the commissions on animal genetics and on sheep and goats, EAAP, Helsinki, Finland, on July 1, 1988
Timmy  needs a bath!
Boo and Baa have company
Feeding sheep
The herd boy
The sheep as an experimental animal
Cheap meat : flap food nations in the pacific islands
Lambert's reasons for the seasons
This photographic encyclopedia features more than 200 animals and the fibers they produce. It covers almost every sheep breed in the world. It also includes goats, camelids (such as alpacas, llamas, and vicunas), bison, horses, musk oxen, rabbits, and even dogs. Each entry includes photographs of the featured animal; samples of its raw fleece, its cleaned fleece, and yarn spun from the fleece; and samples of the yarn knit and woven.
The welfare of sheep
The perendale : hardiness and thrift, high lambing percentage, low death rate,minimum of shepherding, high-priced fleece of good weight
Sheep
One more sheep
Chronic copper poisoning in sheep
Resilience to climate change in Patagonia, Argentina
Lena's Sleep Sheep : a Going-to-Bed-Book
The boy who cried wolf
Cloning : a beginner`s guide
The showman shepherd
Animal breeding : an introduction
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
The sleep sheep
Prediction of breeding values for mature weight in ewes
Small ruminants in the Near East : volume 1 : selected papers prepared for expert consultation on small ruminant research and development in the Near East, 23-27 October 1985, Tunis
Barnyard in your backyard : a beginner's guide to raising chickens, ducks, geese, rabbits, goats, sheep, and cattle
Performance of Arsi and crossbred sheep in the highland of Arsi region, Ethiopia
Finnsheep is one of the most prolific sheep breeds in the world. We sequenced RNA-Seq libraries from the ovaries of Finnsheep ewes collected during out of season breeding period at about 30X sequence coverage. A total of 86 966 348 and 105 587 994 reads from two samples were mapped against latest available ovine reference genome (Oarv3.1). The transcriptome assembly revealed 14 870 known ovine genes, including the 15 candidate genes for fertility and out-of-season breeding. In this study we successfully used our bioinformatics pipeline to assemble the first ovarian transcriptome of Finnsheep.
Showing sheep : for the pleasure of profit
Genetic parameters for birth weight (BW), 3-month weight (3MW), 6-month weight (6MW), 9-month weight (9MW) and yearling weight (YW) in Iranian Moghani sheep were estimated using restricted maximum likelihood procedure of MTDFREML program. The data and pedigree information used in this research were collected at the Breeding station of Moghani sheep (Ardebil province, Iran) during 1987-2005. Six different animal models were fitted, differentiated by including or excluding maternal effects, with and without covariance between maternal and direct genetic effects. The estimates for direct heritability ranged from 0.31 to 0.54, 0.21 to 0.34, 0.13 to 0.25, 0.11 to 0.22 and 0.10 to 0.17 for BW, 3MW, 6MW, 9MW and YW, respectively. The estimates were substantially higher when maternal effects, either genetic or environmental, were ignored in the model. The results of this study show that full models with maternal genetic and environmental effects gave the most accurate estimates for body weight traits in Moghani sheep.
Storey's guide to raising sheep
Small ruminant production and the small ruminant genetic resource in tropical Africa. by R. Trevor Wilson
The Suffolk and South-Suffolk
Misery Moo
The Scallywags blow their top!
Cattle and sheep medicine
Mastitis in dairy production : current knowledge and future solutions
Sheep farming for meat and wool
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Climatic variability and effects on ungulate body weight: the case of domestic sheep
Sheep and goat practice. 2
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Feeds and feeding
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
Manual of sheep diseases
Studies on seasonal variation in testicular function in corriedale rams with special emphasis on nutritional effects
Practical lambing and lamb care : a veterinary guide
The effect of suckling regime on the quantity and quality of marketable milk and the performance of lambs
Newsom's sheep diseases
Ammotragus lervia : a review on systematics, biology, ecology and distribution
Origin and maintenance of genetic diversity in northern European sheep
Three bags full : a sheep detective story
Know your sheep
Running a small flock of sheep
Know more sheep
Traditional sheep keeping on Estonian and Finnish coast and islands
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Transcriptome profiling of Finnsheep ovaries during out-of-season breeding period
Outline of clinical diagnosis in sheep
The farmer's llamas
It's time to sleep, you crazy sheep!
Where are my lambs?
Fixation of mandibular body osteotomies using biodegradable amorphous self-reinforced (70L:30DL) polyactide or metal lag screws : an experimental study in sheep
The veterinary book for sheep farmers
Charlotte and the wolves
The big bad mole's coming!
Uan the little lamb
Small ruminant research
Adjusting lamb weights for systematic effects in the Swedish sheep recording scheme
The naughty sheep
A comparative study on four screw-plate locking systems in sheep : a clinical and radiological study
The sheep
The fleece and fiber sourcebook : more than 200 fibers from animal to spun yarn / Deborah Robson and Carol Ekarius
Feeds & nutrition
The modern shepherd
Join Douglas on a honey hunt in the seventh Hugless Douglas adventure. This bestselling series has sold over 1.4 million copies to date in 26 languages! The sheep are baking honey cakes and Douglas can't wait to try them. He's sure that food without honey just isn't yummy. Can he ever be tempted to try something new? David Melling is one of the UK's best-loved author-illustrators and his seventh book about Douglas the brown bear is as funny and compelling as the first. It combines brilliantly imaginative illustrations with an endearing sense of what it is like to be a small child learning about the world. Hello, Hugless Douglas! was a World Book Day picture book in 2014. A new Hugless Douglas book is always a cause for celebration.
Those magnificent sheep in their flying machine
Current veterinary therapy : food animal practice 3
The welfare of the sheep has received less attention than the welfare of intensively husbanded animals. However, domestic sheep may be kept under conditions that are very different from the environment in which wild sheep live, with adverse effects on their behaviour and welfare. This book, written by leading researchers from Europe and Australia, takes a multidisciplinary approach to focus on the specific welfare challenges facing the sheep.The book begins with a discussion of current welfare thinking and how this might be relevant to sheep husbandry. The adaptations of wild sheep to diverse environments, and how their behaviour and physiology has developed to deal with these conditions is described and compared to conditions in modern sheep husbandry. The varied welfare demands of disease, nutrition and metabolism, farming systems and management practices are then discussed by specialists in those areas. The book concludes by considering the economics of improved welfare, and by describing breeding goals and new challenges and opportunities for good sheep husbandry. This book will be of interest to students and academics in animal welfare, animal production, and veterinary medicine, and those with a particular interest in or concern for sheep.
Genetic studies in Baluchi sheep : biometric analyses of body development, wool production and reproductive performance
The Yorkshire shepherdess : how I left city life behind to raise a family - and a flock
A bibliography of sheep and goat anatomy
Assesment of carcass composition based on ultrasonic and EUROP conformation class of live lambs
The sheep won't sleep
Practical sheep keeping
Bridget and the muttonheads
Genetics of reproduction in sheep
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Organic meat production in the '90s : proceedings of a conference held at Reading University 22 September 1989
Diseases of sheep
The quest of the warrior sheep
Living with sheep : everything you need to know to raise your own flock
Sheep and goat practice
Small ruminants in the Near East : volume 2 : selected articles from World animal review 1972-1986
Thinhorn sheep evolution and behaviour
Sheep production and diseases in Zambia : a minor field study on selected farms and on post-mortem and meat inspection data
Atlas of ovine parasitology
Hugless Douglas and the great cake bake
Who's awake in springtime?
Reproductive traits in sheep breeding with emphasis on litter size as a threshold character
Dolly mixtures : the remaking of genealogy
New sheep breeds in Canada
Diseases and disorders of the sheep and goat
Russell and the lost treasure
Battle sheep
Milk production in the ewe : proceedings of sessions of the Sheep & goat commission of the European association for animal production, Brussels, August 1978
Strategies for improving quality of meat produced from lambs and goats in Norway and in Tanzania - influences of species, breed, sex age and diet
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
Prolific sheep
The sheep farming guide : for small and not-so-small flocks
The shepherd's life : a tale of the Lake District
Workshop: Natural pastures and mobile animal husbandry under pressure : the cases of Lapland and the Tibetan plateau [: University of Oulu, Finland, June 2002]
While the creation of Dolly the sheep, the world's most famous clone, triggered an enormous amount of discussion about human cloning, in Dolly Mixtures the anthropologist Sarah Franklin looks beyond that much-rehearsed controversy to some of the other reasons why the iconic animal's birth and death were significant. Building on the work of historians and anthropologists, Franklin reveals Dolly as the embodiment of agricultural, scientific, social, and commercial histories which are, in turn, bound up with national and imperial aspirations. Dolly was the offspring of a long tradition of animal domestication, as well as the more recent histories of capital accumulation through selective breeding, and enhanced national competitiveness through the control of biocapital. Franklin traces Dolly's connections to Britain's centuries-old sheep and wool markets (which were vital to the nation's industrial revolution) and to Britain's export of animals to its colonies - particularly Australia - to expand markets and produce wealth. Moving forward in time, she explains the celebrity sheep's links to the embryonic cell lines and global bioscientific innovation of the late twentieth century and early twenty-first.
Vegetation development and sheep grazing in limestone grasslands of south Öland, Sweden
A handbook for the sheep clinician
Natural prevention of internal and external parasites in sheep, Case Tauroa
Modern livestock and poultry production
Charlie and Bethan
Controlled reproduction in sheep and goats
Llama drama : in it to win it!
No bath Bob
Genetic improvement of cattle and sheep
Marvin wanted more!
Sheep and goat medicine
Current veterinary therapy : food animal practice 4
Finnsheep
Skin diseases on Ethiopian sheep and their effect on the pickled skin : a minor field study
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
Giddy the great
Feeding the sheep
Training manual on artificial insemination in sheep and goats
The greative book of soft toys
Cattle and Sheep Medicine incorporates over 250 new clinical cases divided equally between cattle and sheep. The cases appear randomly to reflect real life practice and are presented as a set of integrated questions, photographs and detailed explanatory answers - to educate and not just to test. New images have been added for all cases and multiple choice questions are included for revision purposes. This second edition covers important clinical features of a range of common diseases of ruminants encountered in first opinion practice in a problem-based format. The book also contains many diseases not featured in the former edition. While common diseases are also again featured, the situations have been changed to mimic general practice, as a disease does not always manifest with the same clinical features. The diagnosis and treatment regimens described are those used by the author over the past 38 years in commercial large animal practice. They acknowledge the time and financial restrictions that occur in many situations, but require no specialised facilities or equipment.--AMAZON
