http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8423 agricultural sciences
agricultural sciences
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Statistical methods in agriculture and experimental biology
Latin America and the Caribbean : a Systematic and Regional Survey
100-vuotiaan tiedekunnan tulevaisuudennäkymiä : Future of life science faculties and universities -seminaarin 5.3.2008 puheenvuorot
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Academic writing for international students of business
Hybrid practices? : contributions to the debate on the mutation of science and university
Appropriate technology : tools, choices and implications
Knowledge, space, economy
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Geography and inequality
The Role of mobile phones in empowering rural residents : study in Katakwi district, Uganda
The potential of location intelligence solutions in Finland : towards combining geographical information system and business intelligence
Report from the Seminar on the changing role of rural population, 04.-07.08.1978, Helsinki, Viikki
Research in Finland : a history
Journal of dairy science
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Epidemiology and enhanced control of Potato virus Y in high grade seed potato production
The use of historical source-material in the study of the history of learning in ethnography : with reference to Gösta Grotenfelt's ethnographic dissertation submitted for the chair of agriculture of the University of Helsinki
Recent changes in the agricultural geography of Finland
Statistical tables for biological, agricultural and medical research
Diversifying foreign trade as a risk insurance device : from cold war bilateral trade to globalized markets
Building sustainable livelihoods during post-conflict recovery : a study of skills training in Jendema, Sierra Leone
Manufacturing in Venezuela : studies on development and location
Where science meets its use : - Exploring the emergence of the practical relevance of scientific knowledge in the regional context
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Agricultural zoology for students in Africa
Health system financing reforms and its impact on access to health care in low and lower middle income countries of WHO European Region : a systematic review
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Enabling experiences - the role of operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
The geography of the European Community
Microtubule and replication vesicle associations of the potyviral HCpro protein
An economic geography of the Scandinavian states and Finland
University engagements and regional specialisation : comparative case study on regional engagements of universities in Finland and Sri Lanka and lessons learned
Logics of dislocation : models, metaphors, and meanings of economic space
NOVA University network 10 years
Knowledge for sustainable development : an insight into the Encyclopedia of Life Support Systems
Essays on migration
The geography of transport systems
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Agricultural and veterinary sciences international who's who
Maatalous 45:3, yleinen maatalouslaskenta v. 1950 = Lanthushållning = 1950 census of agriculture. Osa = Del = Part 3, Metsälötilasto = Skogsbruksenhetsstatistik = Statistics of forest enterprises
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Agricultural and food science in Finland
Location in space : a theoretical approach to economic geography
Applying insights from production theory and frontier estimation to sustainability assessment in agriculture
Agricultural commodity markets and trade : new approaches to analyzing market structure and instability
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Accounting for population admixture in genomic evaluations
Tutors as mediators of exchange student experiences : evaluation of the interantional student tutor system at the University of Turku
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
The third transformation of Japan : an institutional narrative on agglomeration economies in abenomics
Clustering of occupational injuries, diseases, and disability in Finnish farmers : an opportunity for targeted prevention
Brazil : a new regional power in the world-economy
Molecular control of the yearly growth cycle in wild strawberry
Study guide
Current state of and prospects for selection in reindeer husbandry
Development and application of Tobacco rattle virus induced gene silencing in Gerbera hybrida
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Department of Agricultural Sciences publications
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to economic geography
Agricultural and food science
Geography : a modern synthesis
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Globalization and African economics
OECD economic outlook
The history of agricultural science and technology : an international annotated bibliography
When disciplinary worlds collide : the organizational ecology of disciplines in a university department
