http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8437 population transfers
population transfers
Churchill's children : the evacuee experience in wartime Britain
The long Earth
Capitalism : a ghost story
Deportation and exile : poles in the Soviet Union, 1939-48
The economics of involuntary resettlement : questions and challenges
The guiding principles on internal displacement and their potential as customary international law
Population processes and policies
Against their will : the history and geography of forced migrations in the USSR
Migration, homeland, and belonging in Eurasia
Mass expulsion in modern international law and practice
Documents on the expulsion of the Sudeten Germans
How mineral-based industrial development marginalizes and displaces people in India : three case studies
The Sami of the Kola Peninsula : about the life of an ethnic minority in the Soviet Union
Cannibal Island : death in a Siberian gulag
Uprooted : how Breslau became Wrocław during the century of expulsions
Where the Jews aren't : the sad and absurd story of Birobidzhan, Russia's autonomous region
Weapons of mass migration : forced displacement, coercion, and foreign policy
Domicide : the global destruction of home
What is existential anthropology?
Development and displacement
Removing peoples : forced removal in the modern world
"From the poisoned rivers, barren wells, and clear-cut forests, to the hundreds of thousands of farmers who have committed suicide to escape punishing debt, to the hundreds of millions of people who live on less than two dollars a day, there are ghosts nearly everywhere you look in India. India is a nation of 1.2 billion, but the country's 100 richest people own assets equivalent to one-fourth of India's gross domestic product. Capitalism: A Ghost Story examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India, and shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people to the highest and most intense forms of racism and exploitation. "--
Climate change and displacement : multidisciplinary perspectives
Gendered perspectives on rehabilitation after involuntary resettlement in urban Sri Lanka
Homelands : war, population and statehood in Eastern Europe and Russia, 1918-1924
The Siberian curse : how communist planners left Russia out in the cold
Palestinian village histories : geographies of the displaced
Exile, colonial space, and deterritorialized people in Eastern Indonesian history
"Communism - to the international tribunal"
People on the move : forced population movements in Europe in the Second World War and its aftermath
European population transfers 1939-1945
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
The construction of communities in the early Middle Ages : texts, resources and artefacts
"Tear the evil from the root" : the children of the spetspereselentsy of the North
Violent conflicts and threatened lives : Nicaraguan experiences of wartime displacement and postwar distress
Involuntary resettlement
"The story of the Jews in twentieth-century Russia as told through the strange history of the Soviet solution to the Jewish question. In 1929, the Soviet Union declared the area of Birobidzhan a homeland for Jews. In the late 1920s and early 1930s, tens of thousands of Jews moved to Birobidzhan, chased from the shtetl by poverty, hunger, and fear. Birobidzhan was written about breathlessly by a small group of intellectuals who envisioned a home built by Jews for Jews--a place where Jews worked the land and where Yiddish would become the common language of a post-oppression Jewish culture. The short period of state-building ended in the late 1930s with arrests and purges of the Communist Party and cultural elite. After the Second World War, Birobidzhan, now called the "Jewish Autonomous Region," received a new influx of Jews. These were the dispossessed from what had once been the Pale, and most of them had lost families in the Holocaust. They had no one and no place to return to. Once again, in the late 1940s, a wave of arrests swept through Birobidzhan, frightening the Jews into silence and making them invisible. WHERE THE JEWS AREN'T is the story of the dream of Birobidzhan--and how it became a nightmare. In Masha Gessen's haunting and haunted account, Birobidzhan becomes the cracked and crooked mirror that allows us to see the story of the history of absence and silence that is the story of Jews in twentieth-century Russia"--
Reshaping tomorrow : is South Asia ready for the big leap?
The last of the cosmopolitans
European refugees: 1939-52 : a study in forced population movement
The ethnic cleansing of Palestine
With dance shoes in Siberian snows
Yupik transitions : change and survival at Bering Strait, 1900-1960
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
The Heimat abroad : the boundaries of Germanness
Persistent peasants : smallholders, state agencies and involuntary migration in Western Venezuela
Persist or perish : Soviet Russia destroying Baltic peoples
Conquest and land in Ireland : the transplantation to Connacht, 1649-1680
Conservation and mobile indigenous peoples : displacement, forced settlement, and sustainable development
Protracted displacement in Asia : no place to call home
Fires of hatred : ethnic cleansing in twentieth-century Europe
Victims of Yalta
Big dams, displaced people : rivers of sorrow rivers of change
China's sent-down generation : public administration and the legacies of Mao's rustication program
The river dragon has come! : the Three Gorges Dam and the fate of China's Yangtze River and its people
Lost communities, living memories : remembering forced removals in Cape Town
Forgotten voices : the expulsion of the Germans from Eastern Europe after World War II
A clean sweep? : the politics of ethnic cleansing in western Poland, 1945-1960
The spirit of the laws : the plunder of wealth in the Armenian genocide
Internally displaced persons compilation and analysis of legal norms
Deportation of Poles on the eve of World War II : the framework of Soviet forced expulsion of nationalities
The Russian North : the rise, evolution and current condition of state settlement policy
Twice a stranger : the mass expulsions that forged modern Greece and Turkey
Nationalizing the Russian Empire : the campaign against enemy aliens during World War I
International migration systems : a global approach
State identities and the homogenisation of peoples
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Finches of Mars
Displaced : the human cost of development and resettlement
War stories : : the search for a usable past in the Federal Republic of Germany
The village and the class war : anti-kulak campaign in Estonia
The end of the Second World War in Europe gave way to a gigantic refugee crisis. Thoroughly prepared by Allied military planners, the swift repatriation of millions of former forced laborers, concentration camp inmates and prisoners of war nearly brought this dramatic episode top a close. Yet in September 1945, the number of displaced persons placed under the guardianship of Allied armies and relief agencies in occupied Germany amounted to 1.5 million. A costly burden for the occupying powers, the Jewish, Polish, Ukrainian, Yugoslav and Baltic DPs unwilling to return to their countries of origin presented a complex international problem. Massed in refugee camps stretched from Northern Germany to Sicily, the DPs had become long-term asylum seekers. Based on the records of the International Refugee Organization, this book describes how the European DP crisis impinged on the shape of the postwar order. The DP question directly affected the outbreak of the Cold War; the transformation of the "West" into a new geopolitical entity; the conduct of political purges and retribution; the ideology and methods of modern humanitarian interventions; the appearance of international agencies and non-governmental organizations; the emergence of an international human rights system; the organization of migration movements and the redistribution of "surplus populations"; the advent of Jewish nationhood; and postwar categorizations of political and humanitarian refugees.
Places of pain : forced displacement, popular memory, and trans-local identities in Bosnian war-torn communities
Victims of Yalta : the secret betrayal of the allies, 1944-1947
Expelling the Germans : British opinion and post-1945 population transfer in context
Modernisation in the 1940s and 1950s in the part of Karelia that was annexed from Finland on 13 March 1940
The deportation of peoples in the Soviet Union
Comanches : The History of a People
Nemesis at Potsdam : the Anglo-Americans and the expulsion of the Germans : background, execution, consequences
Scattered : the forced relocation of Poland's Ukrainians after World War II
Resettlement and irrigation schemes as keys to development? : the case of new halfa agricultural scheme, Sudan
"This series of essays examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India. The book also shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people around the world to the highest and most intense forms of racism and and exploitation"--
Warlands : population resettlement and state reconstruction in the Soviet-East European borderlands, 1945-50
Czechoslovak diplomacy and the gulag : deportation of Czechoslovak citizens to the USSR and the negotiation for their repatriation, 1945-1953
Justice at the expense of morality? : extraditions of citizens of the Soviet Union from Finland, 1944-1955
Redrawing nations : ethnic cleansing in East-Central Europe, 1944-1948
"Although displacement is commonly associated with refugees fleeing conflict, millions of people are resettled every year in the name of development and progress. Many of these individuals endure social and cultural disruption as well as economic upheaval, and a significant number never regain their former quality of life. Despite this, the voices of those with direct experience of displacement are rarely heard. Displaced seeks to redress this, bringing together oral histories that reveal the loss of cultural continuity and identity, shifts in family responsibilities and gender roles, and fractured relationships between generations that are just some of the challenges people face as they attempt to rebuild lives and communities. Although these narratives are suffused with regret and a sense of loss, they also demonstrate resourcefulness and resilience in the face of profound change. Development's social cost continues to be under-reported; these stories are a crucial reminder of its often devastating consequences"--
Displacement and resettlement : the livelihoods of resettlers and hosts in Western Oromia, Ethiopia
The politicisation of migration
Memories and reflections of the dispossessed : a collection of memoirs for the 60th anniversary of the Czechoslovak-Hungarian population exchange
The Crimean Tatars : from Soviet genocide to Putin's conquest
The Soviet deportation of nationalities
The Oxford handbook of refugee and forced migration studies
Development-induced displacement : problems, policies and people
Population losses in Estonia's Saaremaa county as a result of the first Soviet occupation
Mass deportations of population from the Soviet occupied Baltic states : On the occasion of the 40th anniversary of first deporrtations of Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians
Questioning slavery
Not born a refugee woman : contesting identities, rethinking practices
Understanding the Turkish-Armenian controversy over 1915
In war's wake : Europe's displaced persons in the postwar order
International migration into Europe : from subjects to abjects
Abstract.
When people have to move away : resettlement as part of erosion control in Nacala, Mozambique
Did the east belong to the SS? : the realism of the SS demographic reorganization policy in the light of the germanization operation of SS- and Polizeiführer Odilo Globocnik
Mid-17th-century Ireland experienced a revolution in landholding. This title presents a reassessment of one of the most devastating episodes in Irish history.
Remembering Karelia : a family's story of displacement during and after the Finnish wars
The exchange of minorities : Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey
A stolen youth, a stolen homeland : memoirs
Eestist 1945-1953 küüditatute nimekiri = Name list of persons deported from Estonia 1945-1953
Germans from the East : a study of their migration, resettlement, and subsequent group history since 1945
Sharing the life of Other Mexico : the way to autonomous San Juan Copala : for the living memory of Jyri Jaakkola
The biopolitics of Stalinism : ideology and life in Soviet socialism
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
Gulag voices : an anthology
The tragedy of the Baltic states : A report compiled from official documents and eyewitnesses stories
Siberia : Mass deportations from Lithuania to the USSR
No place to rest : forced removals and the law in South Africa
Savage continent : Europe in the aftermath of World War II
Borderities and the politics of contemporary mobile borders
Displacement, Resistance and the Critique of Development : from the Grass-Roots to the Global (RSC working paper)
Communist takeover and occupation of Estonia : special report no.3 of the select committee on communist aggression. House of representatives, eighty-third congress, second session, under authority of H. Res. 346 and H. Res. 438.
Exile and identity : Polish women in the Soviet Union during World War II
From recognition to restoration : Latvia's history as a nation-state
Climate change and human mobility : global challenges to the social sciences
Access to rural land and land administration after violent conflicts
