http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8436 evacuation
evacuation
Bomb threat : a guide to bomb threat awareness for organizations
War child : children caught in conflict
The lion and the unicorn
Escape from the Third Reich : Folke Bernadotte and the white buses
Operation Sea lion : Hitler's plot to invade England
Reminiscences of war memories
Weedflower
Tommy Glover's sketch of heaven
Children of the Benares : a war crime and its victims
The positive elements in the integration process of the evacuated Karelians in Finland : a narrative inquiry
Spec ops : the line : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
The home front
Comprehensive emergency management : evacuating threatened populations
The next war in the air : Britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941
Uprooted from Karelia
The ordeal of the Hermitage : the siege of Leningrad 1941 - 1944 / text by Sergei Varshavsky and Boris Rest
The children of the King
Through the eyes of innocents : children witness World War II
English summaries.
Data collection and analysis of evacuation situations
In September 1939 nearly 400,000 children were evacuated from London, followed by many more from other cities in the UK. Many of them were unaccompanied, and for most it was the first time away from home and their parents. Yet this well-known disruption of childhood was a drop in the ocean compared to the effect of conflict on children throughout the world. Children have always been the victims of war, and this fascinating new history examines the effects of conflict on the Russian War Children during the Leningrad Siege, children in Germany during the Holocaust and the children in more recent conflicts in West Africa, among many others. Taking first-hand accounts from survivors, diaries and authentic war documents, this eye-opening history reflects the untold story of hundreds of thousands of children whose lives were affected by the horrors of war. It covers children in UK and overseas including Germany and the influence of the Hitler Youth, the movement of Finnish children to Sweden, children of the Leningrad Siege, Dutch collaborators, Vietnam War and present-day West Africa. It also uses first-hand accounts and diaries.
Churchill's children : the evacuee experience in wartime Britain
The Woman in Black : Angel of Death
Pedestrian behavior in evacuations : simulation models and experiments
4th International Sandis Workshop : 13-17 December, 2010, Valkeakoski, Finland : proceedings
It's the Second World War and, with London becoming an increasingly dangerous place to live, the Lockwood children are whisked away to Heron Hall, to stay with their Uncle Peregrine in the countryside. But when they discover two strange boys hiding in a nearby derelict castle, the past and present collide. Can those in the present learn from the troubles of the past? Covering two dramatic periods in English history, The children of the King deals sensitively with themes such as loss, grief, family, friendships, war and power.
Uprooted Americans : the Japanese Americans and the War Relocation Authority during World War II
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 2
The Alexander memoirs 1940-1945
The war that saved my life
People flow in buildings : evacuation experiments and modelling of elevator passenger traffic
Preparedness and response for catastrophic disasters
Children's colonies
The distant hours
Moving Finnish houses : the knowledge of objects in former Finnish Karelia
The amazing story of Adolphus Tips
Främlingar i eget land = Muukalaisina omassa maassaan = Strangers in their own country
Disaster evacuation and the tourist industry
Spec ops : the line : PlayStation 3
Time to say goodbye
A village in crisis : Finnish Lapland in the war years, 1939-45
Development and validation of FDS+Evac for evacuation simulations : project summary report
A young disabled girl and her brother are evacuated from London to the English countryside during World War II, where they find life to be much sweeter away from their abusive mother / WorldCat.
A day in the life of a world war II evacuee
Kannas = [The Isthmus]
Pedestrian and evacuation dynamics
The drought
