http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8434 light music
light music
Classic Judy Garland : the Capitol years 1955-1965
The Frank Sinatra scrapbook : His life and times in words and pictures
The very best of Ronnie Hilton
L.A. is my lady
The best of the music makers
My Way : [An Autobiography]
Life is a gift : the zen of Bennett
The Premiere collection encore
The Barbra Streisand collection
This is the sound of irony : music, politics and popular culture
Irish album
Sinatra sings Cole Porter
This is Sinatra!
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
Welcome
A swingin' affair!
Who's sorry now?
Encyclopedia of hits : the 1950s
The life that late he led : a biography of Cole Porter
Measuring music artist success
From Broadway to Hollywood : the musical and the cinema
The real... Dean Martin : the ultimate Dean Martin collection
The big new Christmas songbook : singalong lyrics to 20 all-time great Christmas hits!
The Barbra Streisand album
Rediscovered
Cry me a river
16 most requested songs
Memoirs
Rock opera : The creation of Jesus Christ Superstar from record album to Broadway show and motion picture
The look of love : the classic songs of Burt Bacharach
While we're young : original recordings 1950-1955
Cabaret Berlin: revue, kabarett and film music between the wars
Neil Diamond is forever : the illustrated story of the man and his music
The third album
Black coffee : the best of Peggy Lee
The greatest songs of the sixties
Dusty : an intimate portrait of a musical legend
The Best of Caterina Valente : original sound recording
You'll never know : 24 hits!
She shot me down
Swing easy
My foolish heart : original recordings 1945-1951
"Do you remember the idea of like being like just I don't know who you are" : the discursive construction of M.I.A's alternative artist identity on QTV interview and its authentication in YouTube commentary
What about today?
That's all : a lush, romantic album
Heartbreaker
Serge Gainsbourg : a view from the exterior
Romancing the world : a biography of Il Divo
Gift of Love
Falling in love is wonderful
Show music on record : the first 100 years
A century of American popular music : 2000 best-loved and remembered songs (1899-1999)
Irving Berlin and ragtime America
The use of irony in music is just beginning to be defined and critiqued, although it has been used, implied and decried by composers, performers, listeners and critics for centuries. Irony in popular music is especially worthy of study because it is pervasive, even fundamental to the music, the business of making music and the politics of messaging. Contributors to this collection address a variety of musical ironies found in the 'notes themselves,' in the text or subtext, and through performance, reception and criticism. The chapters explore the linkages between irony and the comic, the tragic, the remembered, the forgotten, the co-opted, and the resistant. From the nineteenth to twenty-first centuries, through America, Europe and Asia, this provocative range of ironies course through issues of race, religion, class, the political left and right, country, punk, hip hop, folk, rock, easy listening, opera and the technologies that make possible our pop music experience. This interdisciplinary volume creates new methodologies and applies existing theories of irony to musical works that have made a cultural or political impact through the use of this most multifaceted of devices.
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Evergreen : and 100 great love songs
Gainsbourg : the biography
The Revised compleat Sinatra : Discography, Filmography, Television Appearances, Motion Picture Appearances, Radio Appearances, Concert Appearances, Stage Appearances
Children's book of music
Over the top and back
My foolish heart
As time goes by : the great American songbook. Volume II
All the things you are : the life of Tony Bennett
Without Your Love
Let's talk about love : a journey to the end of taste
Vivere : the best of Andrea Bocelli
The Carpenters : the untold story : an authorized biography
Dead Elvis : A chronicle of a cultural obsession
Celebration
Wind beneath my wings
Sinatra : behind the legend
Elvis : His life from A to Z
Mario Lanza : An American tragedy : a biography
Onstage offstage
Some enchanted evening
Nina Simone : break down & let it all out
You're the voice : Matt Monroe. Piano, vocal, guitar
The little black book of solid gold hits
Even now
The colour of my love
At last : Songs from the heart
This is Sinatra. Volume two
It had to be you... : the great American songbook
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
The best of... : the great American songbook
Sinatra sings... of love and things
Sammy Davis, Jr. sings Laurindo Almeida plays
Very best of Harry Belafonte
Let the angels do the dreaming
Mack The Knife : the best of Bobby Darin volume two
Faces of salsa : a spoken history of music
Greatest hits 1979-1990
Till I loved you
Hello gorgeous : becoming Barbra Streisand
Michael Bublé : the biography
Point of no return
The Eurovision song contest 50 years : the official history
Engelbert : What's in a name?
The classic Lena Horne
America's mistress : the life and times of Eartha Kitt
You're the voice : Michael Bublé. Piano, vocal, guitar
This is my song : a biography of Petula Clark
The love songs
The ultimate collection : 10 great songs
Lena : A biography of Lena Horne
All time top 1000 albums
The essential
Eurovision Song Contest Helsinki 2007 : official program
Together again
Isoäidin soittorasia = Grandmother's Superpolyphon
That's life
Ol' blue eyes is back
Masters of contemporary Brazilian song : mpb 1965-1985
Rawhide's Clint Eastwood sings cowboy favorites
A matter of time
Songs for young lovers
I remember Tommy
The playground
Young Tony
Jazz in the charts : accompanying book = Begleitbuch : complete index for the 100 CD series - 2211 tracks = komplettes Register zur 100 CD Serie - 2211 Tracks
The greatest hits : This is my life
Roses of Picardy
Where are you?
September of my years ; arranged and conducted by Gordon Jenkins
We'll meet again : the very best of Vera Lynn
Yes indeed! ; The fabulous hits of..
Sinatra sings great songs from Great Britain
Memories : a collection of 18 timeless classics
Cliffhistory
Marshall & Alexander
Frank : the voice
My name is Barbra, two..
My favorite time of the year / Dionne Warwick
