http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p844 cosmetic surgery
cosmetic surgery
Reflecting on cosmetic surgery : body image, shame and narcissism
Venus envy : a history of cosmetic surgery
Peels and chemical exfoliation
Nose reconstructions have been common in India for centuries. South Korea, Brazil, and Israel have become international centers for procedures ranging from eyelid restructuring to buttock lifts and tummy tucks. Argentina has the highest rate of silicone implants in the world. Around the globe, aesthetic surgery has become a cultural and medical fixture. Sander Gilman seeks to explain why by presenting the first systematic world history and cultural theory of aesthetic surgery. Touching on subjects as diverse as getting a "nose job" as a sweet-sixteen birthday present and the removal of male breasts in seventh-century Alexandria, Gilman argues that aesthetic surgery has such universal appeal because it helps people to "pass," to be seen as a member of a group with which they want to or need to identify. Gilman begins by addressing basic questions about the history of aesthetic surgery. What surgical procedures have been performed? Which are considered aesthetic and why? Who are the patients? What is the place of aesthetic surgery in modern culture? He then turns his attention to that focus of countless human anxieties: the nose. Gilman discusses how people have reshaped their noses to repair the ravages of war and disease (principally syphilis), to match prevailing ideas of beauty, and to avoid association with negative images of the "Jew," the "Irish," the "Oriental," or the "Black." He examines how we have used aesthetic surgery on almost every conceivable part of the body to try to pass as younger, stronger, thinner, and more erotic. Gilman also explores some of the extremes of surgery as personal transformation, discussing transgender surgery, adult circumcision and foreskin restoration, the enhancement of dueling scars, and even a performance artist who had herself altered to resemble the Mona Lisa.
Disorders of fat and cellulite : advances in diagnosis and treatment
Plastic surgery obsession : Brazil's Dr. Ivo Pitanguy triggered it all
Brand image of a company providing aesthetic surgery services
Skintight : an anatomy of cosmetic surgery
Concise manual of cosmetic dermatologic surgery
A heroic male and a beautiful woman : Teemu Mäki, Orlan and the ambivalence of the grotesque body / Annamari Vänskä
Body work : beauty and self-image in American culture
Geometry of design : studies in proportion and composition
Skin care beyond the basics
Look at me
The age fix : how to really look 10 years younger
Cara Phillips : singular beauty
Injectable fillers in aesthetic medicine
Beauty and the beast
Skin care practices and clinical protocols : a professional's guide to success in any environment
"Alterations in the amount of subcutaneous fat lead to significant changes in appearance, whether from excess (as seen in bodily obesity) or in loss of fat (as seen in facial lipodystrophy associated with the aging process). This book incorporates the current knowledge of the physiology of fat with the numerous treatment modalities available today; it will be an important review and reference source for any practitioner dealing with the cosmetic treatment of adipose tissue and cellulite"--Provided by publisher.
Making the body beautiful : a cultural history of aesthetic surgery
Strategies of resistance : body, identity, and representation in Western culture
Dubious equalities and embodied differences : cultural studies on cosmetic surgery
Platelet-Rich Plasma : Regenerative medicine: sports medicine, orthopedic, and recovery of musculoskeletal injuries
Lasers and light therapy
Practices of cosmetic surgery have grown exponentially in recent years in both over-developed and developing worlds. What comprises cosmetic surgery has also changed, with a plethora of new procedures and an extraordinary rise of non-surgical operations. As the practices of cosmetic surgery have multiplied and diversified, so have feminist approaches to understanding them. For the first time leading feminist scholars including Susan Bordo, Kathy Davis, Vivian Sobchack and Kathryn Pauly Morgan, have been brought together in this comprehensive volume to reveal the complexity of feminist engagements with the phenomenon that still remains vastly more popular among women. Offering a diversity of theoretical, methodological and political approaches Cosmetic Surgery: A Feminist Primer presents not only the latest, cutting-edge research in this field but a challenging and unique approach to the issue that will be of key interest to researchers across the social sciences and humanities.
The youth equation : Take 10 years of your face
Cosmetic surgery, gender and culture
Standing out
A great big shining star
Medical tourism - benefits and risk : a guide of awareness on undergoing cosmetic procedures abroad
Cosmetic surgery and rites of passage in Korean society : a study on cosmetic surgeries after the university entrance exam
Essentials of medical aesthetics : clinical and scientific skin care & rejuvenation
Chemical peels
Cosmetic surgery and the aesthetician
Includes brief biographies of the world's most famous aesthetic surgeons, with a chapter on Ivo Pitanguy.
The beauty myth : how images of beauty are used against women
Cuttingedge
Enhancing human traits : ethical and social implications
Aesthetic surgery
The professional make-up artist : motion pictures, television, print, theatre
Flesh wounds : the culture of cosmetic surgery
Reshape your definition
Surgery junkies : wellness and pathology in cosmetic culture
Aesthetics exposed : mastering skin care in a medical setting and beyond
Cosmetic surgery : a feminist primer
Beauty stalks us with a condescending eye. From television screens to magazines, shop windows to billboards, there is hardly a face or figure that hasn't been trimmed, polished, or reinvented to beleaguer us with an increasingly unattainable paradigm of physical beauty. Here Cara Phillips explores the reassuring environments and ominous implements of cosmetic surgery. The book provides a voyeuristic view into the pristine temples of physical transformation while simultaneously offering an insightful critique of our culture of narcissism. -- [Ideabooks]
Ageless beauty : an insider's guide to advanced alternatives to plastic surgery
The objective of the thesis was to research the brand image of an aesthetic surgery provider (private hospital) among women aged 25-75 years old living in the Suur-Helsinki area. The intention was to find out how well people are aware of this service provider, what kind of values and personality treats are linked to it and how relevant it is to the study's target group. The theoretical framework was formed from the concepts of brand, brand image and its' elements and formation, services and purchase process of services. The central topics in relation to the aesthetic service provider's brand image this study are awareness, relevance, trust, values, personality traits and future intentions. The study was conducted in the form of an Internet-based e-mail questionnaire, which was sent to 22 000 potential respondents through MTV3's service called Sähköpostisuora. The total number of respondents was 1750. The research methodology was quantitative. The results indicated that respondents were well aware of the company and that they would consider it as a service provider if they were thinking about using aesthetic surgery services. The personality traits and qualities linked to the service provider were generally positive, but the data indicated as well that there is a large number of people who do not have any type of image about the service provider. In conclusion, the service provider has a good position in the market, but they might consider targeting marketing efforts more efficiently to over 45 years olds, as they seem to be a bit less aware of the service provider. Also bringing service providers values and competitive advantages more clearly forth in their advertising and other marketing could be a good idea for the target group to be able to form a clear image of the company.
Medical tourism and transnational health care
Botox, Dysport, Dermal fillers, and sclerotherapy
Surgery of the skin : procedural dermatology
Cosmetic surgery : the cutting edge of commercial medicine in America
"Cosmetic surgery represents an extreme form of modern grooming. It is the fastest growing medical specialty, yet misconceptions abound about those who undertake it and their reasons for doing so. With a grounded approach, engaging 30 women through in-depth interview, this study explores how they chose cosmetic surgery as an option. Their accounts frame a theoretical discussion, in which Northrop proposes that cosmetic surgery is initiated within the vulnerable and divisive relationship between the self and its poor body image. Poor body image and the attempt at its reparation are examined conceptually through shame and narcissism. With compelling case studies and a multi-disciplinary approach, Reflecting on Cosmetic Surgery demonstrates that shame constitutes a framework through which we formulate appearance norms and learn the art of becoming socially embodied. Shame concerns the self, but manifests in response to perceived social phenomena. Through the evaluation and amendment of body image with cosmetic surgery, notions of self and social worthiness are played out. Northrop argues convincingly for a review of the way in which we view narcissism and proposes that shame, and the discomforts arising from it, are implicated in its occurrence. This book will appeal to students and scholars across the social sciences, and particularly in women's studies and gender studies".
Cosmetic applications of laser & light-based systems
Making the cut : how cosmetic surgery is transforming our lives
