http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8445 deep-sea areas
deep-sea areas
Ships from the depths : deepwater archaeology
Report and documentation of the Expert Consultation on Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Bangkok, Thailand, 21-23 November 2006.
Realms of the sea
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 25
Marine biology : an ecological approach
Creatures of the deep
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 27
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 1, The alcyonarians of the deep sea
International guidelines for the management of deep-sea fisheries in the high seas = Directives internationales sur la gestion de la pêche profonde en haute mer = Directrices internacionales para la ordenación de las pesquerías de aquas profundas en alta mar
Environmental risks from large-scale ecological research in the deep sea : a desk study : prepared for Commission of the European Communities, Directorate-General for Science, Research and Development under contract no. MAS2-CT94-0086, Bremerhaven 1997
Deep Atlantic : life, death, and exploration in the abyss
Report of the Second Ad hoc Meeting on Management of Deepwater Fisheries Resources of the Southern Indian Ocean : Fremantle, Western Australia, 20-22 May 2002.
Report on the scientific results of the 'Michael Sars' North Atlantic deep-sea expedition 1910
The biology of the deep ocean
Deep Sea 2003 : conference on the governance and management of deep-sea fisheries. Part 1, Conference reports
Deep Sea 2003 : conference on the governance and management of deep-sea fisheries. Part 2, Conference poster papers and workshop papers
Blue hope : exploring and caring for earth's magnificent ocean
Report of the Ad hoc Meeting on Management of Deepwater Fisheries Resources of the Southern Indian Ocean : Swakopmund, Namibia, 30 May-1 June 2001.
Starfish
Feeding and trophic structure of the deep-sea macrobenthos
South Pacific : Etelämeren ulapoilla
Modern ocean crusing : boats, gear and crews surveyed
Top dive sites of the Caribbean
Conservation and adaptive management of seamount and deep-sea coral ecosystems
Come aboard
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 24
Crane innovation gets to the bottom of the deepwater challenge
Ecosystems of the deep oceans
Handbook of deep-sea hydrothermal vent fauna
Report on the taxonomy, biogeography and phylogeny of mostly living benthic Ostracoda (Crustacea) from deep-sea samples (intermeadiate water depths) from the Challenge Plateau (Tasman Sea) and Campbell Plateau (Southern Ocean), New Zealand : a TASQWA Project report : quaternary variability of water masses in the southern Tasman Sea and the Southern Ocean
How the ocean works : an introduction to oceanography
Ocean ridges and trenches
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 26, Deep water Pyramidelloidea of the Tropical South Pacific : Turbonilla and related genera
Essentials of oceanography
Top dive sites of the world
Fishing vessel execution of acoustic surveys of deep-sea species : main issues and way forward
Best dive sites of the world
The Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas provides states and other interested parties with a summary of the current status of high seas bottom fisheries worldwide based on the best information available, including responses to an FAO questionnaire sent to high seas fishing states, the European Community and relevant regional fisheries management organizations. It contains reviews of bottom fisheries in the high seas in the following regions: the North East and North West Atlantic, the Mediterranean, the South East and South West Atlantic, the North and South Pacific, the Indian Ocean and the Southern Ocean. Fisheries are described in terms of fleets, catch and effort, and main species caught, with due consideration being given to the location of fishing activities. This document was prepared in response to the request by the FAO Committee on Fisheries (COFI) and related consideration of the issue of bottom fisheries on the high seas by the United Nations General Assembly in Resolution 61/105 on Sustainable Fisheries adopted in December 2006. It also aims at assisting in the implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-sea Fisheries in the High Seas by providing background information and highlighting gaps in the available data. According to the findings of this review, 285 vessels were active in the high seas bottom fisheries worldwide in 2006. The total catch of this fleet has been estimated to about 250 000 tonnes valued at EUR 450 million (landed value). For various reasons discussed in the report, these are to be considered minimal estimates.
Review of the state of world marine fishery resources
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 23
Cool waters Emerald seas : diving in temperate waters
The deep : the extraordinary creatures of the abyss
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
Report of the FAO Workshop on the Implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : challenges and ways forward, Busan, Republic of Korea, 10-12 May 2010
Report of the Workshop on Deep-Sea Species Identification : Rome, Italy 2-4 December 2009.
Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas
Secrets of the seas : a journey into the heart of the oceans
Blue water racing
