http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8447 parapsychologists
parapsychologists
Science : good, bad and bogus
Encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers and more
Sense and nonsense in psychology
Hints on mediumistic development
Ghouls live among us, the same as normal people in every way... except their craving for human flesh.
Mike Mignola's Hellboy and the B.P.R.D.. 1953
Science and the supernatural
The crisis in parapsychology : stagnation or progress?
Synchronity : an acausal connecting principle
The pattern of health : a search for a greater understanding of the life force in health and disease
International journal of parapsychology
The déjà vu enigma : a journey through the anomalies of mind, memory, and time
The personality of man : new facts and their significance
Physicists in parapsychology : essays
Advances in parapsychological research. 8
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 8 : [Last breath]
Searchlight on psychical research
Encyclopedia of the occult : a guide to every aspect of occult lore, belief, and practice
The men who stare at goats
The cultic milieu : oppositional subcultures in an age of globalization
Tokyo ghoul. 10
Foundations of parapsychology : exploring the boundaries of human capability
Other lives, other selves : a Jungian psychotherapist discovers past lives
Pseudoscience and the paranormal : a critical examination of the evidence
Telling tales of the unexpected : the organization of factual discourse
New world of the mind
Light : a journal of psychical, occult, and mystical research
Natural and supernatural : a history of the paranormal from earliest times to 1914
Parapsychology : research on exceptional experiences
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 5 : [Mystery man]
Dancing with the uninvited guest
Entangled minds : extrasensory experiences in a quantum reality
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 4 : [Brothers in hate]
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 6 : [Life and death]
How to use a ouija board : communication with the spirit world
Science and supernature : a critical appraisal of parapsychology
Proceedings of the first international conference of parapsychological studies
Survival magazine : incorporating Immortality and Survival : Survival League
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 7 : [Death struggle]
The greater world
A decade of research with a selected esp subject: an overview and reappraisal of the work with Pavel Stepanek
Parapsychology : a concise history
The history of spiritualism. 1
Bibliograpyhy of parapsychology
Red Cloud's journal : the magazine for those interested in spiritualism
Treatise on parapsychology : essay on the scientific interpretation of the human phenomena known as 'supernatural'
World spiritualism and the International Spiritualist Federation (Fédération spirite internationale)
Coincidences and paranormal belief
Proceedings of four conferences of parapsychological studies
Haunted people : story of the poltergeist down the centuries
The psychology of the psychic
Newsletter of the Parapsychology Foundation, Inc
Facts : the official organ of the Friendship Centre
The history of spiritualism. 2
ESP and parapsychology : a critical reevaluation
The mystical life : an outline of its nature and teachings from the evidence of direct experience
Principles and practice of radiesthesia : a textbook for practitioners and students
The international psychic gazette
The end of Borley Rectory : the most haunted house in England
The Healer's handbook : a journey into hyperspace
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 3 : [Only human]
Skeptical inquirer : Helsinki
Spiritual and mental healing
Occult review : a monthly magazine devoted to the investigation of supernormal phenomena and the study of psychological problems
Obituary, the "Hodgson report" on madame Blavatsky 1885-1960 : re-examination discredits the major charges against H. P. Blavatsky
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 2 : [Dangerous thoughts]
Illusion town
Journal of parapsychology
Psychic news : the spiritualist newspaper with th world's largest circulation
The phenomena of astral projection
ESP in life and lab : tracing hidden channels
ES eternal sabbath. Vol. 1 : [Mind control]
A glossary of terms used in parapsychology
Tomorrow
Journeys out of the body
History and philosophy of science. 30, Science and ESP
The spiritual brain : a neuroscientist's case for the existence of soul
Yours fraternally
Hellboy & The B.p.r.d.: 1953
365 ways to develop your psychic ability : simple tools to increase your intuition and clairvoyance
Parapsychology : frontier science of the mind : a survey of the field, the methods, and the facts of ESP and PK Research
Telepathic impressions : a review and report of thirty-five new cases
New Frontiers of the Mind
Human personality and its survival of bodily death
The conscious universe : the scientific truth of psychic phenomena
Parapsychology : the controversial science
Handbook of tests in parapsychology
Transmission : a meditation for the new age
The vital sense : the implications and explanation of the sixth sense
Paranormal borderlands of science
Encyclopedia of the unexplained : magic, occultism and parapsychology
Superminds : an enquiry in the paranormal
Parapsychology, philosophy, and spirituality : a postmodern exploration
Transactions of the fourth international congress for physical physical research : Athens 1930
Parapsychology : a scientific approach
