http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8444 seas
seas
The sea-stone sword
Good night, Little Rainbow Fish
There are two native subspecies of the great cormorant Phalacrocorax carbo in Europe: the mainly coastal nominate subspecies carbo, and the mainly continental subspecies sinensis. The population of the latter, in particular, has increased significantly in recent decades. Old literature records suggest that cormorants of some kind were breeding at the largest freshwater lake in Europe, Lake Ladoga, in the early part of the 20th century. A couple of specimens from this population were allegedly also collected; however, the current whereabouts of these specimens appear to be unknown. Recent studies have shown that both cormorant subspecies are ecologically fairly flexible and, therefore, breeding at a freshwater locality cannot by itself be regarded as evidence that they belonged to the continental subspecies sinensis. Thus, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty to which subspecies Lake Ladoga's cormorants belonged..
The key to creation
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
A global representative system of marine protected areas. Volume 3, Central Indian Ocean, Arabian Seas, East Africa and East Asian Seas
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Blue hope : exploring and caring for earth's magnificent ocean
A guide to marine pollution : Seminar in conjunction with the FAO technical conference on marine pollution and its effects on resource and fishing
Current status of the Baltic Sea
The Iranian threat to close the Strait of Hormuz : a violation of international law
Plankton and productivity in the oceans. Vol. 2, Zooplankton
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practices for Safety at Sea in the Fisheries Sector : Rome, 10-13 November 2008.
The snail and the whale
The sea inside
Baltic port barometer : port development in the Baltic Sea Region, views of the Baltic ports for the year..
Oceans : exploring the hidden depths of the underwater world
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Elevated concentrations of certain heavy metals: cadmium, lead, nickel, zink, copper, manganese and iron, were recorded from surface sediments close to two fish-farms at Nåtö, as were the concentrations of cadmium in liver, kidney, spleen and bile, of lead in kidney and spleen, of nickel in kidney and spleen, of zink in liver, kidney, gonads, spleen, of copper in liver, gonads, spleen, of manganese in kidney and gonads, of iron in spleen, of flounder, from Nåtö. For turbot only the concentrations of cadmium and copper in the kidneys, and of zink in gonads were noteworthy. In the soft tissue of Baltic clay-mussel elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from Nåtö Biological Station, lead, zink, copper, and iron, from both the station and the mouth of the former Nåtö sewage pipeline. Elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from soft tissue of blue-mussel from the Föglö fairway (close to the Föglö fish-farm), and from Kobbaklintar light-house island, where also the concentrations of manganese were notable, as were lead in mussels from the Nåtö Biological Station. Also for the cockle-mussel the concentrations of cadmium were elevated at Nåtö Biological Station. All flounders, however, were safe for e.g. human consumption.
Black Lagoon. 007
Investigating different migration patterns of Salmo trutta (L.) in the Teno river system using stable isotope analyses
Black Lagoon. 008
Readings in marine ecology
ABC Oceans
Folksongs of the Sea
Encyclopedia of marine animals
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
Oceanography
Philip's atlas of the oceans
The operational units approach for fisheries management in the Mediterranean Sea
BalticSeaNow.info : experiences in public involvement
Amazing animals ; ocean odyssey
Rainbow fish discovers the deep sea
H.M.S. London
Behemoth : seppuku
Extending the similarity theory for atmospheric boundary layers : contribution from background stratification
Brackish water ecosystems : proceedings of an ICES Symposium held in Helsinki, Finland 25-28 August 1998
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Realms of the sea
First encyclopedia of seas and oceans
Living and non-living in the ocean
Smiley Shark and the great big hiccup!
The ocean and its inhabitants with there uses to man
Marine cosmeceuticals : trends and prospects
Warranties in Marine Insurance
Oceans of the world : man's conquest of the sea
A global representative system of marine protected areas. Volume 1, Antarctic, Arctic, Mediterranean, Northwest Atlantic, Northeast Atlantic and Baltic
Hydror the ocean hunter
A Novel sediment pore water study in the central Gulf of Finland, the Baltic Sea
Summary.
Detecting Seasonal Changes in Benthic Fauna Composition Between Hanko and Tammisaari in the Baltic Sea
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Behemoth : B-Max
Under earth ; under water
Oceans : an atlas-history of man's exploration of the deep
Second periodic assessment of the state of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea, 1984-1988 : background document
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
The massive. [Volume 2] : Subcontinental
Advances in microbiology of the sea. Vol. 1
Conference report: historical infrastructure of the Baltic Sea : ways, reason and cosequences : 3rd meeting of the Austmarr Network, 5th-6th April 2013, Härnösand, Sweden
The sea : a celebration
Qyteti i gocave të detit = The city of sea shells
Redesign of transfer capabilities : studies in container shipping services
Tiddler the fish is always telling tall tales about why he is late for school, but when he is actually caught in a net and taken far from home, it is his stories that help him find his way back. (Bookwhere)
Marine ecotourism : between the devil and the deep blue sea
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Secrets of the seas : a journey into the heart of the oceans
The fish on your plate : why we eat what we eat from the sea
Ocean : a photicular book
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Ocean secrets
Seas and oceans
The Times atlas of the oceans
199 things under the sea
Consequences to large scale perturbations to marine ecosystems and their species composition
Fisheries oceanography : an integrative approach to fisheries ecology and management
pH Measurement in High Ionic Strength Brines : Calibration of a combined glass electrode to obtain accurate pH measurements for use in a coupled single pass SWRO boron removal model
Ocean science for the year 2000
Meret Oppenheim : defiance in the face of freedom
Set to sea
Global ocean surface temperature atlas "Gosta"
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
Tabularia waernii (Diatomophyceae) in the northern Baltic Sea
The massive. [Volume 3] : Longship
The Reaver
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
The map of all things
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Quality Management System as an Asset : Case Study: Small Enterprise in Global Turmoil
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Circumpolar Marine Workshop : November 28 / December 2, 1999 : report and recommendations
Convention on the protection of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea area : 6th meeting, Helsinki, 20 - 23 November 1979, report of the 6th meeting of the interim commission
Oceans in 30 seconds : 30 cool topics for junior marine explorers explained in half a minute
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
The drought
Individual transferable quotas in the Baltic Sea herring fishery : a sociobioeconomic analysis
The sea
Rowing the Atlantic : lessons Learned on the Open Ocean
Sea-bed mineral resource development : recent activities of the international consortia
The reef aquarium
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Pacific : the ocean of the future
Monster of the deep
The lost islands
Oceans in peril : protecting marine biodiversity
Modelling of ecological risks related to sea-dumped chemical weapons : MERCW deliverable 2.1 ; synthesis report of the available data
What the duke doesn't know
An Overview of How Municipality Representatives and Different Authorities Perceive Marine Resources Management
Current Market Situation of Catering Business in Baltic Sea Ferries
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by coastal habitats in Finland, Sweden, and Lithuania
Under the sea
Deep : freediving, renegade science, and what the ocean tells us about ourselves
The purpose of this consultation was to provide guidance to FAO regarding the development of guidelines for best practices to improve safety at sea in the fisheries sector. The consultation also made recommendations regarding the scope of the guidelines, the special needs of developing countries, and other specific consideration and goals.--Publisher's description.
Amazing sailing stories : true adventures from the high seas
Ocean sea
Collins children's world atlas
Great waters : an Atlantic passage
The woman in cabin 10
Optimal bioeconomic multispecies fisheries management : a Baltic Sea case study
Warspite
Observations on age-dimensional structure of Fucus vesiculosus : the dominating species of waters at the Barents Sea and the Kola Bay
Long-term changes in Baltic Sea ice conditions
Abstract: Response actions during major marine oil accidents : organizing and managing the response and communication.
Unprecedented low twentieth century winter sea ice extent in the Western Nordic Seas since A.D. 1200
Heavy metals in the coastal environment around Nåtö, Lemland (Åland Islands, Baltic Sea)
Ocean : a children's encyclopedia
Convention on the protection of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea area : 6th meeting, Helsinki, 20 - 23 November 1979, list of documents
"The first comprehensive volume on marine cosmeceuticals, this book covers their sources and prospects; extraction; isolation; identification; structure and chemical composition; and in vivo and in vitro applications. It covers fundamentals as well as practical techniques in the emerging field of marine cosmeceuticals. This reference enables researchers in cosmetic science and natural product chemistry to identify new outlets for the new compounds that they isolate. It makes the case for using natural compounds from the sea to replace synthetic, toxic cosmetics. It also discusses the application of these products on ailments such as skin disease, diabetes, and arthritis"--
Zooplankton production : proceedings of a symposium held in Plymouth, England 15-19 August 1994
The Britsh Virgin islands
Topsy turvy ocean
Conference report : transcultural contacts in the Circum-Baltic area : 2nd meeting of the Austmarr network, 8th-10th June 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Arctic Passion News : [Aker Arctic Technology Inc's newsletter]
Spatial and temporal variation in fish populations and assemblages in coastal waters of the northern Baltic Proper
What happens if we overfish the oceans?
Ocean of life : how our seas are changing
Ocean and seas
Particle flux in the ocean
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Food chain
Relative importance of mass and volume changes to global sea level rise
INFLUENCE OF MARKETING LOGISTICS ON THE CONTAINER TRANSPORTATION BY ROAD-, WATER- AND RAILWAYS IN EUROPE
The cormorants of Lake Ladoga in the early 20th century: Arctic invaders or continental colonists?
Under the sea-wind : a naturalist's picture of ocean life
Seas
Identifying marine phytoplankton
A global representative system of marine protected areas. Volume 4, South Pacific, Northeast Pacific, Northwest Pacific, Southeast Pacific and Australia/New Zealand
Abandoned seas : reversing the decline of the oceans
The massive. [Volume 1] : Black Pacific
Atmosphere-ocean interaction
On optical and physical properties of sea ice in the Baltic Sea
Introduction to marine pollution control
Biological oceanography : an introduction
Changing climate and the oceans
The role of zooplankton in littoral communities : diversity and food web interactions in the Baltic Sea
101 amazing facts about pirates
Conference report : cultural exchanges across the Baltic Sea in the Middle Ages symposium and workshop : first meeting of the Austmarr Network : 14th-15th, April, 2011, Tartu, Estoni
Amazing ocean 3D
Surface influence on the marine and coastal antarctic atmosphere
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 1, The alcyonarians of the deep sea
The changes in the Baltic Sea ice cover by 2050.
Marine litter in the Baltic Sea Region : assessment of the marine litter problem in  the Baltic region and priorities for response
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
Report of the twenty-fourth session, New York, 21-25 March 1994.
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
The vault. 1
Ocean : the world's last wilderness revealed
Artificial reefs in European seas
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Violence at sea : piracy in the age of global terrorism
Salt water taffy, the seaside adventures of Jack and Benny. 4 : Caldera's revenge. Part 1
Assessment of the status of the zoobenthos in the coastal waters of western Uusimaa, S Finland – a tool for management
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
The notorious Lady Anne
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
South Pacific study
Marine Pollution
Research bulletin
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
Effects of algal turbidity on foraging and antipredator behaviour of the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
On modelling surface waves and vertical mixing in the Baltic Sea
Safeguarding the health of oceans
A coastal marine ecosystems : simulation and analysis
An introduction to the biology of marine life
Report of the thirty-third session, Rome, 5-9 May 2003
A global representative system of marine protected areas. Volume 2, Wider Caribbean, West Africa and South Atlantic
Underwater paradise : A guide to the world's best diving sites through the lenses of the foremost underwater photographers
TOP dive sites of the world
Red Sea reef guide : Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sudan, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Arabian Peninsula (Oman, UAE, Bahrain) : Over 1,000 photographs of coral reef animals taken in their natural habitat
Seven years to sin
Guidelines for marine environmental assessment
Sharing a shell
Naval strategies in the Black Sea region
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 4, Small cetaceans, seals, sirenians and otters
Doctor on board : your practical guide to medical emergencies at sea
The atlas of global conservation : changes, challenges and opportunities to make a difference
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
The oceans : a celebration
Coastal and estuarine sediment dynamics
Black Lagoon. 005
Black Lagoon. 003
Remote sensing handbook for tropical coastal management
Black Lagoon. 002
Phenotypic and molecular responses to starvation of a marine Vibrio sp
On wawes, oceanic turbulence, and their interaction
Development Plan of Nature Centre Concept in Yyteri, Pori. Benefiting the Baltic Sea Challenge by a Registered Trademark.
How to paint successful seascapes : techniques in oil
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
Moby-Dick : an ocean primer
Sensitivity tests of a two-layer hydrodynamic model in the Gulf of Finland with different atmospheric forcings
Earth matters
Manual of fisheries sampling surveys : methodologies for estimations of socio-economic indicators in the Mediterranean Sea
Consequences of large scale perturbations to marine ecosystems and their species composition
The cost-efficiency of water-based marine emission abatement
The crinoids of the Indian Ocean
The great sea : a human history of the Mediterranean
Children's encyclopedia : earth
Earth
A note on the European Union's integrated maritime policy
Supershark and other creatures of the deep
Barry : the fish with fingers and the hairy scary monster
The state of the marine environment
Sea-bed mineral resource development
Dynamics of marine sands : a manual for pratical applications
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
Impact of oil and related chemicals and wastes on the marine environment
Interim report on the state of the coastal waters of the Baltic sea
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
The wealth of oceans
