http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8455 application (activity)
application (activity)
Handbook of learned societies in Japan : natural and applied sciences
Development and application of enzymatic substrate feeding strategies for small-scale microbial cultivations : applied for Escherichia coli, Pichia pastoris, and Lactobacillus salivarius cultivations
Scientific Research and Social Needs
The division of competences in the European Union
Advances in economics and econometrics : theory and applications : Eighth World Congress. Vol. 1
How not to be wrong : the hidden maths of everyday life
Applications of differential geometry to econometrics
Advances in economics and econometrics : theory and applications : Eighth World Congress. Vol. 2
Applied statistics : a handbook of genstat analyses
Environmental philosophy : critical concepts in the environment. Vol. 4, Issues and applications
Studies on binary time series models with applications to empirical macroeconomics and finance
Proceedings of the third Mali Symposium on Applied Sciences = Actes du troisième Symposium Malien sur les Sciences Appliquées : MSAS-2004
Handbook of asset and liability management. Vol. 2, applications and case studies
40 years of the Vienna convention on the law of treaties
Applied statistics : principles and examples
Econometric theory and practice : frontiers of analysis and applied research
Mathematical techniques : an introduction for the engineering, physical and mathematical sciences
Early-phase performance evaluation of computer systems using workload models and SystemC
Theory and application of the linear model
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in healt[h] service organizations
"Gold nuggets or fool's gold?" : magazine and newspaper articles on the (ir)relevance of proverbs and proverbial phrases
SOLVIT ... report : development and performance of the SOLVIT network in ..
The role of the global pilot project in the knowledge transfer within organization : a case study analysis
Model-based requirements engineering
Composite materials : science and applications
International journal of scientific research
Bayesian core : a practical approach to computational Bayesian statistics
Forest landscape ecology : transferring knowledge to practice
Linear statistical models and related methods : with applications to social research
Introduction to biometrics
Statistical theory with engineering applications
Middle range theories : application to nursing research
Statistics : a guide to the unknown
Creative dance and learning : making the kinesthetic link
The entropy vector : connecting science and business
Seventeen equations that changed the world
An introduction to game theory
Sharper than a two-edged sword : preaching, teaching, and living the Bible
Social knowledge in the making
The description logic handbook : theory, implementation, and applications
A basic course in statistics with sociological applications
Alloys : structures, properties and applications
Applied statistics : a handbook of BMDP analyses
Introduction to mass spectrometry : instrumentation, applications, and strategies for data interpretation
Practical knowledge : applying the social sciences
Review of the security council by member states
An introductory guide to finite element analysis
This book provides a hands-on introduction to model-based requirements engineering and management by describing a set of views that form the basis for the approach. These views take into account each individual requirement in terms of its description, but then also provide each requirement with meaning by putting it into the correct 'context'. A requirement that has been put into a context is known as a 'use case' and may be based upon either stakeholders or levels of hierarchy in a system. Each use case must then be analysed and validated by defining a combination of scenarios and formal mathematical and logic-based proofs that provide the rigour required for safety-critical and mission-critical systems. The book also looks at the crucial question of modelling notations for requirements modelling and includes discussions on the use and application of SysML, text and tabular formats. Pragmatic issues, such as tailoring the approach for short, non-critical projects to massive, mission-critical projects is discussed to show how the techniques introduced in the book can be applied on real-life projects and systems. The use of multiple tools will also be discussed, along with examples of how an effective process can lead to realisation by any tool.
Dynamic systems for everyone : understanding how our world works
Mathmagicians
Corruption and anti-corruption : an applied philosophical approach
Knowledge management lessons learned : what works and what doesn't
Hands-on math projects with real-life applications : ready-to-use lessons and materials for grades 6-12
Advances in economics and econometrics : theory and applications : Eighth World Congress. Vol. 3
Geometric methods and applications : for computer science and engineering
The future of nanomaterials in the industry
Improvisation is a tool for many things: performance training, rehearsal practice, playwriting, therapeutic interaction and somatic discovery. This book opens up the significance of improvisation across cultures, histories and ways of performing our life, offering key insights into the what, the how and the why of performance. It traces the origins of improvisation and its influences, both as a social and political phenomenon and its position in performance training. Including history, theory and practice, this new edition encompasses Theatre and Performance Studies as well as Drama, acknowledging the rapid reconfiguration of these fields in recent years. Its coverage also now extends to improvisation in the USA, cinema, LARPing, street events and the improvising audience, while also looking at improv's relationship to stand-up comedy, jazz, poetry and free movement practices. With an index of exercises and an extensive bibliography, this book is indispensable to students of improvisation.
Statistics : a very short introduction
Plant performance evaluation in complex industrial applications
Diverse contexts, converging goals : CLIL in Europe
ARCH models for financial applications
Local models for spatial analysis
Psychoanalysis outside the clinic : interventions in psychosocial studies
Sample survey methods and theory. Volume 1, Methods and applications
Learning by Developing action model book aims to describe the LbD model as a pedagogical development process at Laurea University of Applied Sciences. It is made up of different, independent peer reviewed articles, which look at LbD from different perspectives.
Applied ethics
The Law Applied : contextualizing the Islamic Shari'a : a volume in honor of Frank E. Vogel
Governance for sustainable development : the challenge of adapting form to function
Children and international human rights law : the right of the child to be heard
Actinomycetes in biotechnology
Sociolinguistics : a critical survey of theory and application
Probability : a very short introduction
Modern probability theory and its applications
Puzzles, problems and enigmas : occasional pieces on the human aspects of science
An introduction to mathematical statistics and its applications
What's wrong? : applied ethicists and their critics
The formula : how algorithms solve all our problems ...and create more
Learning theories simplified : ... and how to apply them to teaching
Objective prescriptions : and other essays
Management of educational service development projects as a portfolio : application of service logic and network management to comprehensive schools
Scientific photography and applied imaging
Improvisation in drama, theatre and performance : history, practice, theory
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 soveltamiselle paikallishallinnossa = Quality management systems : guidelines for the applications of ISO 9001:2000 in logal government
An introduction to stochastic processes and their applications
The elements of stochastic processes : with applications to the natural sciences
Library of Congress subject headings : principles and application
Abstract. Information Technology and business develop fast nowadays. They push enterprise applications to be implemented faster and cheaper. This thesis is for developing an enterprise application with the Java™ platform, Enterprise Edition.     The Java EE platform supports several various application components. The client component runs on a web browser or a small application. This thesis is concentrated on server-side and contains various web components which are Java Servlet, JavaServer Faces and JavaServer Pages™ (JSP™) technology. There is also the Enterprise JavaBeans™ (EJB™) component, which is a business component installed on a Java EE server. Java EE components are programmed by using Java programming language and compiled by using Java Virtual Machine (JVM). NetBeans IDE bundled GlassFish application server is an environment to develop this software
Handbook of research methods and applications in social capital
User engagement has become a key part of discussions about the nature and purpose of social science research. In this book the authors provide an authoritative overview of recent theoretical and practical developments relating to working with users at different stages in the processes of research. The book draws primarily on issues, examples and frameworks that have arisen specifically within educational research. The implications of different forms of user engagement for the design of educational research are explored in detail. By examining the researcher-user interface and evaluating inputs from academics, practitioners, policy-makers and those involved in the mediation of research evidence the book gives a new synthesis that will provide a coherent way forward for research collaborations in the future. The authors focus on: conceptualising different approaches, purposes and interpretations of user engagement emphasising the relationship between user engagement and research design providing examples of effective user engagement within different research genres identifying the capacity building implications for researchers and research mediators.
Lactic acid bacteria and their antimicrobial peptides : induction, detection, partial characterization, and their potential applications
Nonlinear regression analysis and its applications
This paper is a theoretical study; it was made to present a new technology known as nanotechnology. More particularly, it will focus on nanomaterials. The thesis was based on a personal interest in the subject. Initially, a lot of theory about nanotechnology was gathered. The resources of data were obtained on the Internet. The first part of thesis deals with the history of nanotechnology and its importance. The remainder of the work deals with nanomaterials and carbon nanotubes, their applications and use. Of conclusion is drawn that nanotechnology development will move relatively straightforward, but the goal is just a matter of time. Clearly, nanotechnology will impact every part of life. The manufacturers of nanotools are the special, complex field of nanotechnology. This field of industry has a good future opportunity to move forward. The range of future applications of nanomaterials is wide. The early applications areas are painting, coating and drug delivery. Automotive applications are moving forward and there demand through the industry is beginning to increase, as in the electronics and health industries. The medical field has the widest range of applications at present and the future presents potential.
Bridging the digital divide in developing countries : The role of mobile technology in bridging the digital divide
Elements of contract interpretation
Environmental applications of nanomaterials : synthesis, sorbents and sensors
Applied qualitative research
Bringing together the traditions of creative dance and current educational theory, Creative Dance and Learning gives teachers the means to make movement expression a part of students' lives. By helping them develop their kinesthetic intelligence, the text shows teachers how to tap into this rich modality of learning and integrate it into the many goals of education, including self-awareness, creativity, fitness, and individual and group problem-solving skills. Extensive lesson plan applications demonstrate how movement activities can be linked to academic subjects such as language arts, mathematics, science, and social studies. More than 25 lesson plans and 40 lesson adaptations are included so that lessons can be adapted to a wide range of age groups and settings. Creative Toolboxes offer specific activities to try with students and Concept Spotlights encapsulate lesson concepts. Lesson Worksheets and Brainstorming Lists illustrate the lesson-planning process, while chapter summaries and review questions round out this helpful resource.
MATLAB toolboxes an applications for control
Learning by developing action model
3D laser microfabrication : principles and applications
Asia Functions of Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Flax and hemp fibres : a natural solution for the composite industry / editors: Frédéric Reux and Ignaas Verpoest ; translator: Carolyn McBride Nafziger ; authors: CELC European Scientific Committee
Improving research through user engagement
Strange voices in narrative fiction
Guide to the use of UDC : an introductory guide to the use and application of the Universal Decimal Classification
What is a number? : mathematical concepts and their origins
Economics for social workers : the application of economic theory to social policy and the human services
Definition documentation for a product catalog application
Development of methodology for assessing counseling interactions : developing the Counselor Response Observation System and assessing applicability of heart rate variability to the measurement of client emotions during verbal reporting
