http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8452 nurses
nurses
Nurses matter : reclaiming our professional identity
Self-harm among young people : a literature review
Ethical decision making process in euthanasia and physician assisted suicide from nurses' perspective
Nurses' Experiences of an Ideal Nursing Environment in Kolmiosairaala based on Client-Centred Care
Gerontological nursing : a new kind of expertise through cooperation between training and working life
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
Nursing rituals, research and rational actions
Educating nurses for leadership
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medication : Focus on Dysphagia Patients / Anna Mantere, Aino-Maria Oksanen
Nurse manager : a practical guide to better employee relations
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Kansainvälistä : transcultural nursing in nursing education : part 2
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore through literature the support systems offered for students in different universities, concentrating on international nursing  students and to make a proposal of the best practice for Metropolia University of Applied Sciences on how to support their international nursing students.    Research articles (n=7) were identified for this literature review through 3 different databases: CINAHL, ERIC and MEDLINE (OVID). Two research articles were found manually. In total 9 articles were analyzed in this literature review.     The findings described 5 support programs applied in different universities including tutoring sessions to support language development, a women's support group, a university  course, an orientation program and an academic study group. Also general recommendations on how to provide language, academic and social support were identified.    Proposal for Metropolia University of Applied Sciences was made according to the findings and it included for example extended orientation program, orientations for faculties, open  group meetings, the use of vocabulary journals and a Finnish language development tutoring sessions towards the end of the studies.
The nurse and her problem patients
Persian summary.
Abstract: Transition of patients from intensive care unit to the ward enviroment : a ward nursing perspective.
Views on support needed for the first clinical practice in nursing
The usability of the Schaffer job satisfaction test in nursing school applicant selection 2
Nurses' experiences from communicating with hearing impaired patients
The Andalucian friend
The Care of Wouds : a guide for nurses
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 4, guidance for student nurse
Development of nursing students during international exchange
Study skills for nurses
The International Council of Nurses congress at Helsingfors 20-25 July 1925.
The easy way out
Violence in nursing and nursing education : the plan of part areas in the research and development
Workplace violence against nursing personnel : a literature review
Nurses` knowledge, experiences and attitudes about HIV and AIDS in Finland
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions
Journal of advanced nursing
The patient's treatment with CPAP face mask from staff nurses' perspective
The good nurse : a true story of medicine, madness and murder
Drug abuse in adults - supporting the physical functional capacity.
The ICN Code of ethics for nurses
Quality of abdominal surgical nursing care
Touched by grace : a divine love story
Checklist for field nurses in Finnish Defence Forces : tool for medical preparations in live fire exercise
In the light of what we see
Communication skills for professional nurses
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
Night rounds
Nursing and women's labour in the nineteenth century : the quest for independence
Nursing ethics
Letters to the midwife : correspondence with the author of Call the midwife
The other son
A systematic literature review on use of technology in diabetes management among nurses : benefits and barriers
The Nursing profession : a time to speak
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Brighton, 1938: Grace Kemp is pushed away by the family she has shamed. Rejected and afraid, she begins a new life as a nurse. But danger stalks the hospital too, and she'll need to be on her guard to avoid falling into familiar traps. And then there are the things she sees...Strange portents that have a way of becoming real. Eighty years later, Mina Morgan is brought to the same hospital after a near-fatal car crash. She is in terrible pain but recalls nothing. She's not even sure whom to trust. Mina too sees things that others cannot, but now, in hospital, her visions are clearer than ever...Two women, separated by decades, are drawn together by a shared space and a common need to salvage their lives.
A Nightingale Christmas wish
Echoes from afar
The angels of Lovely Lane
Advanced practice nursing : core concepts for professional role development
The usability of the Schaffer job satisfaction test in nursing school applicant selection : (1)
The visible and invisible family : nurses' perceptions of counselling in day surgical nursing
Nurses' guide to the Internet
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Baillière's study skills for nurses
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medications : Focus on Dysphagia Patients
Nursing, the finest art : An illustrated history
International nurses' experiences and perceptions of their work orientation in Finnish health care
High quality of care and characteristics of a good nurse : based on students ́opinions
The knowledge of INOvent®- delivery system among nurses at some neonatals' and children's intensive care units in Finland
Professional interpersonal skills for nurses
The hospital head nurse : junior executive and clinical instructor
In focus: the art of knowing how to nurse : paper at the Sigma Theta Tau's Research Congress in Madrid, July 7-8 1983
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Factors affecting the instruction of students of nursing in the clinical learning experience
Nurses's perspectives of loneliness amongst terminally ill patients
The chosen ones
The nurse in the psychiatric team : report of a seminar, Noordwijk, 4-15 November 1957.
European-level co-operation : a tool to develop community care studies for the Finnish nurse education
Focus on nursing pharmacology
We are all made of stars
Working as a nurse : how to make your career in a fulfilling profession
Florence Nightingale : the woman and the legend
Stress and burnout among nurses in Addis Ababa
Nursing ethics : an international journal for health care professionals
European nurses' life and work under restructuring
Finding grace
Pharmacology for nurses : a pathophysiologic approach
Dosage calculation practices for nurses
Promoting Aphasia Patients' Communication in Nursing Care
The children of Lovely Lane
The lost soldier
The country nurse
European common core curriculum for operating department nursing
Matkalla monikulttuuriseen hoitotyöhön : koulutusohjelman ristiinarviointiraportti = Towards multicultural nursing = cross-evaluation report of a degree programme
An investigation of the impact of operating room occupational hazards on intraoperative nurses
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Nightingales at war
International nursing : cultivating a culture of empowerment
Health promotion for nurses : theory and practice
Reflections : nurses as educators / [by] B. A. Nurse Educator
A nurse's survival quide to primary care
Nursing reseach : setting new agendas
The role of collaborative/shared learning in pre- and post-registration education in nursing, midwifery and health visiting : final report
Physician-Nurse Relationship : Nurses' perception in internal medicine and surgical units
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Transition of patients from intensive care unit to the ward enviroment : a ward nurse perspective
Orientation to working in a nursing home for health care workers : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses in Nurmikoti
Twenty thousand nurses tell their story
Changes in Finnish nursing students' learning approaches between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Clinical supervision : a study of how psychiatric nurses experience group supervision
Dorothea's war : a First World War nurse tells her story
Role conception and vocational success and satisfaction : a study of student and professional nurses
After the war is over : a novel
Special features of health services and register based trials : experiences from a randomized trial of childbirth classes
Nurse's role in breaking bad news : literature review
Quality patient care and the role of the clinical nursing specialist
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
Getting on. The complete first season
[Abstract]: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
A farewell to arms : the special edition
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
We band of angels : the untold story of American nurses trapped on Bataan by the Japanese
Florence Nightingale
Home for Christmas
Psychology as applied to nursing
Journal of nursing management
Nursing roles : evolving or recycled?
Acceptance and Use of Information Technology among Nurses in Psychiatric Hospitals
Group supervision in nursing care : a longitudinal study of psychiatric nurses' experiences and conceptions
Kansainvälistä : transcultural nursing in nursing education : the first graduate nurses of the international nursing programme
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Educational Interventions to Improve Nurses' and Nursing Students' Cultural Competence  : A Literature Review
Black Cross
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 3, guidance for mentors
Florence Nightingale : and a new age of nursing
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Pawn shop
Nurses’ Attitudes and Beliefs towards Discussing Sexuality with Patients
Support Services for International Degree Students
Fighting for the otherness. : Student nurses' lived experiences of growing in caring
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was  to identify effective educational interventions designed to improve nurses' and nursing students'  self-reported  cultural competence and   describe the outcome of these interventions. The knowledge gained from this literature   review can be used to further develop and amplify the contents of cultural competence   trainings and improve health care for ethnic minorities. Our final project was part of the   Local and Global Development in Social Services and Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  The final project consisted of a systematic literature review of 18 research articles, three   literature reviews and one meta-analysis. All the articles were systematically collected from   the databases CINAHL and MEDLINE or extracted manually from bibliographies and high   quality nursing journals.  The findings indicated that cultural competence training is effective in increasing nurses'  and nursing students' self-reported cultural competence. 15 out of the 18 research articles   indicated statistically significant improvements in the cultural competence levels reported   by professional nurses and nursing students after the educational intervention. These findings were also supported by three literature reviews and one meta-analysis. The positive   effect was present regardless of the training method. Effective training methods included   cultural immersion programs, service-learning, class-room and online teaching, DVDs and   other publications.  We found out that there are gaps in research evaluating the effects of nurses' and nursing'   students cultural competence education from the patient outcome perspective.
The work of the nursing team in general practice
Staff nurse survival guide
Nurse student the central factor of her/his own studies
A mother's shame
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
Information literacy as a social phenomenon in the nursing environment
Nightingales under the mistletoe
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
The effects of combining kangaroo care and parental singing on premature infants' and parents' wellbeing and development of parent-infant relationship
Workbook for pharmacology for nurses : a pathophysiologic approach
An Ideal Educational Model for Nurse Education
Altschul's psychology for nurses
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
Internationalisation in Swedish undergraduate nursing education : it's interpretation and implementation in the context of nursing with tender loving care
Professional nurse
All the single ladies : a novel
Implementing nurse prescribing : an updated review of current practice internationally
Psychology for student nurses
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
NURSES` PERCEPTION OF THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERTISE IN BREAST CANCER CARE
Essex county
Professionalism and job satisfaction among nurses in selected public hospitals in Benin City- Nigeria
Hospital nurses' job satisfaction : a literature review
Clinical calculations for nurses with basic mathematics review
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 1, introduction to programme implementation
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
The person as a nurse : (professional adjustments)
Guiding learning experience : principles of progressive education applied to nursing education
The art, science and spirit of nursing
Nurses' Perceptions on Cancer Patients' Loneliness : Loneliness
