http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8467 synthesis
synthesis
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 6, Lanthanides and actinides
The collected works of Ken Wilber. Vol. 8, The marriage of sense and soul ; One taste
Microcanonical rate constant in nonequilibrium distribution of vibrational energy and in restricted intramolecular vibrational energy redistribution on the basis of Slater's theory of unimolecular reactions
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
Preparation and characterisation of refractory whiskers and selected alumina composites
Organometallics in synthesis : a manual
Development of small molecule inhibitors for prolyl oligopeptidase
Palladium-catalyzed synthesis and transformations of organometallic compounds
Structure and function of cellulose fibers and lectins in Rhizobium leguminosarum and regulation of their synthesis
Synthesis of decomposition products
Collagen network of the articular cartilage : ultrastructural stereologic analysis
Stereoselectivity in organic synthesis
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Fischer-Tropsch Synthesis, Catalysts and Catalysis
Process synthesis using ant colony optimization for hydrometallurgical purifications
Tartaric and malic acids in synthesis : a source book of building blocks, ligands auxiliaries, and resolving agents
Slanted truths : essays on Gaia, symbiosis, and evolution
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 3, Phosphorus, arsenic, antimony, and bismuth
Domino reactions in organic synthesis
Synthetic approaches in organic chemistry
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 10, Catalysis
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Reagents for organic synthesis. 16.
Recent developments in the synthesis of fatty acid derivates
Regio- and stereoselective synthesis of carbo- and heterocycles from 2-phenylsulfonyl 1,3-dienes
The way of synthesis : evolution of design and methods for natural products
Synthesis of symmetrical disulfides
Glycosylation and glycodiversification in polyketide antibiotics : unraveling biosynthetic steps in nogalamycin formation
Organic syntheses based on name reactions and unnamed reactions
Interactions between morphological and physiological drought responses in Eucalyptus microtheca
Synthetic organic sonochemistry
Solvent-free organic synthesis
Chemistry of amino acid derivatives of dihydropyridines
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Fiesers' reagents for organic synthesis. Vol. 19
Organic synthesis : concepts and methods
Stereoselective synthesis of oligosaccharides by de novo saccharide welding
Protein sensors and reactive oxygen species. Part A, Selenoproteins and thioredoxin
Synthesis and properties of substituted Hg-based superconductors
Organic syntheses. Vol. 37.
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 1, Literature, laboratory techniques, and common starting materials
Lewis acids in organic synthesis
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 7, Transition metals. Part 1
Asymmetric synthetic methodology
Reducing industrial use of fossil raw materials:techno-economic assessment of relevant cases in Northern Finland
Synthesis of heterocycles by vinylic substitution of ethyl (E)- and (Z)-3-aryl-3-chloro-2-cyano propenoates with nitrogen nucleophiles
A study of the synthesis and characterisation of some hetaryl formazans and their complexes with iron(II) and manganese(II)
Rational design and synthesis of protease inhibitors : Targeting HIV-1, malaria Plm I and II and hepatitis C virus NS3 proteases
Experiments on fatty acids chain elongation and glycan flipping in the ER membrane
Variation in Temperature Responses among Populations of Betula papyrifera
Synthesis of linked phenanthroline- and bipyridine supramolecules
Synthetization of polymeric materials using metallocene technology
Cellulose-based materials
The total synthesis of natural products. 6
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
Organometallic reagents in synthesis
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Flavonoid biosynthesis in bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.)
Innovation and perspectives in solid phase synthesis : peptides, polypeptides and oligonucleotides : collected papers first international symposium August 29 - September 2, 1989 Oxford, England
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
New trends in synthetic medicinal chemistry
Studies on transformations of H-phosphonates into DNA analogues containing P-S or P-C bonds
Analysis, synthesis, and design of chemical processes
Physical synthesis in ASIC design flow
Synthesis of [sup 11]C-labelled monosaccharides
The logic of chemical synthesis
Synthesis of heterocycles containing three fused rings
Strategic applications of named reactions in organic synthesis : background and detailed mechanisms
Synthesis and photoluminescence of substituted 2-(N-benzyl-N-pyridine-2ylamino)pyridines and their platinum(II) complexes
The total synthesis of natural products. 1
Synthesis and characterisation of nanostructured carbon
Asymmetric synthesis mediated by chiral lithium amides : design, structure and selectivity
Browning phenomenon and its relationship to regenerative ability in Scots pine tissue cultures
Herbicide resistance - brassinosteroids, gibberellins, plant growth regulators
Outlines of enzyme chemistry
Organic synthesis : state of the art 2007-2009
Solid-phase organic syntheses. Volume 1
Synthesis of [D-Ala2, D-Leu5]-enkephalin prodrugs
Synthesis of heterocycles by vinylic substitution of ethyl (E)- and (Z)-3-Aryl-3-chloro-2-cyano propenoates with nitrogen nucleophiles
Classics in stereoselective synthesis
Stereo- and enantioselective synthesis using palladium, ruthenium and enzyme catalysis
Organic chemistry laboratory : standard and microscale experiments
A framework for modelling the annual cycle of trees in boreal and temperate regions
Syntesis of (benzotriazolyl) carboximidamides and their application in reactions with n- and s- nucleophiles
Organic synthesis : state of the art 2003-2005
Fieser and Fieser's reagents for organic synthesis. 14.
Synthetic studies towards biologically active sesquiterpenes and [omega]-2 oxygenated fatty acid derivatives
Standard cell integrated circuit design with links to layout
Synthesis of chlorinated alkylibibenzyls and 9-chlororetene
Endocannabinoid hydrolyzing enzymes : molecular modelling and computer-aided inhibitor discovery
Carbonates and carbamates - synthesis and prodrugs
Enzyme catalysis in organic synthesis : a comprehensive handbook
Chemical synthetic biology
Enzyme-assisted synthesis of a bivalent high-affinity dodecasaccharide inhibitor of mouse gamete adhesion : the length of the chains carring distal Ó1,3-bonded galactose residues is critical
Organic synthesis on solid phase : supports, linkers, reactions
Biosynthesis of hypericins and hyperforins in Hypericum perforatum L. (St. John’s wort) : precursors and genes involved
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
CO2 capture from flue gas and CO2 utilization in synthesis of energy products
Modern synthetic methods in carbohydrate chemistry : from monosaccharides to complex glycoconjugates
Analgesics : from chemistry and pharmacology to clinical application
Nonlinear modeling and synthesis of the kantele - a traditional Finnish string instrument
Effect of heat-shock and bile salts on protein synthesis of Bifidobacterium longum revealed by [35S]methionine labelling and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis
Fieser and Fieser's reagents for organic synthesis. 15.
Surface-assisted synthesis of ruthenium, rhodium, and osmium carbonyl complexes, and effect of ligands on their behavior
Organolithium methods
Theoretical and experimental studies of some main group compounds : from closed shell interactions to singlet diradicals and stable radicals
Synthesis of 2,5-diketopiperazines : a useful scaffold in medicinal chemistry
Improving prosody prediction for speech synthesis : with and without symbolic prosody features
Synthesis, phase analysis and crystal structures of some borides
Synthesis of oligosaccharides related to the capsular polysaccharides of Streptococcus pneumoniae serotype 9 and of Cryptococcus neoformans
Development of potent and selective inhibitors of enzymes involved in endocannabinoid inactivation
Combinatorial chemistry : synthesis and application
New polymerization techniques and synthetic methodologies
Multipodal scaffolds for solid-phase synthesis of branched and homodetic bicyclic peptides
Development of multifunctional magnetic core nanoparticles
White birches (Betula spp.) are utilized in huge quantities in the forest industry in northern latitudes of the world and low-value side-stream birch bark is burnt for energy. Outer birch bark is rich in (up to 30% dry weight) triterpene betulin and it can be easily isolated by solvent extraction. Betulin could be used as such or as starting material for more valuable products, fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. In this work two sets of betulin derivatives were synthesized and screened as antiviral, antileishmanial and antibacterial agents. First set includes relatively easily synthesizable betulin derivatives, such as esters and various oxidation products. Second set includes novel heterocyclic betulin derivatives, where triazolo ring is fused by Diels-Alder reaction to the lupane skeleton of betulin. In the biological assays against human pathogens Semliki Forest virus; L. donovani parasites, which cause tropical disease leishmaniasis; and Gram-negative bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae, several betulin derivatives displayed low-micromolar 50% growth inhibition values in vitro. In addition, most of the derivatives showed low cytotoxicity against the host cell lines.
Summary.
Organic synthetic methods
Stereoselective Synthesis
Modified nucleosides in biochemistry, biotechnology and medicine
An introduction to grids, graphs, and networks
Amino acids, peptides and proteins in organic chemistry : building blocks, catalysis and coupling chemistry
Fieser and Fieser's reagents for organic synthesis. 17
Diastereomeric drug glucuronides : enzymatic glucuronidation and analysis by capillary electrophoresis and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry
Space, geometry and aesthetics : through Kant and towards Deleuze
Lanthanides in organic synthesis
Organic synthesis : the disconnection approach
Handbook of chemical glycosylation : advances in stereoselectivity and therapeutic relevance
Crystal and molecular structure of aminoguanidine sulphate, an important enzyme inhibitor and starting material of drug syntheses
Lignins : biosynthesis, biodegradation and bioengineering
Solid state conformational behavior and interactions of a series of aromatic oligoamide foldamers
Cycloaddition reactions in organic synthesis
Episodes in carbohydrate chemistry : from β-linked mannosides to glycoconjugates
Opioid diketopiperazines : synthesis and activity of a prototypic class of opioid antagonists
Principles of organic synthesis
Novel proteins involved in dynamics of the photosynthetic apparatus
Prolyl 4-hydroxylase : studies on collagen prolyl 4-hydroxylases and related enzymes using the green alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and two Caenorhabditis nematode species as model organisms
Synthesis of o-acylamino aromatic carboxamides from their corresponding acid derivatives
The Universe as communion : towards a neo-patristic synthesis of theology and science
Preparation and functionalization of 4-(p-toluenesulfonamido)-2-alken-1-ol derivatives, and their use in alkaloid synthesis
Catalysis of organic reactions : abstracts
Fiesers' reagents for organic synthesis. Vol. 18
Aspects of condensations of carbonyl compounds and their imine analogues
Handbook on syntheses of amino acids : general routes to amino acids
Peptide based modulators of prostate specific kallikrein-related peptidases 2 and 3
Synthesis of [sup11]C-labelled bifunctional precursors : their use in the preparation of labelled amino acids
Combined effects of elevated winter temperatures and CO2 on Norway spruce seedlings
Survey of organic syntheses
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 2, Groups 1, 2, 13, and 14
Organic synthesis : concepts, methods, starting materials
Synthesis and VITAL library development for a standard cell technology
Handbook of combinatorial chemistry : drugs, catalysts, materials. Vol. 2
Organic synthesis
Palladium(II)-catalyzed 1,4-oxidations of conjugated dienes
Principles and applications of asymmetric synthesis
Synthesis, characterization and catalyst testing of metal modified zeolites for isomerization of n-butane and application in fine chemicals
Modern solvents in organic synthesis
Front-end synthesis tools and methodology for FPGA based ASIC prototyping
Stereocontrolled synthesis : focus on [2,3]-Wittig rearrangement and anionic-oxy-Cope rearrangement
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 9, Transition metals : part 3
A model for optimal mycorrhizal colonization along altitudinal gradients
Emphasizing the impact of metathesis in natural product synthesis through the different types of key reactions, this ready reference is clearly structured and packed with important information, including representative experimental procedures for practical applications.
Evaluation of behavioral synthesis tools
Handbook of metathesis
Synthesis of [sup 18]F- and [sup 76]Br-labelled oligonucleotide and nucleoside derivatives
Synthesis of betulin derivatives against intracellular pathogens
Two great truths : a new synthesis of scientific naturalism and Christian faith
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Carbon Dioxide Exchange of Scots Pine Shoots as Estimated by a Biochemical Model and Cuvette Field Measurements
Synthesis of aromatic isoxazoles : reaction mechanism and formation of by-products
The killer of Socrates exposed : coniine in the plant kingdom
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 8, Transition metals. Part 2
Palladium-catalysed Suzuki cross-coupling of aryl halides and arylboronic derivatives
Organic synthesis with enzymes in non-aqueous media
Characterization of 1-hydroxypyrene as a novel marker substrate of 3-methylcholanthrene-inducible phenol UDP-glucuronosyltransferase(s)
Cellulose biotemplate for synthesis of layered double hydroxides
Utilizing a multipoint measuring system of photosynthetically active radiation in photosynthetic studies within canopies
Synthetic peptides : a user's guide
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
Glycoscience : synthesis of oligosaccharides and glycoconjugates
Asymmetric synthesis and mechanistic studies on copper(I)-catalyzed substitution of allylic substrates
Organometallic reagents in organic synthesis
Metathesis in natural product synthesis : strategies, substrates and catalysts
Benzotriazole-mediated carbon-carbon bond formation
Human β<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptor:biosynthesis, processing and the carboxyl-terminal polymorphism
Organotransition metal chemistry : applications to organic synthesis
