http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8468 chemical synthesis
chemical synthesis
Medicinal natural products : a biosynthetic approach
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 6, Lanthanides and actinides
Advanced organic chemistry. Part A, Structure and mechanisms
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
Name reactions and reagents in organic synthesis
Organometallics in synthesis : a manual
Microwave synthesis : chemistry at the speed of light
Development of small molecule inhibitors for prolyl oligopeptidase
Challenges in the stereoselective synthesis of allylic alcohols
Separation, purification and identification
Fischer-Tropsch Synthesis, Catalysts and Catalysis
Regulation of bisphosphonate bone binding
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 3, Phosphorus, arsenic, antimony, and bismuth
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 10, Catalysis
N-monoalkylated DABCO-based N-donors as versatile building blocks in crystal engineering and supramolecular chemistry
This long-awaited graduate level book, written by one of the world's leading organic chemists in collaboration with two of his former and present coworkers, adopts a refreshingly unique approach to synthesis planning and execution. Following an introductory look at the concept of synthesis, the authors discuss the Why, What, and How of organic synthesis as they apply to natural products. Although emphasis is on the Chiron Approach utilizing amino-acids, carbohydrates, hydroxy acids, terpenes, lactones and other naturally occurring small molecules as starting materials, catalytic asymmetric methods are also included as a corollary whenever relevant. A must-have source of first class information for everyone working in organic synthesis, be it in academia or industry.
Catalytic synthesis of dimethyl carbonate from carbon dioxide and methanol
Guidebook to organic synthesis
Preparation and characterization of new organometallic compounds synthesized by using metal vapours
Block copolymers : synthetic strategies, physical properties, and applications
Workbook for organic synthesis : the disconnection approach
Organic synthesis with carbohydrates
Tetramethoxy resorcinarenes as platforms for fluorescent and halogen bonding systems
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 4, Sulfur, selenium, and tellium
Metal nanoclusters in catalysis and materials science : the issue of size control
Synthesis of inorganic materials
Ionic liquids in synthesis
Asymmetric organocatalysis : from biomimetic concepts to applications in asymmetric synthesis
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 1, Literature, laboratory techniques, and common starting materials
Characterization and hierarchical ordening of surfactant templated mesoporous silica synthesized under alkaline conditions
Development of benign synthesis of some terminal α-hydroxy ketones and aldehydes
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 7, Transition metals. Part 1
Asymmetric synthetic methodology
Experimental and computational studies of transition metal complexes with polydentate amino- and amidophenolate ligands : synthesis, structure, reactivity and magnetic properties
Synthesis of heterocycles by vinylic substitution of ethyl (E)- and (Z)-3-aryl-3-chloro-2-cyano propenoates with nitrogen nucleophiles
Principles of inorganic materials design
Chemistry and biology of ellagitannins : an underestimated class of bioactive plant polyphenols
Carbohydrates in sustainable development. II : a mine for functional molecules and materials
Cellulose-based materials
Carbohydrates in sustainable development. I : renewable resources for chemistry and biotechnology
Organometallic reagents in synthesis
Advanced organic chemistry. Part B, Reactions and synthesis
Innovation and perspectives in solid phase synthesis : peptides, polypeptides and oligonucleotides : collected papers first international symposium August 29 - September 2, 1989 Oxford, England
Copper catalysts for alcohol oxidation
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Preparation of organic intermediates
Synthesis of [sup 11]C-labelled monosaccharides
The logic of chemical synthesis
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 5, Copper, silver, gold, zinc, cadmium, and mercury
Solid-phase organic syntheses. Volume 1
Synthesis of heterocycles by vinylic substitution of ethyl (E)- and (Z)-3-Aryl-3-chloro-2-cyano propenoates with nitrogen nucleophiles
Synthetic studies towards biologically active sesquiterpenes and [omega]-2 oxygenated fatty acid derivatives
Supramolecular coordination polyhedra based on achiral and chiral pyridyl ligands : design, preparation, and characterization
Silicon in organic, organometallic, and polymer chemistry
Chemistry of opioids
Endocannabinoid hydrolyzing enzymes : molecular modelling and computer-aided inhibitor discovery
Chemical synthetic biology
Organic synthesis on solid phase : supports, linkers, reactions
Surface-assisted synthesis of ruthenium, rhodium, and osmium carbonyl complexes, and effect of ligands on their behavior
Origin of life : chemical approach
Development of potent and selective inhibitors of enzymes involved in endocannabinoid inactivation
Chemical synthesis of oligosaccharide bacterial antigenes
Combinatorial chemistry : synthesis and application
White birches (Betula spp.) are utilized in huge quantities in the forest industry in northern latitudes of the world and low-value side-stream birch bark is burnt for energy. Outer birch bark is rich in (up to 30% dry weight) triterpene betulin and it can be easily isolated by solvent extraction. Betulin could be used as such or as starting material for more valuable products, fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. In this work two sets of betulin derivatives were synthesized and screened as antiviral, antileishmanial and antibacterial agents. First set includes relatively easily synthesizable betulin derivatives, such as esters and various oxidation products. Second set includes novel heterocyclic betulin derivatives, where triazolo ring is fused by Diels-Alder reaction to the lupane skeleton of betulin. In the biological assays against human pathogens Semliki Forest virus; L. donovani parasites, which cause tropical disease leishmaniasis; and Gram-negative bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae, several betulin derivatives displayed low-micromolar 50% growth inhibition values in vitro. In addition, most of the derivatives showed low cytotoxicity against the host cell lines.
Organic synthetic methods
Modified nucleosides in biochemistry, biotechnology and medicine
Amino acids, peptides and proteins in organic chemistry : building blocks, catalysis and coupling chemistry
Handbook of chemical glycosylation : advances in stereoselectivity and therapeutic relevance
Organic synthesis : the disconnection approach
Solid state conformational behavior and interactions of a series of aromatic oligoamide foldamers
Enzyme-assisted synthesis and structural characterization of nitrocatechol glucuronides
Asymmetric organic synthesis with enzymes
Principles of organic synthesis
Organolithiums : selectivity for synthesis
Studies on synthesis, diastereoselective reactions and structures of O,S, S-acetals
Peptide based modulators of prostate specific kallikrein-related peptidases 2 and 3
Chemical utilization of carbon dioxide : zirconia catalysts for methanol synthesis from CO[sub 2] and H[sub 2]
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 2, Groups 1, 2, 13, and 14
Nanomaterials chemistry : recent developments and new directions
Organic synthesis : concepts, methods, starting materials
Monosubstituted phosphorescent metalloporphyrin labeling reagents : syntheses and applications in bioanalysis
Principles and applications of asymmetric synthesis
Stereocontrolled synthesis : focus on [2,3]-Wittig rearrangement and anionic-oxy-Cope rearrangement
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 9, Transition metals : part 3
Organic synthesis via examination of selected natural products
Palladium(II)-catalyzed 1,4-oxidations of 1,3-dienes : development of an asymmetric version and synthetic applications
Design and strategy in organic synthesis / : from the Chiron approach to catalysis
Synthesis of betulin derivatives against intracellular pathogens
Industrial gases processing
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 8, Transition metals. Part 2
Comprehensive organic transformations : a guide to functional group preparations
Calixarenes and resorcinarenes : synthesis, properties and applications
Synthesis, characterization, and reactivity of heavier group 13 and 14 metallylenes and metalloid clusters : small molecule activation and more
Solid phase synthesis and combinatorial technologies
Analogue-based drug discovery
Natural product chemistry for drug discovery
Combinatorial chemistry : synthesis, analysis, screening
