http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p846 surgery
surgery
The journal of trauma : injury, infection, and critical care
Myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury and systemic inflammatory response in high-risk cardiac surgery : a clinical study of the effects of high-dose glucose-insulin treatment and the use of leukocyte-depleting filter
Green's operative hand surgery. Vol. 1
Mayo Clinic gastrointestinal surgery
Operative techniques in laparoscopic colorectal surgery
Operative obstetrics
Surgical management of ocular disease
Ankle-brachial index, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and endothelial function in a cardiovascular risk population
Respiratory disease : medicine and surgery
Practical guide to surgical pathology with cytologic correlation : a text and color atlas
A manual of systematic eyelid surgery
Munro Kerr's operative obstetrics. : Thomas F. Baskett, Andrew A. Calder, Sabaratnam Arulkumaran ; illustrated by Ian Ramsden
Topics in feline surgery
The illustrated surgery guide : 20 common operations explained step-by-step
"Based on more than 30 years experience and over 20,000 clinical cases, the second edition of Middle Ear and Mastoid Microsurgery presents detailed, step-by-step procedures for the full spectrum of otologic disorders, from assessment and preoperative considerations to descriptions of both common and complex surgeries. The superb intraoperative images and schematic drawings, combined with instructional text, facilitate an in-depth understanding of surgical anatomy and operative steps that is unparalleled in the literature. New to the second edition of this landmark text: Nearly 1,800 vivid, full-color intraoperative images that take readers through every operative sequence and offer a unified management approach to all procedures expanded chapter on temporal bone anatomy and dissection with CT scans correlated to dissection images of normal temporal bone, which is crucial for a full understanding of surgical anatomy and 3-D relationships between important structures. Updated chapter on paragangliomas, offering proven surgical solutions to this difficult pathology. Revised section on hemipetrosectomy, with treatments for intractable otorrhea in dead ears and other severe pathologies widely infiltrating the middle ear. Overview of new approaches to glomus tumor surgery. Coverage of the remarkable advances in cochlear implant technology for profound sensorineural hearing loss Complete with general operating room principles, anesthesia, and technical considerations, plus guidance, pitfalls, problems and potential complications, this comprehensive book is an in-depth review of modern middle ear surgery. From temporal bone anatomy to canalplasty to stapes surgery, it sets the standard as the authoritative, one-stop reference for all otologic surgeons, residents, and medical students"--Provided by publisher.
Textbook of surgery : the biological basis of modern surgical practice
A compendium of small animal surgery
The astonishing account of the decades-long cocaine use of Sigmund Freud and William Halsted. The author discusses the physical and emotional damage caused by the constant use of the then-heralded wonder drug, and of how each man ultimately changed the world in spite of it - or because of it.
Intracranial stereotactic radiosurgery
This Bachelor's thesis was executed as a project. The purpose was to create a booklet which would explain in a simplistic way what bloodless surgery encompasses and the type of care and patient teaching required by the nurse. The objective of this project was to inform future nursing students of the possibilities of bloodless medicine and to introduce them to the field. In this way they can be prepared for working life in case they meet the patient requesting this type of care since this is an ever growing field. The theoretical basis for this thesis was bloodless surgical techniques and what the nurse should keep in mind. The theory section was written in English as well as the booklet. The topic was carried out by researching bloodless medicine as a whole; the procedures, the care given, and the outcomes. A benefit to risk comparison was executed so that a nurse can effectively teach the patient what could be expected from this type of operation. Further research options could include a closer examination of one or more of the phases of bloodless surgery, e.g. pre-operative, intra-operative or postoperative patient care.
Outcome after mitral valve surgery for mitral valve regurgitation
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy (volume 2)
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
Brunner and Suddarth's textbook of Medical-surgical nursing
Papers dedicated to professor Carl Semb on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday, February 19, 1960.
Arthroscopic anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with a hamstring autograft : reconstruction technique, graft placement and muscle performance
The hand : fundamentals of therapy
Fundamental techniques in veterinary surgery
The patient in surgery : a guide for nurses
The Bowel Surgery: Understanding Common Indications for  Bowel Surgery, and Necessary Nutrition Support and Patient Guide.
Surgery of peptic ulcer in the years 1965-1969, at Kuopio Central Hospital
The cowboy's companion : a trail guide for the arthroscopic shoulder surgeon
EEG-based monitoring during general anaesthesia and sedation : studies on cardiac surgery and status epilepticus patients
Pediatrics
The bowel surgery : understanding common indications for bowel surgery, and necessary nutrition support and patient guide
The evolution of surgical instruments : an illustrated history from ancient times to the twentieth century
Surgery of small intestine
Osteotomies around the knee : indications, planning, surgical techniques using plate fixators
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
Immediate breast reconstructions in the treatment of breast cancer
New surgical techniques and instrumentation
Spine surgery. volume 2. Techniques, complication, avoidance, and management
Medicalsurgical nursing
Optimal pH-management during operations requiring hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study employing pH- and/or α-stat strategies during cardiopulmonary bypass
Multidisciplinary atlas of breast surgery
Surgical oncology
Surgical consent : bioethics and cochlear implantation
Textbook of small animal surgery. Vol. 1
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
Non-resorbable glass fibre-reinforced composite with porous surface as bone substitute material : experimental studies in vitro and in vivo focused on bone-implant interface
Emergency surgical procedures
The neuroanatomic basis of surgery of the autonomic nervous system
Body contouring : art, science, and clinical practice
Oculoplastics and orbit. [Vol. 2]
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
Penetrating cardiac injuries : a complex challenge
Anesthesia and perioperative care of the combat casulty
Surgical treatment of metastatic cancer
Intra-articular injections in the management of canine osteoarthritis : a review of the literature
McIlwraith and Turner's equine surgery : advanced techniques
Remote ischemic preconditioning as a means to protect the brain against hypothermic circulatory arrest:an experimental study on piglets
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 2
Introduction to surgical nursing
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Surgical instruments : a pocket guide
Operative procedure
The abdomen : anatomical in-sights
Atlas of upper gastrointestinal and hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery
History of stereotactic psychosurgery in Finland
Fast facts for the medical-surgical nurse : clinical orientation in a nutshell
Progress in nursing : a survey of recent developments in medicine and surgery
Equine surgery : advanced techniques
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy. Vol. 1
"Fundamentals of Medical Surgical Nursing is a comprehensive yet accessible textbook on medical and surgical nursing designed to inform and guide learning related to the nursing care of the adult patient. It provides a foundation in anatomy and physiology, pathophysiology, medical management, and nursing care for the spectrum of adult health conditions. Divided into two sections, the first looks at common principles underlying medical and surgical nursing practice. In section two, students will be able to apply relevant anatomy and physiology to enhance their understanding and inform their nursing care of medical and surgical conditions." -- Provided by publisher.
Scandinavian-Hungarian Hand Society Meeting 2000, Kuopio, Finland, August 16-19 : abstract book
Surgery of the craniovertebral junction
Principles of surgical research
Arthroplasty of the spine
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 3
Effect of cardiac surgery on long-term outcome : balancing between survival benefit, surgical risk and health-related quality of life
Middle ear and mastoid microsurgery
Acute abdominal pain in children with special reference to surgical techniques and effects of opioid analgesia on diagnostic accuracy
An anatomy of addiction : Sigmund Freud, William Halsted and the miracle drug cocaine
The practice of large animal surgery. Vol. 1
A guide to practical procedures in medicine and surgery
The difficult case in head and neck cancer surgery
The quest for an alternative : care of the patient to undergo bloodless surgery
Atlas of emergency procedures
An atlas of veterinary surgery
Endoscopic surgery
Minimized cardiopulmonary bypass in extracorporeal circulation:a clinical and experimental comparison with conventional techniques
Fundamentals of medical-surgical nursing : a systems approach
Distal chevron osteotomy for hallux valgus surgery:role of fixation and postoperative regimens in the long-term outcomes of distal chevron osteotomy – a randomised, controlled, two-by-two factorial trial of 100 patients
Prognostic impact of preoperative and postoperative critical conditions on the outcome of coronary artery bypass surgery
Current techniques in small animal surgery
The practice of large animal surgery. Vol. 2
Ultrasonography alone is not enough to exclude vesicoureteral reflux in all small children after a urinary tract infection
Self-assessment colour review of small animal soft tissue surgery
Pathophysiology in small animal surgery
Atlas of canine surgical techniques
Key questions in anaesthesia
Textbook of large animal surgery
Remote ischemic precondition before hypothermic circulatory arrest in a porcine model:a special reference to oxidative stress
Functional outcome after laparoscopic or open nissen fundoplication : a follow-up study
Atlas of approaches for general surgery of the dog and cat
Trepanation : history, discovery, theory
The Surgical Hospital in Helsinki 100 years
Bone marrow-derived stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction:an experimental porcine model
The rheumatoid hand and wrist : surgical treatment, medical treatment, physiotherapy and rehabilitation
Surgery of the knee. Volume 1
Atlas of equine surgery
Modern surgery for nurses
Temporal bone dissection guide
Veterinary surgical instruments : an illustrated guide
Abstra[c]t book for the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society for Surgery of the Hand, June 15-17 1988 and Satellite Meeting of the Scandinavian Hand Therapists, June 15 1988.
Reconstructive knee surgery
Understanding perioperative nursing
Abernathy's surgical secrets
Manual of small animal surgery
Nursing the surgical patient
Operative manual of endoscopic surgery 2
Black Jack. Vol. 2 : Two-fisted surgeon / [English adaptation by Yuji Oniki]
Abstract.
Hand and upper extremity rehabilitation : a practical guide
Operating theatre technique
Surgical treatment of canine cranial cruciate ligament deficiency : a literature review
The remote body : the phenomenology of telepresence and re-embodiment
Working in the Operating Theatre
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices:a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Effect of treatment of severe malocclusion and related factors on oral health-related quality of life
Reconstructive facial plastic surgery : a problem-solving manual
Instrumentation for the operating room : a photographic manual
Surgical management of hepatobiliary and pancreatic disorders
When breath becomes air
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland:clefts in Northern Finland
Perioperative nursing handbook
Do no harm : stories of life, death and brain surgery
Working in the operating department
The upper limb in tetraplegia : a new approach to surgical rehabilitation
Current practice of equine surgery
Introduction to medical-surgical nursing
Erectile dysfunction in cardiovascular risk population
AOspine manual / Vol. 1 ; principles and techniques
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Surgical complications and wound healing in the small animal practice
Essential orthopaedics and trauma
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices : a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Alexander's care of the patient in surgery
"This book offers a comprehensive overview of the present knowledge on indications and techniques for osteotomies around the knee including recent experimental and clinical results and new developments in surgical techniques and implants."--BOOK JACKET.
Abstract book
Urogenital surgery
Insall & Scott surgery of the knee
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
Veterinary endosurgery
Surgical management of brachycephalic syndrome
Farquharson's textbook of operative surgery
Cutting to the core : exploring the ethics of contested surgeries
Schein's common sense-prevention and management of surgical complications : for surgeons, residents, lawyers, and even those who never have any complications
Textbook of epilepsy surgery
Abstract book : Scandinavian-Hungarian Hand Society Meeting 2000, Kuopio, Finland August 16-19
Handbook on sponge, needle and instrument counts
High tibial osteotomy and unicompartmental knee arthroplasty:the treatment of isolated medial osteoarthritis of the knee:a registry-based study in Finland
Diaphragmatic hernia repair
Study comparing sutures and nonpenetrating titanium clips for arteriotomy closure after embolectomy
Perioperative nursing
Surgery of the skin : procedural dermatology
Rhinoplasty : a practical guide to functional and aesthetic surgery of the nose
Textbook of small animal surgery. Vol. 2
The high risk foot in diabetes mellitus
Veterinary operative surgery
Scandinavian journal of surgery : official organ for The Finnish Surgical Society and The Scandinavian Surgical Society
Distal physeal radius fracture in a colt
Operative surgery
Essential surgery : problems, diagnosis and management
Turner and McIlwraith's techniques in large animal surgery
Surgery of cerebellopontine lesions
Spine surgery. volume 1. Techniques, complication, avoidance, and management
Surgery : an illustrated history
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
The surgical examination of children
Pain after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery : clinical studies of acute and persistent postoperative pain
Small animal surgery
Shoulder arthroplasty
300 questions and answers in surgical nursing and anaesthesia
Bioresorbable plain and ciprofloxacin-releasing self-reinforced PLGA 80/20 implants' suitability for craniofacial surgery : histological and mechanical assessment
Quality of abdominal surgical nursing care
Personal follow-up of 100 aortic valve replacement patients for 1081 patient years
Respiratory medicine and surgery
