http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8463 solos
solos
Fanfares : new trumpet pieces for young players
Professional blues guitar transcriptions : note-for note guitar tab transcriptions from the original recordings. 3.
Recital suite for djembe
Anthems
Upon a ground : improvisation on ostinato basses from the sixteenth to the eighteenth centuries
The Encantadas ; Old and lost rivers ; Romances and interludes
Bill Evans : a step-by-step breakdown of the piano styles and techniques of a jazz legend
Wardell Gray saxophone solos
Sonny Rollins : for all C instruments
Eos : for tuba solo
Standards for trumpet. Volume 1
Jazz saxophone solos : transcriptions from the original recordings
The Nocturnes
Jazz lead for absolute beginners
Songs and poems for solo cello
The ragtime & blues guitar of Big Bill Broonzy
The Cloud Messenger, H111
Grand unification
Flute : Eighteen of the Beach Boys' greatest hits
Wariacje i fuga na perkusje solo : variations and fugue for percussion solo
Famous drum solos and fills. Book 2
The evolution of organ music in the 17th century : a study of European styles
Urban solo : for soprano solo (1991) : two songs for a soprano playing one bowed crotale and two maracas, and who stamps her feet, snaps her fingers and turns around her own axis
Flute 103 : mastering the basics : a method and solo collection for the intermediate flutist with practicing and phrasing guides
Mel Bay's master anthology of jazz guitar solos. Volume three
American masters 2
66 easy guitar solos : for one or two guitars
World's greatest jazz solos. Piano
Four compositions for violin solo. Volume 2.
Professional blues guitar transcriptions : note-for-note guitar tab transcriptions from the original recordings. 2.
Mel Bay's Master Anthology of Blues Guitar Solos. Volume one
The flute in the attic : 20 short recital and study pieces for the intermediate player
Drum solos and fill-ins for the progressive drummer. Book no. 1
"Jazz and boogie" : 16 grands standards interprétés par le légendaire pianist de jazz : avec biographie et photos : écrit pour piano
The construKtion of light
Contemporary drum solos
Ceremonial : an autumn ode for orchestra with sho
Improvised saxophone solos
Life story
English lute songs
Christian Lindberg unaccompanied
Mel Bay's master anthology of jazz guitar solos. Volume four
The guitar style of Stevie Ray Vaughan : a steb-by-step breakdown of his guitar style and technique
Charlie Parker omnibook : for C instruments (treble clef)
E-Z Way Country Style Guitar Solos
The blues play-a-long and solos collection for guitar : beginner series
Classic songs transcribed from the recordings of Eric Clapton
100 solos. Saxophone
'Composing with tones' : a musical analysis of Schoenberg's op. 23 pieces for piano
Piano recital showcase : romantic inspirations : 8 original piano solos
How to create and develop a jazz solo
Axis : Bold As Love : The complete, authoritative transcriptions for guitar, bass, and drums
The jazz guitarist's handbook
Take the lead : a basic manual for the lead alto saxophonist in the jazz band
Seven easy guitar solos
The Drumset soloist
Contemporary alto sax solos in pop/jazz styles
Hank Mobley transcribed solos
24 outstanding solos for classic guitar
Rhythmic lead guitar : solo phrasing, groove and timing for all styles
The Tatum solo masterpieces. Vol. 11
The Joy of the music of Denes Agay : 24 piano solos by one of America's outstanding composer/educators
Blues solos for acoustic guitar : in tablature & standard notation
Collection
113 Etüden für Violoncello : 113 studies for violoncello. 1, (1-34)
The twilight of Ferenc Liszt
Greensleeves : A collection of English lute songs
Louis Armstrong's 50 Dixieland jazz classics for the trumpet
Aria : voice (any range)
Horowitz at home
O mistress mine : a collection of english lute songs
Fingers and thumbs
The light side of the moon
Solos for alto saxophone / 41 recital pieces with piano accompaniment
The King's delight : 17c. ballads for voice et violin band
American suite : for unaccompanied snare drum
Fall and Resurrection
Never heard before : a musical exploration of organ voicing
The best jazz piano solos ever : 80 classics from Miles to Monk and more!
20th-century music : works for flute solo
The drum battle : Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich at JATP
The first book of soprano solos
A guide to blues/rock guitar soloing
Greatest rock solos for guitar tab
The art of Art Farmer
Works for solo violin
The drumset soloist
Joe Pass "off the record"
12-bar blues solos : 25 authentic leads arranged for guitar in standard notation and tablature
Monologue for clarinet solo
Trumpet fancies
The jazz solo series for guitar : From medium swing to bebop jazz : Learn and improve your improvisational abilities
That's easy! : Bach for tenor saxophone
Six suites for solo violoncello edition for double bass : Nos. 4 and 5. Volume 2
Soloing strategies for guitar
Jazz styles & analysis: Alto sax
Tuba solos : with piano accompaniment. Level two
Essay I-II : for cello solo
Bundle and go
Chet Atkins "off the record" : Chet's Favorite Recorded Solos
Ceremonial : An autumn ode for orchestra with sho
The Tatum solo masterpieces. Vol. 12
Belshazzar's Feast : for mixed choir, baritone solo and orchestra
The world's greatest fiddlers : 36 solos as played by legendary fiddlers
Collected works for lute and bandora. Part 2 - Bandora
Hot licks : From the pages of Guitar Player and Frets magazines : Fingerpicking, flatpicking, slide: the great solos, the tips and techniques you need to play them
Improvising blues harmonica
The Essential Dave Brubeck [2003]
Studies and melodious etudes for Tuba (Bass)
Guitar training session : blues : solos & improvisation
Six suites for solo violoncello : Volume I Nos. 4 and 5
Tuba solos. Level one
Jazz transcription : Developing jazz improvisational skills through solo transcription and analysis
Advanced guitar soloing : the professional guide to improvisation
The 17th century was the century of the organ in much the same way the 19th century was the century of the piano. Almost without exception, the major composers of the century wrote for the instrument, and most of them were practicing organists themselves. This historical book surveys, analyzes, and discusses the major national styles of 17th century European organ music. Due to extraordinarily extensive body of literature produced this 100-year period, this text includes 350 musical examples to illustrate the various styles. The book also includes brief discussions of the various national styles of organ building, and appendix about the various notational methods used in the 16th century, and a chapter on Spain and Portugal written by Andre Lash, an expert on the subject.
More than a day : Music of Ned Rorem
Kai Winding jazz trombone solos : transcribed recorded solos
The blues play-a-long and solos collection for flute : beginner series
Miles Davis : 11 important solos played by the legendary Miles Davis : For all C instruments
Famous jazz guitar solos : As played by Charlie Christian, Ivor Mairants, Wes Montgomery, Joe Pass, George Benson, Charlie Byrd
Collected works for lute and bandora. Part 1 - Lute
Solitude : for flute solo
World's greatest jazz solos. Trumpet
Solos ; With lessons by Jesse Gress
Jazz chord solos for guitar
150 gems of Irish music for tin whistle
The right hand according to Tatum : a guide to Tatum's improvisational techniques plus 10 transcribed piano solos
Solos & duets : featuring "The black page"
Joe Pass chord solos : for guitar, vibes, and piano
Advanced metal : riffs, arpeggios and speed runs
Off the record ; transcribed by Roland Leone
Miles Davis : 11 important solos as played by the legendary Miles Davis : For all C instruments
Solos for the changing male voice
Mel Bay's master anthology of jazz guitar solos. Volume two
A portrait of Jaco : the solos collection
Lead guitar secrets : unlock the mysteries of creating great solos : an introductional workbook for beginning lead players
America's N.A.R.D. drum solos : a collection of 150 solos of the former National Association of Rudimental Drummers
