http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8478 timber construction
timber construction
Historic wooden architecture in Europe and Russia : evidence, study and restoration
5th World Conference on Timber Engineering, August 17-20, 1998, Montreux, Switzerland : proceedings. Volume 1
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Building the Perfect Gazebo : a complete step-by-step guide
Timber engineering : practical design studies
Classic garden structures : 18 elegant projects to enhance your garden
Systems in timber engineering : loadbearing structures and component layers
Living with wood
Factors influencing the choice of entry mode in Russia
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 5, Wood, glass and resins and technical bibliography
Wooden surfaces create well-being
Taiteilijan piilopirtti : taiteilija Silja Rantasen ateljee, Karjaa = Artist's hideaway : studio of artist Silja Rantanen
Wood in sustainable construction - a material perspective : learning from vernacular architecture
Proceedings of the 8th World Conference on Timber Engineering : WCTE 2004 : Lahti, Finland, June 14-17, 2004.. Volume 2, Presentations held on Tuesday and Thursday
Wood-frame house construction
Faced with man-made climate change and the need to provide housing for a growing world population, society needs to rethink the way future buildings are made. Wood is a truly renewable building material that is unlimited in supply if its growth and harvest are sustainably managed. Recent technological advancements in engineering allow the use of timber for the construction of multi-story structures, turning our buildings into carbon sinks rather than becoming sources for CO2-emissions.0The book presents convincing arguments for the increased use of wood as an alternative to more fossil fuel intensive building materials, with the goal of demonstrating that an integrated approach can have the potential for positive impact on the environment, local economies, and the building culture at large.
Patternmaking : a treatise on the construction and application of patterns, including the use of woodworking tools, the art of joinery, wood turning, and various methods of building patterns and core-boxes of different types
Structural wood design : : a practice-oriented approach using the ASD method
5th World Conference on Timber Engineering, August 17-20, 19, Montreux, Switzerland : proceedings. Volume 2
Rustic retreats : a build-it-yourself guide
Träbyggnadsordlista : Sv-E-F-D = Glossary of timber construction : Sv-E-F-D
The complete guide to decks
Takaisin puukaupunkiin = Revival of wood-built towns
Architecture in wood : the timber price 1996
The complete guide to decks : a step-by-step manual for building decks
Design of structural timber to Eurocode 5
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Sustainable use of wood in construction
Do-it-yourself housebuilding : the complete handbook
Valoa puusta : Kengo Kuman arkkitehtuuria = Light from wood : the architecture of Kengo Kuma
35 great outdoor projects
Architecture materials : wood bois holz
A timber framer's workshop : joinery, design & construction of traditional timber frames
Coming home to wooden construction
Touch wood : the rediscovery of a building material
Wooden houses from log cabins to beach houses
The spirit of nature in wood
Proceedings of the 8th World Conference on Timber Engineering : WCTE 2004 : Lahti, Finland, June 14-17, 2004.. Volume 3, Presentations held on Wednesday and all posters
Wooden houses : from log cabins to beach houses
Rural constructions in timber
Decking : a practical step-by-step guide
"There is a great deal of innovation in the use of wood in construction, from impressive modern buildings to new construction products that reduce build times and improve building performance. As a renewable resource with proven low embodied energy, wood is both an environmentally responsible and a highly practical choice as a construction material. However, forest management practices vary throughout the world: some are highly effective in delivering a sustainable, long term supply of timber; whereas others are less so, and could result in forest depletion and significant environmental degradation. Against this background, a number of certification schemes have been developed that seek to ensure that all timber is harvested from sources that are at least legally-sourced, and at best, sustainably managed. Sustainable Use of Wood in Construction explains how and why wood may be grown sustainably, and how this versatile material can be specified and - most importantly - sourced, for use in the construction industry. It explains the modern regulatory framework within Europe that seeks to eliminate the use of illegally-harvested wood, and it shows how to ensure that everyone who sells or uses wood for construction is following the rules. Finally, the book explains how, at the end of its first use in construction, wood can be recycled, by reprocessing into another wood-based construction material, or by using it as biomass. "--
Round small-diameter timber for construction : final report of project FAIR CT 95-0091
The best of today's log homes
Wood has been a traditional construction material for centuries all over the world, as it still is in many places today. Now there is a growing interest in using wood in modern residential architecture. Architects today are drawn to it for a variety of reasons including its sustainability, versatility, economy, and natural beauty. As a result, this environmentally sustainable material is becoming increasingly significant in today's domestic architecture. Wood, intrinsically beautiful in all of its forms, can be used in practically any part of the construction from a heavy structural frame to finely detailed cabinetry, and from flooring to roof shingles. These volumes document wood used in different buildings and constructions. Each house profile is illustrated with the architect's own plans and elevations and also numerous full color interior and exterior photographs that highlight the natural appeal of wood.
Viimeinen kortteli : = The last block standing
Puukaupungin tarina : Pori 1840-2000 = Story of a wooden town
Timber in the city : design and construction in mass timber
Building the timber frame house : the revival of a forgotten craft
The Japanese house and garden
Designing a home with wood
Deck ideas you can use : creative deck desings for every home & yard
Säältä suojassa = Weather protection
Vaasa Water sport centre
Architecture in wood : the Timber Prize 2012
Excellent wood houses in Mikkeli : new ecological house architecture : new, qualitative housebuilding in Europe
Form and space of japanese architecture
Curved and cambered glulam beams. Part 1, Short term load tests
Advanced framing : techniques, troubleshooting & structural design
This study is based on a commissioned market research for Honkarakenne Oyj. A short summary of the market research is included in this study. The aim of this study was to identify the factors influencing the choice of entry mode in Russia. In addition, the authors tried to identify the approach and the most suitable development mode for the case company. The theoretical framework lists the entry mode possibilities and the factors and approaches in choosing the entry/development mode.  This study was a qualitative study and was conducted as a case study. The data collection was done by interviewing the representative of the case company and an expert on the Russian market. Honkarakenne currently operates on the Russian market through exporting their products directly through a foreign-based distributor. The company owns a minority share in a lumber mill in the Republic of Karelia. According to the findings, the main factor influencing the choice of entry mode was the perceived risk on the Russian market. The risks consist of political, legal and business risks. The other factors influencing the choice were the previous experiences from the market, large amount of investment needed, profitability, prejudice, the flow of information and the company policy.  In the authors̕ opinion, the most suitable long-term development mode for the case company would be to invest directly in an own production facility. This suggestion is based on the authors̕  knowledge gained from the market research, comparison of development modes and experts opinion.
Fences : Building practical and stylish timber fences
Construction materials : their nature and behaviour
Green growth based on forests - new wooden products and construction : Joensuu Forestry Networking Week 2012 : final report
Lahti celebrates with a symphony in wood
Eurocode 5 : design of timber structures : part 2 : bridges
Treehouses : the art and craft of living out on a limb
Dřevěná krása : dřevěné kostely v Beskydech a Pobeskydí = Hölzerne Kostbarkeiten : Zimmerwekkirchen in den Beskiden und deren Voralnd = That wonderful wood : timberwork churches in the Beskids and around
Wooden architecture
The complete Japanese joinery
Proceedings of the 8th World Conference on Timber Engineering : WCTE 2004 : Lahti, Finland, June 14-17, 2004.. Volume 1, Presentations held on Monday
Turning point in timber construction : a new economy
Structural timber design to Eurocode 5
Wood in carbon efficient construction : tools, methods and applications
The craft of log building : a handbook of craftsmanship in wood
Puinen Helsinki : arkkitehtuuriopas = Wooden Helsinki : guide to architecture
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Low-energy timber frame buildings : designing for high performance
Timber construction for architects and builders
A shelter for Alvar Aaltoś boat "Nemo propheta in patria" = Alvar Aallon Nemo propheta in patria -veneen suojarakennus
Sibelius Hall : new concert and congress venue in Lahti, South Finland
Timber construction for trade, industry, administration : basics and projects
Building stairs
Wood has been a traditional construction material for centuries all over the world, as it still is in many places today. Now there is a growing interest in using wood in modern residential architecture. Architects today are drawn to it for a variety of reasons including its sustainability, versatility, economy, and natural beauty.
Low-storey house building with wooden construction in the northern regions
Joinery
Puurakentaminen on vähähiilistä - vai onko? = Building in wood is a low-carbon process - or is it?
The new cottage home
Wood houses
Cabin porn : inspiration for your quiet place somewhere
Kiire = Rushing development
Challenging traditional thinking on wood
Log and timber frame homes
Sustainable forestry, low-carbon construction, and tremor safe housing technologies in Asia 2009-2012 : project article report
Puukaupunkiperinteen jäljillä = Tracing the wooden town heritage
A Japanese touch for your home
New wood architecture
The timber-frame home
Wood : Finnforest Corporation's international magazine
Timber construction manual
Wooden fences
Tiellä tulevaisuuteen = On a path into the future
Wood houses = Le bois en architecture - innovations esthétique = Häuser aus Holz = Van hout gebouwd = Casas de madera = Case di legno = Casas de madeira = Trähus
Constructing staircases, balustrades & landings
Unia tuohitalossa = Dreams in a birch-bark house
Design of wood structures - ASD/LRFD
Curved and cambered glulam beams. Part 3, Constant amplitude fatigue tests
Wood and wood joints : building traditions of Europe and Japan
Micro shelters : 59 creative cabins, tiny houses, tree houses and other small structures
Wood architecture
Stairs & railings : step-by-step projects
Microshelters : 59 creative cabins, tiny houses, tree houses, and other small structures
Decorative fences
Ei puolitiehen = No time for half measures
Holz = Wood : best of Detail
Building the wooden house : technique and design
Puiden siimeksessä = In the shadow of the trees
Garden projects for the backyard carpenter
The complete guide to decks : plan & build your dream deck : includes complete deck plans
Kupla kalliolla : Korkeasaaren näkötorni = Bubble on the rock : Korkeasaari lookout tower : Helsinki Zoo
Timberframe : the art and craft of the post-and-beam home
Fifty growth rings : the history of Honkarakenne 1958-2008
Wood engineering and construction handbook
Traditional woodworking and building crafts in Viljandi county in 2008.
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Japan--culture of wood : buildings, objects, techniques
Oak : the frame of civilization
Timber construction : details, products, cases
Timberframe plan book
