http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8477 tradition
tradition
The tradition of the text of the Aeneid in the ninth century
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Culture shock! : India : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
A comparative history of literatures in the Iberian Peninsula. Vol. 2
The Temari book : techniques and patterns for making Japanese thread balls
The death of the Big men and the rise of the big shots : custom and conflict in East New Britain
Navigating labyrinths of expression
Discerning the mystery : an essay on the nature of theology
Knowledge and Power in Prehistoric Societies : Orality, Memory and the Transmission of Culture
Culture shock! : Cambodia : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Forty traditions for spouses (the men)
Dialogue in early South Asian religions : Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain traditions
The Greeks and the New : Novelty in Ancient Greek Imagination and Experience
Shaped by Japanese music : nagauta shamisen in Tokyo
Culture shock! : Hong Kong : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Re-evaluating oral poetry : research on the composers ́ field
Children of hope : a survivor's story
Roman pottery in the near east : local production and regional trade : Proceedings of the round table held in Berlin, 19-20 February 2010
Talking tools : faces of aboriginal oral tradition in contemporary society
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
" For the first time, Thomas Oden's Systematic Theology classic series (individually titled "The Living God," "The Word of Life," and "Life in the Spirit") is available in one complete volume. A renowned theologian, Oden provides a consensus view of the Christian faith, delving deeply into ancient Christian tradition and bringing to the contemporary church the best wisdom from its past. In this magisterial work, Oden tackles the central questions of Christian belief and the nature of the trinity. Written for clergy, Christian educators, religious scholars, and lay readers alike, "Classic Christianity" provides the best synthesis of the whole history of Christian thought. Part one explores the most intriguing questions of the study of God--Does God exist? Does Jesus reveal God? Is God personal, compassionate, free?--and presents answers that reflect the broad consensus culled from the breadth of the church's teachers. It is rooted deeply and deliberately in scripture but confronts the contemporary mind with the vitality of the Christian tradition. Part two addresses the perplexing Christological issues of whether God became flesh, whether God became Christ, and whether Christ is the source of salvation. Oden details the core beliefs concerning Jesus Christ that have been handed down for the last two hundred decades, namely, who he was, what he did, and what that means for us today. Part three examines how the work of God in creation and redemption is being brought to consummation by the Holy Spirit in persons, through communities, and in the fullness of human destiny. Oden's magisterial study not only treats the traditional elements of systematical theology but also highlights the foundational exegetes throughout history. Covering the ecumenical councils and early synods; the great teachers of the Eastern church tradition, including Athanasius and John Chrysostom; and the prominent Western figures such as Augustine, Ambrose, Thomas Aquinas, Martin Luther, and John Calvin, this book offers the reader the fullest understanding of the Christian faith available. "
Traditional buildings : a global survey of structural forms and cultural functions
Traditional knowledge : a report prepared for the Arctic Council Indigenous Peoples' Secretariat, Copenhagen
The architectural heritage of Britain and Ireland : an illustrated A-Z of terms and styles
Memory and Tradition in the Book of Numbers
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
The way of the runner : a journey into the fabled world of Japanese running
Showing signs of violence : the cultural politics of a twentieth-century headhunting ritual
Theology, aesthetics, and culture : responses to the work of David Brown
Identitás és nyelv a cigány mesemondóknál = Identity and language in Gipsy tale tellers
European festival food
How traditions live and die
Religion, tradition, and ideology : pre-colonial South India
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
The nature of value : axiological investigations
Transmitting mishnah : the shaping influence of oral tradition
The Byzantine tradition
Applied ethics in religion and culture : contextual and global changes
Tradition, translation, trauma : the classic and the modern
Questions of tradition
Historicizing "tradition" in the study of religion
China's vanishing worlds : countryside, traditions and cultural spaces
This collection of essays engages the basic themes of the five-year, joint research project (GOA) The Normativity of History. The project brought together specialists in the areas of Church History and Systematic Theology to investigate questions of truth and tradition in light of their varying expertise. The thematic scope of this volume includes questions concerning tradition and its development, the present context of plurality and its challenges for discerning a theological epistemology of tradition-bound truth, and the challenges of religious diversity for contemporary theology. As a whole, these reflections suggest that the force and weight of history must be adequately accounted for when attempting to answer theological questions in a manner that does justice to a tradition that is very much embedded in and shaped by the complexities manifest in its living and at times, ambiguous history.
Tradition and Innovation in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of the 57th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale at Rome 4-8 July 2011
Swaminarayan Hinduism : tradition, adaptation and identity
The role of traditional knowledge in biodiversity conservation : a case study of Southern Ghana
Exile and the poetics of loss in Greek tradition
Analyzing narrative reality
Urbanization and kinship : the domestic domain on the Copperbelt of Zambia 1950-1956
Russian & Soviet theatre : tradition & the avant-garde
Tuva : lûdi, gory, tradicii = Tuva : people, mountains, tradition
The traditional buildings of England
Two cultures, three languages, one nation : the integration of ethiopian jews in Israel
The singer of tales
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Rick Steves' European Christmas
The report of the study commission on tradition and traditions : Fourth world conference on Faith and Order, Montreal, Canada, 12-26 July 1963.
Kokoro no Katachi : the image of the heart
David Brown is a widely-respected British theologian who initially made his mark in analytic discussions of Christian doctrine, such as the Trinity. However, with the publication of Tradition and Imagination: Revelation and Change (1999) his career entered a distinctly new phase, focused on theology, imagination, and the arts. Four related volumes followed, dealing with biblical interpretation, Christian discipleship, art and icons, place and space, the body, music, metaphor, drama, liturgy, the sacraments, religious experience, and popular culture. According to Brown, the fundamental thesis underlying all five volumes is that both natural and revealed theology are in crisis, and the only way out is to give proper attention to the cultural embeddedness of both. Theology, Aesthetics, and Culture is the first attempt to assess the significance of this remarkable series, and its contributors include some of the most prominent philosophers, theologians, historians, biblical scholars, literary scholars, and cultural critics writing today. Aside from its exceptional interdisciplinary range and ecumenical line-up, a distinctive feature is sustained consideration of Browns analysis of popular culture. Given the stature of the contributors, this volume is not merely of interest as a commentary on Browns work, but also makes an important original contribution to our understandings of theology, aesthetics, and culture as they relate to the life of the Church, academy, and human society.
Islam & modernity : transformation of an intellectual tradition
Shof/countershot : film tradition and women's cinema
The Orthodox Church : an introduction to its history, doctrine and spiritual culture
Abstracts of the refereed articles
Walking with Abel : journeys with the nomads of the African savannah
Tradition and individuality : essays
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
Contemporary Lithuanian weddings in Vilnius City
Law, tradition and interpretation
Shaping school culture : pitfalls, paradoxes, and promises
Booknotes
'Analyzing Narrative Reality' considers both the texts and everyday contexts of the storytelling process with accompanying guidelines for analysis and illustrations from empirical material.
Ethnographic questionnaires : after method, after questions
Memory and history in Christianity and Judaism
Peoples of the Soviet Union : traditions and customs
The Orthodox Church
Identity and change in the Christian tradition
Caodaism : Vietnamese traditionalism and its leap into modernity
Culture shock! : Bahrain : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Scripture and tradition : a survey of the controversy
The invention of tradition
Tradition and modern society : a symposium at the Royal Academy of Letters History and Antiquities, Stockholm, November 26-29, 1987
The Greeks have long been regarded as innovators across a wide range of fields in literature, culture, philosophy, politics and science. However, little attention has been paid to how they thought and felt about novelty and innovation itself, and to relating this to the forces of traditionalism and conservatism which were also present across all the various societies within ancient Greece. What inspired the Greeks to embark on their unique and enduring innovations? How did they think and feel about the new? This book represents the first serious attempt to address these issues, and deals with the phenomenon across all periods and areas of classical Greek history and thought. Each chapter concentrates on a different area of culture or thought, while the book as a whole argues that much of the impulse towards innovation came from the life of the polis which provided its setting.
International Identity : Combining two folklore fashion traditions
Japanese spatialconception : a critical analysis of its elements in the culture and traditions of Japan and its post-war era
Traditional houses of rural Britain
Mary for all christians
Being human in Islam : the impact of the evolutionary worldview
Classic Christianity : a systematic theology
Tradition and innovation in Hellenistic poetry
The world encyclopedia of christmas
The hieroglyph of tradition : Freud, Benjamin, Gadamer, Novalis, Kant
In Memory and Tradition in the Book of Numbers, Adriane Leveen offers a rereading of the fourth book of Moses. Leveen examines how the editors of Numbers created a narrative of the forty-year journey through the wilderness to control understanding of the past and influence attitudes in the future. The book explores politics, collective memory and the strategies used by its priestly editors to convince the children of Israel to accept priestly rule. Leveen considers the dynamics of the transmission of tradition, memory and values in an atmosphere of crisis as a generation witnessed its parents die in the wilderness yet chose to live in the promised land in fulfilment of God's vision.
”It is storytelling like in the old days when I narrate" : ”nostalgia and authenticity in contemporary oral storytelling in Denmark"
Interpretations of the Bhagavad-Gita and images of the Hindu tradition : the Song of the Lord
The Jews as a chosen people : tradition and transformation
Studies in the religious tradition of the Old Testament
Departing from the conventional view of mishnaic transmission as mindless rote memorisation, Transmitting Mishnah, first published in 2006, reveals how multifaceted the process of passing on oral tradition was in antiquity. Taking advantage of the burgeoning field of orality studies, Elizabeth Shanks Alexander has developed a model of transmission that is both active and constructive. Proceeding by means of intensive readings of passages from tractate Shevuot and its Talmudic commentaries, Alexander alerts us to the fact that transmitters and handlers of mishnaic text crafted both the vagaries of expression and its received meanings. She illustrates how the authority of the Mishnah grew as the result of the sustained attention of a devoted community of readers and students. She also identifies the study practices and habits of analysis that were cultivated by oral performance and shows how they were passed on in tandem with the verbal contents of the Mishnah, thereby influencing how the text was received and understood.
Offers a comparative history of a subseries with a regional focus. This title distances itself from traditional histories built around periods and movements, and explores, from a comparative viewpoint, a space considered to be a symbol of inter-literary relations.
In this book Jacob Neusner analyzes the text of Sifra, a commentary on the book of Leviticus, arguing that Sifra should be understood as successfully relating the Mishnah, the authoritative writing down of the Oral Torah, to Jewish Scripture, or the written Torah. Neusner shows how Sifra's authors adopted a mediating position between the written Torah and the Mishnah, reconstructing large tracts of the Mishnah according to the logic and program of the written Torah of Leviticus.
Culture shock! a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Ecuador
A comparative history of literatures in the Iberian Peninsula. Vol. 1
Bathing : Finnish sauna
Scripture in the world religions : a short introduction
Culture smart! : Scotland
Tracing places
Tradition and its study as discursive practice : modern and postmodern perspectives on folklore research
The normativity of history : theological truth and tradition in the tension between church history and systematic theology
The new case against immigration : both legal and illegal
Rethinking martyrdom
The making of romantic love : longing and sexuality in Europe, South Asia, and Japan, 900-1200 CE
The poem in the story : music, poetry, and narrative
The way of the runner : a journey into the obsessive world of Japanese running
Pure self and the polluted other in the cultural mind of the Japanese
The shaping of tradition : context and normativity
The Christian tradition provides a wealth of insight into perennial human questions about the shape of the good life, human happiness, virtue, justice, wealth and poverty, spiritual growth, and much else besides -- and Christian scholars can do great good by bringing that rich tradition into conversation with the broader culture. But what is the nature and purpose of distinctively Christian scholarship, and what does that imply for the life and calling of the Christian scholar? What is it about Christian scholarship that makes it Christian? Ten eminent scholars grapple with such questions in this volume. They offer deep and thought-provoking discussions of the habits and commitments of the Christian scholar, the methodology and pedagogy of Christian scholarship, the role of the Holy Spirit in education, Christian approaches to art and literature, and more. CONTRIBUTORS Jonathan A. Anderson Dariusz M. Brycko Natasha Duquette M. Elizabeth Lewis Hall George Hunsinger Paul K. Moser Alvin Plantinga Craig J. Slane Nicholas Wolterstorff Amos Yong
Tradition history and the Old Testament
Transmitting Mishnah : The Shaping Influence of Oral Tradition
Culture shock! : Ireland : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The Sherpa people's observations on climate change in the Solu-Khumbu region in the Highlands of Nepal
Tradition, modernity, counterculture : an Asian perspective
"Bridging the gap" : the Christian sacraments and human belonging
Collections, codes, and Torah : the re-characterization of Israel's written law
The typological problem in Dante : a study in the history of medieval ideas
Some reflections on metaphor, ambiguity and literal tradition
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
"Explores what it is like to live in a world where cannibal witches are undeniably real, yet too ephemeral and contradictory to be an object of belief. In a book based on more than three years of fieldwork between 1991 and 2011, Nils Bubandt argues that cannibal witches for people in the coastal, and predominantly Christian, community of Buli in the Indonesian province of North Maluku are both corporeally real and fundamentally unknowable"--
Interrogating the tradition : hermeneutics and the history of philosophy
The sleeping baobab tree
Culture smart! : Singapore
Forty Hadīth : an exposition of ethical and mystical traditions. Part 1
The Scottish tradition in Canada
Radical Orthodoxy and the Reformed tradition : creation, covenant, and participation
Enjoy Japan : a personal and highly unofficial guide
The manuscript traditions of the works of St. Augustine
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
Tradition old and new
This traditional Japanese painting technique uses only ink, white space and simple brushstrokes to capture the essence of a subject. With her deep understanding of both its technical and spiritual aspects, Naomi Okamoto guides the reader though all the materials and techniques required, as well as conveying the cultural and historical background of this exquisite art form. Featuring beautiful ink paintings and simple exercises throughout, this book is ideal for anyone wishing to learn the skills and philosophy of sumi-e"--Back cover.
Lanna vernacular architecture
Prayers from the East : traditions of Eastern Christianity
Uniting the Dual Torah : Sifra and the Problem of the Mishnah
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
The old and the new in the church
Earnest games : folkloric patterns in the Canterbury tales
Illustrated encyclopedia of Shanghai intangible cultural heritage
Introducing world religions
In this book, Lynne Kelly explores the role of formal knowledge systems in small-scale oral cultures in both historic and archaeological contexts. In the first part, she examines knowledge systems within historically recorded oral cultures, showing how the link between power and the control of knowledge is established. Analyzing the material mnemonic devices used by documented oral cultures, she demonstrates how early societies maintained a vast corpus of pragmatic information concerning animal behavior, plant properties, navigation, astronomy, genealogies, laws and trade agreements, among other matters. In the second part Kelly turns to the archaeological record of three sites, Chaco Canyon, Poverty Point and Stonehenge, offering new insights into the purpose of the monuments and associated decorated objects. This book demonstrates how an understanding of rational intellect, pragmatic knowledge and mnemonic technologies in prehistoric societies offers a new tool for analysis of monumental structures built by non-literate cultures.
Terrorism, ethics, and modern society
A mirror of Japanese ornament : 600 traditional designs
Order of creation, order of redemption : the ordination of women in the Orthodox Church
Under the udala trees
Senses of tradition : continuity and development in Catholic faith
Timeless traditions : a couple's guide to wedding customs around the world
American customs and traditions
The American political tradition : and the men who made it
The art of India : traditions of Indian sculpture, painting and architecture
Freedom and tradition in Hegel : reconsidering anthropology, ethics, and religion
Temari : how to make Japanese thread balls
Culture shock! China! : A guide to customs and etiquette
The art of sumi-e : beautiful ink painting using Japanese brushwork
But if you desire God and his messenger : the concept of choice in Sahih al-Bukhari
A system of techniques and stratagems for outlining a traditional ethnic identity
The parallax approach : situating traditions in long-term perspective
Text, translation, and tradition : studies on the Peshitta and its use in the Syriac tradition presented to Konrad D. Jenner on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
Holy tradition
Forty Hadīth about Ahlul-Bait
This collection of essays by some of the world's leading theological voices aims at unfolding and reflecting upon the complex relationship between theology and history, with a special focus on the development of tradition. The articles gathered here make it clear that the role of historical consciousness within theology and the contribution of historical studies to the theological disciplines, are of paramount importance, and fundamentally alter the shape of the theological enterprise. Rather than destroying theology, tradition and theological truth claims, historical consciousness contributes to the deconstruction of all facile appeals to history in order to support theological claims, and works to prevent us from proposing simplistic readings of tradition in terms of continuity or discontinuity. Moreover, it offers new opportunities to theology to engage in the process of recontextualization in the contemporary context, taking into account its sensibility to historicity, contingency and particularity. It allows us, for example, to think resurrection anew, and to constructively criticize our forgetfulness of dangerous memories. It is not by overcoming these features of the contemporary age that theology will succeed in its striving after theological truth, but by discerning how such truth is revealed precisely within, and thanks to, particular and contingent histories, and not in spite of historicity, contingency and particularity. When this is done, the dialogue between theology and history/historical studies contributes to a contemporary reconsideration of the radical dialogical character of revelation, that is, of the way in which God reveals Godself in history. It is the hope of this collective volume that it will further deepen the understanding of revelation that was developed in Vatican II's constitution on divine revelation, Dei verbum.
Swaminarayan Hinduism is rooted in its formation in India at the cusp of the early modern and colonial period. This book explores the new discoveries, recent research and interpretation of the history, doctrine, devotional arts, and transnational developments to provide a foundation for a more comprehensive understanding of contemporary Swaminarayan growth, belief and practice. The themes that trace through the analyses are tradition and adaptation in the historical andsocial process of creating a complex new religious identity in response to social, economic and political changes. The book contains current academic research from several disciplines including history, theology, the arts, architecture, sociology, and migration studies.
Creativity and tradition in folklore : new directions
Tradition and the normativity of history
In this work, leading scholars compare the differences and points of intersection between the growing Radical Orthodoxy (RO) movement and the Reformed tradition. This timely discussion deals with many of the hot topics currently being debated in theological and philosophical circles, including the material world's participation in transcendence, aesthetics, politics, covenant, and cultural theory. It represents an emerging willingness among proponents of RO to examine and engage the Dutch Reformed tradition, and also reflects the growing influence of RO on the Reformed tradition. This book will be enjoyed by scholars concerned with the intersection between RO and the Reformed tradition. A companion book to Smith's recently published Introducing Radical Orthodoxy, it will also be of interest to students of philosophy and theology.
The empty seashell : witchcraft and doubt on an Indonesian island
The faith of the saints : a catechism
Voices from the bay : traditional ecological knowledge of Inuit and Cree in the Hudson Bay bioregion
Forty traditions for spouses (wives)
Rituals and patterns in children's lives
Hellenistic poets of the third and second centuries BC were concerned with the need both to mark their continuity with the classical past and to demonstrate their independence from it. In this revised and expanded translation of Muse e modelli: la poesia ellenistica da Alessandro Magno ad Augusto, Greek poetry of the third and second centuries BC and its reception and influence at Rome are explored allowing both sides of this literary practice to be appreciated. Genres as diverse as epic and epigram are considered from a historical perspective, in the full range of their deep-level structures, shedding new light on the poetry and its influence at Rome. Some of the most famous poetry of the age such as Callimachus' Aitia and Apollonius' Argonautica is examined. In addition, full attention is paid to the poetry of encomium, in particular the newly-published epigrams of Posidippus, and Hellenistic poetics, notably Philodemus.
Halloween and All Saints' and Souls' Days in Lithuania : contradictions and perspectives
Ulysses
Ibsen and the Greeks : the classical Greek dimension in selected works of Henrik Ibsen as mediated by German and Scandinavian culture
The literate revolution in Greece and its cultural consequences
Tradition : transmission of culture in the ancient world
The tongue is fire : South Africa storytellers and apartheid
The discovery of King Arthur
Concerning the normativity of the Christian tradition, there remains much to be said in a theological context today. In the modern period, from the debates that (still) rage over the reception of the second Vatican council to the embed-dedness of tradition in Orthodox positions, from firmly rooted national-ecclesial traditions to the challenges of various contextual and postmodern theologies, our understanding of tradition and its normativizing legacy continue to take center stage in our ongoing global theological conversations, though the exact stakes are often unclear and much in need of further examination. We are faced at present with an ever increasing rigor and depth in terms of theologians' willingness to confront the relationship between history, tradition and normativity - the great shaping forces of the Christian life, and ones which often go unexamined. What we discover in the midst of these reflections is that discerning whether or not God has interrupted our conceptualizations of history or whether and how our traditions are affected by God's people (or those who shepherd them) is a highly complex affair, and one that each of the essays presented here attempts to address in its own way.
Introduction to Ḥadīth
At once a comprehensive study of Eastern Orthodoxy - its historical development and theology - "The Orthodox Church" is also an engaging assessment of Orthodoxy's political role in today's secularized Western world. Scholarly, timely, and always thought provoking, "The Orthodox Church" provides Orthodoxy with the long-awaited voice to engage in a meaningful dialog with contemporary Western culture. This is a major new full length study of the Orthodox Church written by one of the leading Orthodox historians and theologians of the English-speaking world.It is the most comprehensive and up-to-date account of the Orthodox Church available, providing a detailed account of its historical development, as well as exploring Orthodox theology and culture. It offers an in-depth engagement with the issues surrounding Orthodoxy's relationship to the modern world, including political, cultural and ethical debates. It considers the belief tradition, spirituality, liturgical diversity, and Biblical heritage of the Eastern Churches; their endurance of oppressions and totalitarianisms; and their contemporary need to rediscover their voice and confidence in a new world-order.
Maimonides' Introduction to the Talmud : a translation of the Rambam's introduction to his Commentary on the Mishna
The Christmas book : a treasury of festive facts
Heaven at bay : the Jewish Kulturkampf in the Holy Land
The interface of orality and writing : speaking, seeing, writing in the shaping of new genres
Christian scholarship in the twenty-first century : prospects and perils
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette : Borneo
Tradition and imagination : revelation and change
