http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8474 video conferences
video conferences
Introducing a collaborative network-based learning environment into foreign language and business communication teaching : action research in Finnish higher education
Videoconferencing in education
The integration of remote classrooms : a distance education project using video conferencing
"Social platforms such as MySpace, Facebook and Twitter have rekindled the initial excitement of cyberspace. Text based computer-mediated communication has been enriched with face-to-face communication such as Skype, as users move from desk tops to laptops with integrated cameras and related hardware. Age, gender and culture barriers seem to have crumbled and disappeared as the user base widens dramatically. Other than simple statistics relating to e-mail usage, chatrooms and blog subscriptions, we know surprisingly little about the rapid changes taking place. This book assembles leading researchers on non-verbal communication, emotion, cognition and computer science to summarize what we know about the processes relevant to face-to-face communication as it pertains to telecommunication, including video-conferencing. The authors take stock of what has been learned regarding how people communicate, in person or over distance, and set the foundations for solid research helping to understand the issues, implications and possibilities that lie ahead"--
The use of videoconferencing for mental health services in Canada and Finland
Uniting the virtual workforce : transforming leadership and innovation in the globally integrated enterprise
WebRTC application for cross-platform video conferencing
Webinars can be a highly effective way to connect with customers. This easy-to-use guide gives you the lowdown on every aspect of planning and producing webinars, from putting together a budget to integrating marketing, and much more!
Web video: making it great, getting it noticed
Student-to-student interaction between remote sites in international videoconferencing in the context of teacher education : a European experiment analysed from a Finnish perspective
Community interpreting : the essence, the value, the future : 11th Annual EFSLI AGM & Conference 2003, 3-5 October 2003, Brighton, England : AGM/Conference proceedings
The manager's guide to effective meetings
Running virtual meetings : test your technology, keep their attention, connect across time zones
Meeting excellence
Streaming and digital media : understanding the business and technology
Working and studying on the Internet : proceedings of the Helsinki University of Technology, Seminar on Internetworking : Spring 2001
VoIP handbook : applications, technologies, reliability, and security
Video over IP : a practical guide to technology and applications
Evidence of benefit from telemental health applications : a systematic review
Whether you're hosting a conference call or running a WebEx meeting, virtual meetings are ripe for problems. Poor call quality, people forgetting to mute, people staying muted rather than participating--the list of things that can and do go wrong is endless. But you can prepare and lead an effective meeting from afar. This book will quickly bring you up to speed. With guiding principles and tips for making your virtual meeting run smoothly, you'll tick through every item on your agenda. Running Virtual Meetings guides you through the basics of: - Conducting efficient and productive virtual meetings - Preparing for a successful meeting--from crafting a realistic agenda to performing a technological test-drive - Managing common problems, such as connectivity issues, low talkers, blowhards, and background noise - Following up and holding people accountable when your attendees are spread all over the globe.--
Understanding networked multimedia : applications and technology
A survey of IP video streaming techniques with emphasis on educational usage
The complete handbook of business meetings
Network design for IP convergence
Practices of multidisciplinary collaborative work : wiki document as a boundary object
Abstract.
Great Webinars : how to create interactive learning that is captivating, informative and fun
Webinars for dummies
International business travel in the global economy
Could you repeat the question?! A case study on intercultural communication between European secondary schools
3D videocommunication : algorithms, concepts and real-time systems in human centred communication
Virtual seminars : creating new opportunities for universities : experience and best practice from the VENUS Seminars and Summer School
Emerging multimedia computer communication technologies
8 steps to amazing webinars : increase qualified leads, generate industry buzz, and drive people to your brand
The importance of videoconferencing : introduction, components required for a videoconferencing system, echo cancellation, standards, impact on the general public, and more
eBusiness and workplace redesign
Learning to solve problems with technology : a constructivist perspective
Analysis anf implementation of IP network video confrence system
Winners! : producing effective electronic media
Implementation of Microsoft Office Communicator and its effect to internal communication : case: Mehiläinen Oy
Cisco networking simplified
Teleconference extensions for the Jabber Instant Messaging Protocol
Videoconferencing and videotelephony : technology and standards
The distance manager : a hands-on guide to managing off-site employees and virtual teams
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Face-to-face communication over the Internet : emotions in a web of culture, language, and technology
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Video-mediated communication
Effective negotiating. Student's book
2050 - tomorrow's tourism
Substituting travelling by virtual meetings in the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yleisradio Oy (YLE)
Corporate and organizational video
Telemental health : clinical, technical, and administrative foundations for evidence-based practice
Openings in technology-mediated business meetings
Comparative study of the use of videoconferencing in the pacific area and in the Nordic countries
Video conferencing over IP : configure, secure, and troubleshoot
Computer supported collaborative learning 2005: the next 10 years! : proceedings from the International Conference on Computer Supported Collaborative Learning 2005, Tapei, May30-June 4, 2005
Running meetings : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Substituting Travelling By Virtual Meetings in the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yleisradio Oy (YLE)
Increasing student engagement and retention using multimedia technologies : video annotation, multimedia applications, videoconferencing and transmedia storytelling
Compressed video learning : creating active learners
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Video over IP : IPTV, Internet video, H.264, P2P, web RV, and streaming : a complete guide to understanding the technology
The aim of this thesis was to find out how well Microsoft Office Communicator can help the employees of Mehiläinen Oy and will it change the communication culture within Mehiläinen Oy. Under the scrutiny were also the challenges concerning Mehiläinen Oy's ICT-infrastructure; can Office Communicator be installed on thin client environment. The needed equipment from the end users' point a view was also introduced. One part of the thesis was to install the needed software for the test group and make Office Communicator familiar to the end-users. The workstation installations of Office Communicator were carried out mainly remotely by the author of the thesis. Short introduction to the end-users were given alongside with the installation. The research method used was case study. At the end of the installation project, some of the key persons of the test group were interviewed. The theory covers the challenges of future work place and deals with the fact that work is not tied to a place and time. Also team work is mentioned in the theory, because of the PR-departments role in the OC test group. Based on the experiences of the author and the interviews made to the key persons, the answers to the research problems of the thesis were solved. According to the findings it can be said that the OC has helped the employees of the Mehiläinen Oy. OC instant messaging has had little influence on emails and phone calls. Video Conference calls have not decreased work-related travelling significantly, since teams have used Sonera Anytime con-ference calls before OC. However the interviewees felt that OC Video Conference Calls has made the remote meetings more pleasant and easier to organize. The Office Communicator 2007 client can only be installed on PC or laptop, since all the features were not possible to use in Thin Client. The recommendation for the future is to spread the user group to cover all the laptop and PC users. The Live Meeting client should be taken in use to improve the video conference meet-ings. The possibilities to bring OC part of the Citrix environment should be examined in the future.
Where in the world is my team : making a success of your virtual global workplace
Benefits and limits of video channel on mediated interactions
