http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8481 secret societies
secret societies
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
The watchman of eternity
Lover unleashed
A guide to masonic symbolism
Map of fates
The blood gospel
The night climbers
The Gaudí key
Secret of the Sevens
Lost city of the templars
The Sultan of Byzantium
The traitor
Hit list : an Anita Blake, vampire hunter, novel
Secret history : hidden forces that shaped the past
Keys to the demon prison
In a fractured Europe, new nations are springing up everywhere, some literally overnight.  For an intelligence officer like Jim, it's a nightmare. Every week or so a friendly power spawns a new and unknown national entity which may or may not be friendly to England's interests. It's hard to keep on top of it all. But things are about to get worse for Jim.  A stabbing on a London bus pitches him into a world where his intelligence service is preparing for war with another universe, and a man has come who may hold the key to unlocking Europe's most jealously-guarded secret.
Transition
Shattered pillars
The Mayan codex
Conspirators' hierarchy : the story of the Committee of 300
The secret architecture of our nation's capital : the Masons and the building of Washington, D.C
The beast
Symbols of freemasonry
The red coffin
The language of secrecy : symbols & metaphors in Poro ritual
Found
A dream of ice
Occupy me
Infinity : I am the power they can't tear down
The lost symbol
Steles of the sky
The Turner diaries : a novel
The emperor of all things
The rough to guide conspiracy theories
The dragon arcana
Women of the Klan : racism and gender in the 1920s
A climate of fear
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne dominion : a new Jason Bourne novel
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
Bright young things
The templar throne
The Templar conspiracy
Red templar
The doomsday key : a sigma force novel
The Da Vinci code
Secret societies : from the ancient and arcane to the modern and clandestine
Black butler. XVI
The walls of Byzantium
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
The 14th colony
The miracle strain : a genetic thriller
The Cardinal's Blades
Labyrinth
Secret Seven adventure
The atlantis world
Ignite the shadows
The new watch
Infamous : I am the power they can't tear down
Secret of the templars
Black butler. XVIII
The towers of Samarcand
The sun will still shine tomorrow
The chemist : a novel
Primitive revolutionaries of China : a study of secret societies in the late nineteenth century
The last watch
Secrets and practices of the Freemasons : sacred mysteries, rituals and symbols revealed
The Rose society : a Young elites novel
Rites of passage
The sword of the templars
Pocket apocalypse : an Incryptid novel
The Invisibles omnibus
The origins of the Tiandihui : the Chinese triads in legend and history
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
An encyclopedic outline of masonic, hermetic, qabbalistic and rosicrucian symbolical philosophy : being an interpretation of the secret teachings concealed within the rituals, allegories and mysteries of all ages
The Secret Seven
Codex born
The secret history of the world
They cast no shadows : a collection of essays on the Illuminati, revisionist history, and suppressed technologies
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
Black order : a sigma force novel
Rasā'il Ikhwān aṣ-Ṣafā wa-khillān al-wafā'. Text and studies 1
The abduction
Eclipse the flame
The origins of freemasonry : facts & fictios
The school of night : a novel
The sweet far thing
The third antichrist
Valley of the templars
Accepting a dare issued by her brother before his death, sisteen-year-old Sam McKenna joins the first-ever class of girls at a military academy and finds herself targeted by brutal male classmates whose actions are prompted by a secret society.
Poop Fountain!
The unlocked secret : Freemasonry examined
Quicksilver
Studies in circumpacific culture relations. 2, Social organization
Seconds away
Knights of the borrowed dark
The Atlantis world
Mr Crowe was once the toast of the finest salons. A man of learning and means, he travelled the world, enthralling all who met him. Now, Mr Crowe devotes himself to earthly pleasures. He has retreated to his sprawling country estate, where he lives with Clara, his mysterious young ward, and Eustace, his faithful manservant. His great library gathers dust and his once magnificent gardens grow wild. But Mr Crowe and his extraordinary gifts have not been entirely forgotten. When he acts impetuously over a woman, he attracts the attention of Dr Chastern, the figurehead of a secret society to which Crowe still belongs. Chastern comes to Crowe's estate to call him to account, and what follows will threaten everyone he cares for. But Clara possesses gifts of her own, gifts whose power she has not yet fully grasped. She must learn to use them quickly, if she is to save them all.
The towers Of Samarcand
Guards! Guards! : a Discworld novel
The stolen
The paradox
When a solid gold reliquary missing from a church in Belgium suddenly resurfaces in America, a young newspaperman begins to investigate the story. At first, it seems like just another case of a treasure stolen during World War II that has resurfaced. But it soon becomes apparent that much more is at stake.  Hidden within the medieval reliquary is a gold box that holds a sacred relic--a single finger bone--from an anonymous saint. Why would the remains of someone unknown to the Church be considered holy? The search for answers leads to a shocking discovery--a dangerous secret known only to a small band of people. If one touches the reliquary, a sacred vision is received--a vision involving a young girl who had a chance encounter with Jesus just before he was crucified.  The few people who have been blessed with these miraculous messages have banded together into a mysterious school, a closed society that preserves this venerated wisdom. But their knowledge of the young girl and Jesus is at once so fascinating yet so highly controversial that it cannot be shared with the world. This young girl, curious about the charismatic man named Jesus, embarks on a quest to find out who he really was. What she finds--the knowledge the society protects--is at times far different from the accepted gospels. Could this unknown girl be the 13th Disciple--the last and truest apostle of Christ?
Popular movements and secret societies in China 1840-1950
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
The mythology of the secret societies
Inferno
The international encyclopedia of secret societies and fraternal orders
The dead-tossed waves
The clockwork scarab : a Stoker & Holmes novel
Europe at midnight
The library of shadows
Proof of the Illuminati : containing an abstract of the most interesting parts of what Dr. Robison and the Abbe Barruel have published on this subject, with collateral proofs and general observations
The Bourne ultimatum
The curious affair of somnambulist and the psychic thief
The maker of swans
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
The secret societies of all ages and countries : embracing the mysteries of ancient India, China, Japan, Egypt, Mexico, Peru, Greece, and Scandinavia, the Cabbalists, early Christians, heretics, assassins, thugs, Templars, the Vehm and Inquisition, mystics, Rosicrucians, illuminati, freemasons, Skopzi, camorristi, carbonari, nihilists and other sects
Codex Rosae Crucis : a rare and curious manuscript of Rosicrucian interest, now published for the first time in its original form
Pocket apocalypse
Freemasons for dummies
Final warning : a history of the new world order
The 13th disciple : a spiritual adventure
Invincible : I am the power they can't tear down
The conspiracy of us
The bride wore scarlet
Rasā'il Ikhwān aṣ-Ṣafā wa-khillān al-wafā'. Text and studies 2
Helsinki. Spoken in hushed tones, the word means almost certain death for the clones of Project Leda.
The templar legion
The Patriots' club
The eye of God : the new Sigma Force novel
Seconds away : a Mickey Bolitar novel
A History of secret societies
The dead tossed waves
Christianity and secret societies
Unbound
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne objective : a new Jason Bourne novel
Re Temur, exiled heir to his grandfather's Khaganate, has finally raised his banner and declared himself at war with his usurping uncle. With his companions - the Wizard Samarkar, the Cho-tse Hrahima, and the silent monk Brother Hsiung - he must make his way to Dragon Lake to gather his army of followers. Temur has many enemies, and they are not idle. The sorcerer who leads the Nameless Assassins, whose malice has shattered the peace of all the empires of the Celedon Highway, has struck at Temur's uncle already. To the south, in the Rasan empire, a magical plague rages. To the east, the great city of Asmaracanda has burned, and the Uthman Caliph is deposed. And in the hidden ancient empire of Erem, Temur's son has been born and a new moon has risen in the Eternal Sky.
The oversight
Half-off ragnarok : an InCryptid novel
Range of ghosts
Black butler. XVII
Cloak of the Illuminati : secrets, transformations, crossing the stargate
The secret doctrine of the Rosicrucians : illustrated with the secret Rosicrucian symbols
Sixteen-year-old Marci Guerrero is one of the best teen hackers in Seattle. However, she'd give up all her talents to know she isn't crazy. Marci feels possessed by shadowy spectres that take control of her body and make her do crazy things. While spying on the clandestine group known as IgNiTe, she is confronted by their mysterious leader, James McCray. His presence stirs the spectres inside her brain into a maddening frenzy. Her symptoms and ability to control them don't go unnoticed by James, who soon recruits her. As IgNiTe reveals its secrets, Marci starts to realise that half the world's population is infected with sentient parasites, which are attacking and eventually supplanting the human brain. Now Marci wishes she was crazy, because this truth is far worse.
Secret societies in Ireland
