http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p848 postoperative care
postoperative care
Anesthesia and perioperative care of the combat casulty
Vacuum-assisted closure therapy : a new treatment modality in poststernotomy mediastinitis
Total knee replacement : a protocol review regarding physiotherapy
Central nervous system permeation of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and paracetamol in children
Type I and type III collagen in human wound fluid and serum after surgery
Some challenges of postoperative pain treatment
Pain management options after tonsillectomy and third molar extraction
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
Pain after thoracic surgery
Pain relief after joint surgery : a clinical study
Prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting : with special reference to supplemental oxygen, different antiementics and anesthesia regimens
Perioperative nursing practice
Pain measurement and management in elderly patients : clinical studies in long term hospital care and after cardiac surgery
Therapeutic exercise : foundations and techniques
Tinidazole in the prophylaxis of postoperative gynaecological infections
A randomized trial of postoperative physiotherapy after meniscectomy and fractures of the femoral neck and shaft
The role of nurse anesthetist in the planning of postoperative pain management
Caring for the perioperative patient
Free flap monitoring : using tissue oxygen measurement and positron emission tomography
Patient-controlled postoperative analgesia : comparison of efficacy, side effects and safety of various regimens
Postoperative volume therapy in cardiac surgery : effects on hemostatic and circulatory variables
Extrathoracic complications in open-heart surgery : an analysis of neurological, abdominal, renal and urethral complications following cardiac surgery
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
Anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with special reference to magnetic resonance imaging evaluation of the postoperative outcome
Short- and long-term results and quality of life in open inguinal hernia repair
Abstract: Total knee replacement: a protocol review regarding physiotherapy.
Some challenges of postoperative pain management
Abstract: Physiotherapy in total hip replacement in the acute hospital stage.
Postoperative nausea and vomiting : with special reference to risk factors and prevention in laparoscopic surgery
Medical-surgical nursing : concepts and practice
Postoperative pain assessment in pediatric patients : a literature review
Postoperative pain in adult gastroenterological patients : music intervention in pain alleviation
Pain treatment with paracetamol and the effect of debridement on the outcome after endoscopic sinus surgery
Thoroughly revised and updated throughout, Kisner & Colby's 6th Edition offers the most up-to-date exercise guidelines for individualizing interventions for those with movement disorders. Now with contributions from the leading experts in the field, it encompasses all of the principles of therapeutic exercise and manual therapy, including spinal surgery and spinal manipulation. This renowned manual remains the authoritative source for exercise instruction for the therapist and for patient self-management.
Intramedullary nailing of tibial shaft fracture : with special attention given to anterior knee pain
Ketoprofen in tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy with special reference to the effects on surgical time, postoperative pain, adverse events and recovery after surgery
From improved management of acute pain to prevention of persistent postoperative pain
Non-pharmacological methods in relieving children's postoperative pain assessed by Chinese nurses
Acute postoperative and cancer-related pain management : patients experiences and perceptions in relation to health-related quality of life and the multidimensionality of pain
Patient-controlled postoperative analgesia : comparison of efficacy, side-effects and safety of various regiments
Non-pharmacological methods in children's postoperative pain relief in China
Expectations of Surgical Ward Nurses for A Pain Specialist Nurse : A Quantitative Study
Sammanfattning ; (Summary in Swedish).
Summary: In the dialectic of struggle and courage.
Nurses' evaluations of postoperative pain management in patients with dementia
Perioperative nursing : an introductory text
Surgical nursing : advancing practice
Anesthesia and analgesia for outpatient gynecological surgery
Prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting : with special reference to supplemental oxygen, different antiemetics and anesthesia regimens
Postoperative wound infection surveillance in the veterinary teaching hospital : preliminary results
Abstract: Postoperative pain assessment in pediatric patients : a literature review. The aim of this literature review was to explore the methods and tools used in postoperative pediatric pain assessment. The  purpose of this literature review was to conduct a comprehensive description of pain assessment in pediatric patients in  surgical settings.  The literature review is based on 22 scientific research articles. The data was systematically collected using OVID/CINAHL  and Science Direct. Additionally, manual search through library journal collections and e-journals was conducted in order to  find relevant research literature. A critical appraisal was conducted in order to ensure the suitability of the studies to this  literature review, and to ensure their quality. Literature was analysed and collected using inductive content analysis.  The findings of this literature review showed that postoperative pain in pediatric patients can be assessed by nurses through  patients' self-report, use of behavioural/observational scales and physiological indicators. In addition to these methods used  by nurses, there are tools and methods of pain assessment that are developed for parents. The main factors influencing pain  assessment in this specific patient population were found to be the medical diagnosis, child characteristics and nurse  characteristics.  One of the most important findings of this literature review was that no single pain assessment method or tool should be  used alone; rather, a comprehensive and multifaceted approach in pain assessment is emphasized. Another finding was that  parents may have a negative influence on the pain assessment of their children due to their poor knowledge and  misconceptions. Lastly, the knowledge deficits and unprofessional attitudes toward a child's pain should be confronted  among nurses.  Not all of the pain assessment tools used in pediatric postoperative settings have strong empirical evidence to support their  use. Further research on these tools in needed.  Keywords  Pain.
Optimization of postoperative pain prevention in outpatient oral and maxillofacial surgery
Summary.
Pain after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery : clinical studies of acute and persistent postoperative pain
Anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with special reference to magnetic resonance imaging of the postoperative outcome
Postoperative soft tissue defects in the ankle area : the etiology and methods of reconstruction
Individualised care from the surgical patient's point of view : developing and testing a model
The influence of continuous epidural analgesia and general anaesthesia on the peri- and postoperative course of patients subjected to retropubic prostatectomy
The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical implications of a combination of a peripheral opioid, paracetamol (APAP) and ketoprofen (KTP) on the intensity of acute postoperative pain by focusing on tonsillectomy (TE) and third molar extraction. A second focus in the study was to assess the utility of the surgical ultrasonically activated scalpel (HS) technique for TE.In Study I, TE was performed on one side using the HS and on the contralateral side using a "blunt dissection technique". The first TE study (I) demonstrated that - based on NRS pain scores during the first 10 postoperative hours - intra-operative blood loss and need for haemostasis were greater on the blunt dissection side than on the HS side. Pain scores were higher on the HS side than on the cold dissection side during the second postoperative week.Study III assessed the analgesic effect of a peripheral dose of 4 mg morphine. The peritonsillar infiltration of morphine locally did not significantly decrease pain compared to the control side.Studies (II and IV) included patients who were scheduled for third molar extraction. In Study II, patients received 1000 mg APAP or 100 mg KTP or both or a placebo to evaluate pain relief after third molar extraction. This study demonstrated that the mean sum of pain intensity differences scores up to the 1.5 h mark and the mean time to onset of pain relief at rest and on swallowing were favoured in the combination group more than in the APAP, KTP, and placebo groups.In Study IV, patients were assigned for a submucosal injection of 2 mg morphine or NaCl into either the non-inflamed (Trial I) or the inflamed (Trial II) peridental tissue, while the active control group received the same drugs in reverse order intramuscular (IM). Postoperative pain intensity at rest and on swallowing was assessed in all studies using the numerical rating scale (NRS). Painscores in the peripheral morphine group at rest (Trials I and II) and on swallowing (Trial I) were not associated with any further pain reduction. Pain scores on swallowing during the 2–6 hours postoperative period (Trial II) were greater in the IM morphine group.HS TE was associated with decreased pain in the early postoperative period, but there was increased pain and otalgia during the second postoperative week. Locally administered peripheral morphine was not associated with any benefit during the postoperative period after TE.The multimodal analgesia combination of a single dose of KTP and APAP demonstrated the same benefit during the early postoperative period without an increase in side effects. Locally administered peripheral morphine produced significant analgesia on swallowing during the early postoperative stage in inflamed tissue after third molar extraction.
Fast facts for the medical-surgical nurse : clinical orientation in a nutshell
Therapeutic exercise : moving toward function
Coarctation of the thoracic aorta in adults : a follow-up study after surgical treatment
Rehabilitation for the postsurgical orthopedic patient
Physiotherapy in total hip replacement in the acute hospital stage
Perianesthesia nursing care : a bedside guide for safe recovery
New stoma patients' experiences during post-operative nursing care
