http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8486 diaspora
diaspora
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 7
Reversing sail : a history of the African diaspora
The African diaspora in the Mediterranean lands of Islam
Becoming black : creating identity in the African diaspora / Michelle M. Wright
Globalization on the line : culture, capital, and citizenship at U.S. borders
Cuba : idea of a nation displaced
The legendary story of the ten lost tribes of Israel has resonated among both Jews and Christians down through the centuries: the compelling idea that some core group of humanity was "lost" and exiled to a secret place, perhaps someday to return triumphant. In this fascinating book, Zvi Ben-Dor Benite shows for the first time the extent to which the search for the lost tribes of Israel became, over two millennia, an engine for global exploration and a key mechanism for understanding the world. --from publisher description
Unreliable truths : transcultural homeworlds in Indian women's fiction of the diaspora
Improvised adolescence : Somali Bantu teenage refugees in America
Sociology of diaspora : a reader. 1
Imagining Muslims in South Asia and the diaspora : secularism, religion, representations
Encyclopedia of diasporas : immigrant and refugee cultures around the world. Volume 2, Communities
Routledge handbook of the Chinese diaspora
Mobile citizens : French indians in Indochina, 1858-1954
Writing Jewish culture : paradoxes in ethnography
New Perceptions of the Vietnam War : Essays on the War, the South Vietnamese Experience, the Diaspora and the Continuing Impact
New social movements in the African diaspora : challenging global apartheid
Religious diaspora in early modern Europe : strategies of exile
Reading migration and culture : the world of East African Indian literature
Identity of the Diaspora : Jews in Asia Minor in the Imperial Period
Culture, politics, race and diaspora : the thought of Stuart Hall
Muslim diaspora : gender, culture, and identity
The Zoroastrian diaspora : religion and migration ; the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, the Oriental Faculty, Oxford, 1985
Diaspora : exile and the contemporary Jewish condition
Transnational, national, and personal voices : new perspectives on Asian American and Asian diasporic women writers
Volume XXV of the distinguished annual Studies in Contemporary Jewry explores new understandings and approaches to Jewish "ethnicity." In current parlance regarding multicultural diversity, Jews are often considered to belong socially to the "majority," whereas "otherness" is reserved for "minorities." But these group labels and their meanings have changed over time. This volume analyzes how "ethnic," "ethnicity," and "identity" have been applied to Jews, past and present, individually and collectively. Most of the symposium papers on the ethnicity of Jewish people and the social groups they form draw heavily on the case of American Jews, while others offer wider geographical perspectives. Contributors address ex-Soviet Jews in Philadelphia, comparing them to a similar population in Tel Aviv; Communism and ethnicity; intermarriage and group blending; American Jewish dialogue; and German Jewish migration in the interwar decades. Leading academics, employing a variety of social scientific methods and historical paradigms, propose to enhance the clarity of definitions used to relate "ethnic identity" to the Jews. They point to ethnic experience in a variety of different social manifestations: language use in social context, marital behavior across generations, spatial and occupational differentiation in relation to other members of society, and new immigrant communities as sub-ethnic units within larger Jewish populations. They also ponder the relevance of individual experience and preference as compared to the weight of larger socializing factors. Taken as a whole, this work offers revisionist views on the utility of terms like "Jewish ethnicity" that were given wider scope by scholars in the 1960s, '70s, and '80s.
Interaction between Somali organizations and Italian and Finnish development actors
ReMembering Cuba : legacy of a diaspora
Identity, diaspora and return in American literature
Ethnicity and beyond : theories and dilemmas of Jewish group demarcation
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 3
Francophone Sub-Saharan African literature in global contexts
Transnational Africa and globalization
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
In her thesis, Watkins investigates the representation of ‘problematic identities in women’s fiction of the Sri Lankan diaspora’. As well as scrutinizing the literature for gender specific issues, both cultural and psychological, the thesis illustrates its collective significance as culture specific literature.
Contemporary cinema of Africa and the diaspora
An interaction framework for deploying the knowledge of diasporas : Using Finland as an example
Palestinian village histories : geographies of the displaced
"The South Asian diaspora is a diverse group who settled in different parts of the world, often concentrated in developed countries. There is an emerging trend of re-engagement of the diaspora in the South Asian region. Entrepreneurs in Japan and Singapore as well as the Malaysian Indian diaspora are involved in South India making the region a lucrative space for capital, talent and ideas. This volume expands into diasporic communities such as the Nepali community in Singapore and their contribution to their home economy through remittances. Beyond economics, the contributors explore how transnational politics overlap with religious ideologies amongst Pakistanis in United Kingdom and the Sathya Sai Baba movement which contributes to diasporic identity building in host countries. They also explore media and culture: in the last decade Bollywood films have portrayed life in the diaspora, and have featured the diaspora and Non Resident Indians (NRI) as fully formed stock characters and protagonists. The process of diaspora re-engagement has tremendous development implications for South Asian countries, both individually and for their regional integration"--
China abroad : travels, subjects, spaces
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 9
Problematic identities in women's fiction of the Sri Lankan diaspora
This volume examines the evolution of the concept of diaspora since the advent of Diaspora Studies in the 90s, specifically vis-à-vis other concepts: transnationalism, cosmopolitanism, creolization. The essays depict the discontinuities of diasporic experience, but also its ongoing negotiations. Building on transatlantic, gender studies and queer theory, they address the theoretical turn when sexual difference is taken into account and gender troubled. Allying theory and case studies, covering diasporas as diverse as the African, Caribbean, Palestinian, South and South-East Asian diasporas, the dispersion of Romas, the spaces of the Indian Ocean, South Africa and New Zealand, this volume promotes another diasporic model: multidirectional, plural and global. It finds in literature and film tools to think the ‘super-diversity’ and the contradictions of our global world.
"Focuses on art house cinema and discusses commercial African cinema"--
The encyclopedia of the Chinese overseas
The African diaspora : a history through culture
Featuring a wealth of case-study material and insights from leading experts in the field, this highly original volume forces an important re-think in a contentious area of African politics and development.
This book uses the uniquely positioned culture of East African Asians to reflect upon the most vexing issues in postcolonial literary studies today. By examining the local histories and discourses that underpin East African Asian literature, it opens up and reflects upon issues of alienation, modernity, migration, diaspora, memory and nationalism.
The media use of ethiopians in Finland
Somaliland's investment in peace : analysing the diaspora's economic engagement in peace building
Diasporic marvellous realism : history, identity and memory in Caribbean fiction
Study of the African diaspora is now a dynamic field in the development of new methods and approaches to African history. Unlike the transAtlantic diaspora, eastwards African migrants have received little attention. Studies on communities of African origin in Asia have increased, and some have restored the gallantry and glory that once belonged to some African migrants in Asia. This book brings together the latest research on African diaspora in Asia with case studies about India and the Indian Ocean islands.
Caryl Phillips : writing in the key of life
Religious pluralism in the diaspora
Many African migrants residing abroad nurture a hope to one day return, at least temporarily, to their home country. In the wake of economic crises in the developed world, alongside rapid economic growth in parts of Africa, the impetus to 'return' is likely to increase. Such returnees are often portrayed as agents of development, bringing with them capital, knowledge and skills as well as connections and experience gained abroad. Yet, the reality is altogether more complex. In this much-needed volume, based on extensive original fieldwork, the authors reveal that there is all too often a gaping divide between abstract policy assumptions and migrants' actual practices. In contrast to the prevailing optimism of policies on migration and development, Africa's Return Migrants demonstrates that the capital obtained abroad is not always advantageous and that it can even hamper successful entrepreneurship and other forms of economic, political and social engagement.
The growing importance of the Indian diaspora is felt today across the globe due to its emergence as the second-largest diasporic community. By examining historical, socio-cultural, economic, political, and literary aspects of the Indian diaspora, this volume sets out to trace the latest developments in the field of Indian diaspora studies. It brings together essays by Indian and foreign scholars, thus providing an authoritative platform for discussions in which identities and affiliations are contested and constituted through the hierarchies of cross-cultural migration in this increasingly globalized world. This volume traces the transnational network of the Indian diaspora, and will prove of interest to scholars working in the fields of the Indian diaspora, diaspora theory, and cultural studies. Countries covered include Mauritius, Fiji, Singapore, Trinidad & Tobago, Guyana, Suriname, the UK, Ireland, the USA, Canada, Malaya, South Africa, and New Zealand. Creative writers discussed include Ramabai Espinet, Vikram Chandra, Rohinton Mistry, Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Nisha Ganatra, Jhumpa Lahiri, Kavery Nambisan, and Sarita Mandanna, along with the work of filmmakers (Mira Nair, Yash Chopra, Kabir Khan, Shuchi Kothari, Mandrika Rupa, Karan Johar, Sugu Pillay, Mallika Krishnamurthy, and Nisha Ganatra).
Diasporas and their role in the homeland conflicts and peacebuilding : the case of Somali diaspora
Exiles, diasporas & strangers / edited by Kobena Mercer
In Church and Society in Hungary and in the Hungarian Diaspora, Nándor Dreisziger tells the story of Christianity in Hungary and the Hungarian diaspora from its earliest years until the present. Beginning with the arrival of Christianity in the middle Danube basin, Dreisziger follows the fortunes of the Hungarians' churches through the troubled times of the Middle Ages, the years of Ottoman and Habsburg domination, and the turmoil of the twentieth century: wars, revolutions, foreign occupations, and totalitarian rule. Complementing this detailed history of religious life in Hungary, Dreisziger describes the fate of the churches of Hungarian minorities in countries that received territories from the old Kingdom of Hungary after the First World War. He also tells the story of the rise, halcyon days, and decline of organized religious life among Hungarian immigrants to Western Europe, the Americas, and elsewhere.
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 4
"Explores identity formation and cultural home for generations of Chinese immigrants living in multicultural societies across the world"--
Sociology of diaspora : a reader. 2
Nation in imagination : essays on nationalism, sub-nationalisms and narration
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 14
Somali organisations in the United Kingdom
African migrations : patterns and perspectives
Identity, hybridity and cultural home : Chinese migrants and diaspora in multicultural societies
The 1979 Revolution in Iran caused the migration of millions of Iranians, many of whom wrote of, and are still writing of, their experiences. Sanaz Fotouhi here traces the origins of the emerging body of diasporic Iranian literature in English, and uses these origins to examine the socio-political position and historical context from which they emerged. While situating this body of work through existing theories such as postcolonialism, Fotouhi sheds new light on the role of Iranian literature and culture in Western literature by showing that these writings distinctively reflect a diasporic experience unique to Iranians. Analysing the relationship between Iranians and their new surroundings by drawing on theories of migration, narration and identity, Fotouhi examines how the literature borne out of the Iranian Diaspora reflects socio-political realities today. The first of its kind, this book will be vital for researchers of Middle Eastern literature and its relationship with writings from the West, as well as those interested in the cultural history of the Middle East.
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 10
The lost tribes of Israel : the history of a myth
Kinship & diasporas in international affairs
Diasporas, cultures of mobilities, 'race'. 2, Diaspora, memory and intimacy = Diaspora : la mémoire et l'intime
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 11
Hinduism in the modern world
Witches, Goddesses and Angry Spirits: The Politics of Spiritual Liberation in African Diaspora Women's Fiction explores African diaspora religious practices as vehicles for Africana women's spiritual transformation, using representative fictions by three contemporary writers of the African Americas who compose fresh models of female spirituality: Breath, Eyes, Memory (1994) by Haitian American novelist Edwidge Danticat; Paradise (1998) by African American Nobel laureate Toni Morrison; and I, Tituba, Black Witch of Salem (1992) by Guadeloupean author Maryse Condé. Author Maha Marouan argues that while these authors' works burst with powerful female figures--witches, goddesses, healers, priestesses, angry spirits--they also remain honest in reminding readers of the silences surrounding African diaspora women's realities and experiences of violence, often as a result of gendered religious discourses. To make sense of Africana women's experiences of the diaspora, this book operates from a transnational perspective that moves across national and linguistic boundaries as it connects the Anglophone, the Francophone, and the Creole worlds of the African Americas. In doing so, Marouan identifies crucial shared thematic concerns regarding the authors' engagement with religious frameworks--some Judeo-Christian, some not--heretofore unexamined in such a careful, comparative fashion.
Africa in the world & the world in Africa : essays in honor of Abiola Irele
Negotiating Afropolitanism : essays on borders and spaces in contamporary African literature and folklore
This book highlights the interesting switch in perspective found in contemporary literary production where the supernatural is regarded from a diasporic perspective as marvellous rather than magical. The titular term is applied to the influence of transterritorialization on the works of first- and second generation immigrant writers when approaching and exploring the myths and legends of their culture of origin. The texts included in this analysis show that the employment of this literary philosophy and narrative technique in contemporary literature involves a fruitful refocusing of the rhetorical gaze regarding the importance of cultural heritage as vindicatory resistance to the lacunae of history and as celebratory re-enfranchisement of diasporic communities in host countries such as Canada and the UK.
The divided self : Israel and the Jewish psyche today
A life elsewhere
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
"As Qing Dynasty China disintegrated, economic hardship and civil disorder led to millions of Chinese men and women seeking their fortunes abroad, many journeying south into French Indochina. This title focuses on the overseas Chinese communities in French Indochina and the interactions between them and French colonial authorities." --Publisher's description.
A comparative assessment of Somali diaspora organisations in Europe
Paris, capital of the Black Atlantic : literature, modernity, and diaspora
Pauline churches and diaspora Jews
Diasporas : concepts, intersections, indentities
This new edition of Edward A. Allworth's The Tatars of Crimea has been extensively updated. Five new chapters examine the situation of Crimean Tatars since the breakup of the USSR in 1991 and detail the continuing struggle of the Tatars to find peace and acceptance in a homeland. Contributors to this volume—almost half of whom are Tatars—discuss the problematic results of the partial Tatar return to Crimea that began in the 1980s. This incomplete migration has left the group geographically split and has complicated their desire for stability as a people, whether in their own homeland or in the Central Asian diaspora. Those who have returned to the region on the Black Sea in Ukrayina (formerly Ukraine) have found themselves engulfed in a hostile political environment dominated by Russian residents attempting to stifle the resurgence of Crimean Tatar life. Specific essays address the current political situation in and around Crimea, recent elections, and promising developments in the culture, leadership, and movement toward unity among Crimean Tatars. Beyond demonstrating the problems of one nationality caught in a fierce power struggle, The Tatars of Crimea offers an example of the challenges faced by all nationalities of the former Soviet Union who now contend with deteriorating economic and political conditions, flagrant discrimination against ethnic minorities, and the denial of civil and human rights common in many of the newly independent states.
Sons of the yellow emperor : the story of the overseas Chinese
Africa in the world : capitalism, empire, nation-state
Co-ethnic migrations compared : Central and Eastern European contexts
Ukrainian otherlands : diaspora, homeland, and folk imagination in the twentieth century
Focus India : postcolonial narratives of the nation
Diasporas, development and peacemaking in the Horn of Africa
Somali organisations in Finland
The literature of the Iranian Diaspora : meaning and identity since the Islamic revolution
Emissaries from the Holy Land : the Sephardic diaspora and the practice of pan-Judaism in the eighteenth century
The effects of the Vietnam War outside the borders of the Vietnamese state are ongoing. The presence of substantial Vietnamese communities in countries that participated in the conflict is contributing to changing interpretations of the war. This international collection of essays examines the war from new perspectives--including those of the Vietnamese diaspora--and explores ways in which perceptions of the war have altered in recent years. The war is examined through the lens of history, politics, biography and literature, with Vietnamese, American, Australian and French scholars providing new insights on its reassessment. Twelve chapters cover South Vietnamese leadership and policies, women and civilians, veterans overseas, the involvement of smaller allies in the war (Australia), accounts by U.S., Australian and South Vietnamese servicemen as well as those of Indigenous soldiers in the U.S. and Australia, memorials and commemoration, and the legacy of war on individual lives, memories and government policy.
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
Places of pain : forced displacement, popular memory, and trans-local identities in Bosnian war-torn communities
Transnational negotiations in Caribbean diasporic literature : remitting the text
East-west montage : reflections on Asian bodies in diaspora
Transborder contacts and the maintenance of Finnishness in the diaspora : an interdisciplinary conference in Finnish, Finnish-North American and Sweden Finnish Studies : Mälardalen University, Campus Eskilstuna, June 17-20, 2007
Diaspora and memory : figures of displacement in contemporary literature, arts and politics
The Jews in the Caribbean
Written from various perspectives, this collection of essays explores the migration experiences of a spectrum of people, from professional and managerial elites to contract workers and refugees. In addressing the nature of these Asian migrations, it demonstrates how mobility in the world has transformed notions of citizenship and identity.
Iranian women's political activism in the 2009 postelection events, and their usage of social media
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 2
Diaspora and peace : a comparative assessment of Somali and Ethiopian communities in Europe
Sacred waters : arts for Mami Wata and other divinities in Africa and the diaspora
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 13
Saivism in the diaspora : contemporary forms of Skanda worship
The things that fly in the night : female vampires in literature of the Circum-Caribbean and African diaspora
Diaspora Judaism in turmoil, 116/117 CE : ancient sources and modern insights
Modes and potential of diaspora engagement in Eritrea
China fictions/English language : literary essays in diaspora, memory, story
The dawn of neoliberal rationality in Africa in the 1980s coincided with a massive exodus of skilled Africans to the global North. Moving beyond the 'push and pull' framework that has dominated studies of this phenomenon, this collection instead looks at African transnational migrations against the backdrop of rapid and intensifying globalization. In doing so, it explores a dimension usually neglected in most accounts₂the ways in which transnationalism as a whole is largely a function of the remarkable adaptability and innovation of actual migrants.
The ten lost tribes : a world history
Ethnic revival, diasporas and host regions : the Eastern Mari
Continuing the series on Diasporas, Cultures of Mobilities, 'Race', this second volume extends existing scholarship by exploring a range of multidisciplinary perspectives on the diasporic condition. Embodiment, memory and intimacy form three core themes through which the complexities of diasporic experiences are revealed and transmitted. Closely aligned to these concerns, the impact of de-territorialisation, inherent in the processes of migration and re-settlement, forms a strong thread throughout the collected essays. Authors engage with individual and collective memorial processes embedded in the evolution of diasporic communities, exploring striking comparisons between diverse regions, states, cultures and linguistic zones. The intellectual and critical scope covered by this original collection of new essays is further reflected in the varied geographical origins of the contributors themselves.
Young Sikhs in a global world : negotiating traditions, identities and authorities
Negotiating identity in Scandinavia : women, migration, and the diaspora
Church and society in Hungary and in the Hungarian diaspora
Conceptualisation of transnational remittances as social capital (re)production : the case of the somali diaspora in Finland
English abstracts.
The political economy of South Asian diaspora : patterns of socio-economic influence
Romance, Diaspora, and Black Atlantic Literature offers a rich, interdisciplinary treatment of modern black literature and cultural history, showing how debates over Africa in the works of major black writers generated productive models for imagining political agency. Yogita Goyal analyzes the tensions between romance and realism in the literature of the African diaspora, examining a remarkably diverse group of twentieth-century authors, including W. E. B. Du Bois, Chinua Achebe, Richard Wright, Ama Ata Aidoo and Caryl Phillips. Shifting the center of black diaspora studies by considering Africa as constitutive of black modernity rather than its forgotten past, Goyal argues that it is through the figure of romance that the possibility of diaspora is imagined across time and space. Drawing on literature, political history and postcolonial theory, this significant addition to the cross-cultural study of literatures will be of interest to scholars of African American studies, African studies and American literary studies.
Shaping Indian diaspora : literary representations and Bollywood consumption away from the Desi
Materialities of ritual in the Black Atlantic
"South African identities, as they are represented in the contemporary South African novel, are not homogeneous, but fractured and often conflicted: African, Afrikaner, 'colored,' English, and Indian. None can be regarded as rooted or pure, whatever essentialist claims the members of these various ethnic and cultural communities might want to make for them. All of them, this study argues, are deeply divided and have arisen, directly or indirectly, out of the experience of diasporic displacement, migration, and relocation, from the colonial, African, and Indian diasporas to present-day migrations into and out of South Africa, as well as diasporic dislocations within Africa. The book contains 20 works by 12 contemporary South African novelists - Breyten Breytenbach, J.M. Coetzee, Nadine Gordimer, Aziz Hassim, Michiel Heyns, Elsa Joubert, Zakes Mda, Njabulo S. Ndebele, Karel Schoeman, Patricia Schonstein Pinnock, Ivan Vladislavic, and Zoe Wicomb - and shows how diaspora is a dominant theme in contemporary South African fiction, and how the diasporic subject is a most recognizable figure."
Diaspora politics : at home abroad
Migration, diasporas and legal systems in Europe
Engagement dynamics between diasporas and settlement country institutions : Somalis in Italy and Finland
Diasporic Literature and Theory : Where Now?
Undoing and redoing home : the Bosnian war and diasporic home-making
Patrick Manning refuses to divide the African diaspora into the experiences of separate regions and nations. Instead, he follows the multiple routes that brought Africans and people of African descent into contact with one another and with Europe, Asia, and the Americas. In weaving these stories together, Manning shows how the waters of the Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea, and the Indian Ocean fueled dynamic interactions among black communities and cultures and how these patterns resembled those of a number of connected diasporas concurrently taking shaping across the globe. Manning begins in 1400 and traces five central themes: the connections that enabled Africans to mutually identify and hold together as a global community; discourses on race; changes in economic circumstance; the character of family life; and the evolution of popular culture. His approach reveals links among seemingly disparate worlds. In the mid-nineteenth century, for example, slavery came under attack in North America, South America, southern Africa, West Africa, the Ottoman Empire, and India, with former slaves rising to positions of political prominence. Yet at the beginning of the twentieth century, the near-elimination of slavery brought new forms of discrimination that removed almost all blacks from government for half a century. Manning underscores the profound influence that the African diaspora had on world history, demonstrating the inextricable link between black migration and the rise of modernity, especially in regards to the processes of industrialization and urbanization. A remarkably inclusive and far-reaching work, The African Diaspora proves that the advent of modernity cannot be imaginatively or comprehensively engaged without taking the African peoples and the African continent as a whole into account.
Routes of passage : rethinking the African diaspora. Vol. 1, part 1
Becoming Black : creating identity in the African diaspora
Gathering together : the Shawnee people through diaspora and nationhood, 1600-1870
Diaspora and Transnationalism : Concepts, Theories and Methods
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 6
Diaspora, ancient and medieval periods : Europe and the Near East
"A Companion to the Anthropology of the Middle East presents a comprehensive overview of current trends and future directions in anthropological research and activism in the modern Middle East"--
Diaspora of the gods : modern Hindu temples in an urban middle-class world
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Asian diasporas : new formations, new conceptions
Tracing the new Indian diaspora
"The first of its kind, The Encyclopedia of the Chinese Overseas provides a panoramic and comparative view across past and present overseas Chinese communities world wide. The Chinese diaspora has inherited mainland experiences, and they have modified and enriched them by transplantation to other continents and civilizations. This book includes the most important aspects of these experiences. The volume is geographically and thematically organized. The largest section consists of country-by-country profiles of individual Chinese communities. The rest divides into thematic sections on origins, migration, institutions, ties to China, and interethnic relations. Each of the sections is meant to be read continuously. They are accessible, scholarly, and authoritative. Complex material is clearly and vividly presented in text, boxed features, maps, graphs, tables, and archival and contemporary pictures. Chinese proper names and terms are identified with their characters in a glossary, while full references to Chinese, English, French, Spanish, and Russian works are given in the bibliography."
Michael : on the history of the Jews in the diaspora. Vol. 12
Romance, Diaspora, and Black Atlantic Literature
Voices of marginality : exile and return in second Isaiah 40-55 and the Mexican immigrant experience
"This volume combines literary analysis and theoretical approaches to mobility, diasporic identities and the construction of space to explore the different ways in which the notion of return shapes contemporary ethnic writing such as fiction, ethnography, memoir, and film. Through a wide variety of ethnic experiences ranging from the Transatlantic, Asian American, Latino/a and Caribbean alongside their corresponding forms of displacement - political exile, war trauma, and economic migration - the essays in this collection connect the intimate experience of the returning subject to multiple locations, historical experiences, inter-subjective relations, and cultural interactions. They challenge the idea of the narrative of return as a journey back to the untouched roots and home that the ethnic subject left behind. Their diacritical approach combines, on the one hand, a sensitivity to the context and structural elements of modern diaspora; and on the other, an analysis of the individual psychological processes inherent to the experience of displacement and return such as nostalgia, memory and belonging. In the narratives of return analyzed in this volume, space and identity are never static or easily definable; rather, they are in-process and subject to change as they are always entangled in the historical and inter-subjective relations ensuing from displacement and mobility. This book will interest students and scholars who wish to further explore the role of American literature within current debates on globalization, migration, and ethnicity"--
The Tatars of the Crimea : return to the homeland : studies and documents
Transnational migration, media and identity of Asian women : diasporic daughters
The diaspora - conflict - peace - nexus : a literature review
Diasporic engagement in the educational sector in post-conflict Somaliland : a contribution to peacebuilding
Africa's return migrants : the new developers?
Witches, goddesses, and angry spirits : the politics of spiritual liberation in African diaspora women's fiction
The Yoruba diaspora in the Atlantic world
Balkan currents : essays in honour of Kjell Magnusson
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
"New negroes from Africa" : slave trade abolition and free African settlement in the nineteenth-century Caribbean
"Literary, cinematic and media representations of the disputed category of the South Asian Muslim have undergone substantial change in the last few decades and particularly since the events of September 11, 2001. Here we find the first book-length critical analysis of these representations of Muslims from South Asia and its diaspora in literature, the media, culture and cinema.Contributors contextualize these depictions against the burgeoning post-9/11 artistic interest in Islam, and also against cultural responses to earlier crises on the subcontinent such as Partition (1947), the 1971 Indo-Pakistan war and secession of Bangladesh, the 1992 Ayodhya riots , the 2002 Gujarat genocide and the Kashmir conflict. Offering a comparative approach, the book explores connections between artists' generic experimentalism and their interpretations of life as Muslims in South Asia and its diaspora, exploring literary and popular fiction, memoir, poetry, news media, and film. The collection highlights the diversity of representations of Muslims and the range of approaches to questions of Muslim religious and cultural identity, as well as secular discourse. Essays by leading scholars in the field highlight the significant role that literature, film, and other cultural products such as music can play in opening up space for complex reflections on Muslim identities and cultures, and how such imaginative cultural forms can enable us to rethink secularism and religion.Surveying a broad range of up-to-date writing and cultural production, this concise and pioneering critical analysis of representations of South Asian Muslims will be of interest to students and academics of a variety of subjects including Asian Studies, Literary Studies, Media Studies, Women's Studies, Contemporary Politics, Migration History, Film studies, and Cultural Studies"--
Literatures of the African diaspora
Ambiguous visions of motherland, exilic identities and of diasporic belongin : in Marina Warner's Indigo
Listening to video art and the problem of too many homelands
Diasporic Africa : a reader / edited by Michael A. Gomez
Urban diaspora and the question of community
Afro modern : journeys through the Black Atlantic
Jewish journeys
Contribution of the Ethiopian diaspora to peace-building : a case study of the Tigrai Development Association
Uncovering the history of Africans in Asia
At home in exile : why diaspora is good for the Jews
Diasporas, cultures of mobilities, 'race'. 1, Diasporas and cultures of migrations
The Atlantic sound
Rohinton Mistry : ethnic enclosures and transcultural spaces
South Asia's modern history : thematic perspectives
A companion to the anthropology of the Middle East
Anthropology at the crossroads : the view from France
Perspectives of diaspora existence : Hungarian diasporas in the Carpahtian Basin - historical and current contexts of a specific diaspora interpretation and its aspects of ethnic minority protection
Keeping the faith : Syriac Christian diasporas
Negotiating diaspora : Jewish strategies in the Roman Empire
Diaspora : an introduction
West African migrations : transnational and global pathways in a new century
The Chinese diaspora in South-East Asia : the overseas Chinese in Indo-China
Setting a social reform agenda : the peacebuilding dimension of the Rights Movement of the Ethiopian muslims diaspora
Creating memorials, building identities : the politics of memory in the black Atlantic
The Republic of Armenia and the rethinking of the North-American Diaspora in literature
Diaspora global politics : Kurdish transnational networks and accommodation of nationalism
Diaspora and identity in South African fiction
Asian migrations : sojourning, displacement, homecoming and other travels
This is the first critical collection devoted to the British-Caribbean author Caryl Phillips, a major voice in contemporary anglophone literatures. Phillips's impressive body of fiction, drama, and non-fiction has garnered wide praise for its formal inventiveness and its incisive social criticism as well as its unusually sensitive understanding of the human condition. The twenty-six contributions offered here, including two by Phillips himself, address the fundamental issues that have preoccupied the writer in his now three-decades-long career - the enduring legacy of history, the intricate workings of identity, and the pervasive role of race, class, and gender in societies worldwide. Most of Phillips's writing is covered here, in essays that approach it from various thematic and interpretative angles. These include the interplay of fact and fiction, Phillips's sometimes ambiguous literary affiliations, his long-standing interest in the black and Jewish diasporas, and his exploration of Britain and its 'Others', and his use of motifs such as masking and concealment.
Diasporic women's writing of the Black Atlantic : (en)gendering literature and performance
Armenians in post-socialist Europe
In the last few decades, the people of the African diaspora have intensified their struggles against racial discrimination and for equality. Here is an account of these social movements in Latin America, the Indian Ocean World, Europe, Canada and the United States, that includes analyses of land claims, environmental justice efforts, union organizing, electoral participation and hip hop as social critique. Contributors include Carolyn Fluehr-Lobban, Manning Marable, Premilla Nadasen, George Priestley, Mark Sawyer, and Julia Sudbury.
Somali diaspora in Finland : assistance of the country of origin
Black religion and aesthetics : religious thought and life in Africa and the African diaspora
Culture, diaspora, and modernity in Muslim writing
"The Things That Fly in the Night explores images of vampirism in Caribbean and African diasporic folk traditions and in contemporary fiction. Giselle Liza Anatol focuses on the figure of the soucouyant, or Old Hag--an aged woman by day who sheds her skin during night's darkest hours in order to fly about her community and suck the blood of her unwitting victims. In contrast to the glitz, glamour, and seductiveness of conventional depictions of the European vampire, the soucouyant triggers unease about old age and female power. Tracing relevant folklore through the English- and French-speaking Caribbean, the U.S. Deep South, and parts of West Africa, Anatol shows how tales of the nocturnal female bloodsuckers not only entertain and encourage obedience in pre-adolescent listeners, but also work to instill particular values about women's "proper" place and behaviors in society at large. Alongside traditional legends, Anatol considers the explosion of soucouyant and other vampire narratives among writers of Caribbean and African heritage who in the past twenty years have rejected the demonic image of the character and used her instead to urge for female mobility, racial and cultural empowerment, and anti colonial resistance. Texts include work by authors as diverse as Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison, U.S. National Book Award winner Edwidge Danticat, and science fiction/fantasy writers Octavia Butler and Nalo Hopkinson"--
The Americanization of Zionism, 1897-1948
