http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8499 gospel music
gospel music
Face to face
Live from Las Vegas
Preaching the gospel : Holy blues
Toddler tunes : 25 classic songs for toddlers
The fight of my life
Reunited
Folk music and modern sound : essays
Louisiana music : a journey from R & B to zydeco, jazz to country, blues to gospel, Cajun music to swamp pop to carnival music and beyond
Jubilation
Amazing grace : the complete recordings
Sanctified singers. Part 1
The best of The Dixie Hummingbirds
Body piercing saved my life : inside the phenomenon of Christian rock
Gospel Journey
Mel Bay's 100 gospel favorites for guitar
Gospel classics. Volume 3 : 1924-1942: Complete recorded works in chronological order
Silly songs : 18 wholesome fun songs for kids
Gospel and country club date handbook : music, chords, words for musicians, entertainers, party givers : C-book
The collection
The electric word
Another day's journey
Dream boogie : the triumph of Sam Cooke
One Lord, one faith, one baptism
Sunday school songs : 15 classic Christian songs for kids
Gospel keepsakes : the unreleased recordings
One way ticket
The Best of the famous Ward Singers of Philadelphia, PA
Just a closer walk with thee : the best of the Vee-Jay years 1963-1965
Before your throne
I believe : the gospel masters
My soul looks back : the genius of Marion Williams 1962-1992
The gospel collection
If you don't go, don't hinder me : the African American sacred song tradition
What grace
Country gospel : classic album collection. CD1
Music in the air
Send the praise
The Great gospel women : 31 classic performances by the greatest gospel women
Jesus is here with us = Jeesus on täällä kanssamme
Around the campfire : guitar/vocal
On fire
The Billboard guide to contemporary Christian music
Let the church sing! : music and worship in a black Mississippi community
Lord I belong to you
Great God a'mighty! the Dixie Hummingbirds : celebrating the rise of soul gospel music
If we ever needed the lord before
Gospel Christmas
Roots n' blues   4cd+1tl
Homecoming : The story of southern gospel music through the eyes of its best-loved performers
The Sacred Shakers
Mighty wind
Ain't no grave : the life and legacy of Brother Claude Ely
Great day
This is Mahalia Jackson : the worlds greatest gospel singer
Standing in the safety zone
Action bible songs : 17 classic Christian songs for kids
100 singalong songs for kids
The gospel tradition : the roots and the branches. Volume 1.
Etais-Unis : Gospel
Children
Spirit in the dark!
There will be a light
Blues : The perfect blues collection : 25 original albums
Nothin' but the Truth!
Treasure the questions
She thinks I still care : the complete United Artists recordings 1962 - 1964
Cedarmont worship for kids 2
Soulfully
Washington Phillips and his manzarene dreams
Black's a feeling
Stories behind 50 southern gospel favorites. Volume 2
Shout, sister, shout! : the untold story of rock-and-roll trailblazer sister Rosetta Tharpe
Lost & found series. Vol. 1
And the message is love : the best of Al Green
The real Johnny Cash: the ultimate Johnny Cash collection
Too Close To Heaven : The Illustrated history of gospel music
The living years
Sanctified jug bands (1928-30) : the complete recordings in chronological order of Elder Richard Bryant, Brother Williams, Holy Ghost Sancti
Dyin' to live!
Louis and the Good Book
The million dollar quartet : Jerry Lee, Carl, Elvis & Johnny
Worship Africa. Volume 3
Better than that
The gospel sound : Good news and bad times
Elvis recorded live on stage in Memphis
Modern gospel from West Africa
Bible songs : 16 classic Christian songs for kids
Art of field recordings : fifty years of traditional American music. Volume II
Album of negro spirituals
Gospel favourites : take my hand
Joy Gospel Choir : [esitys:] Joy Gospel Choir
Now I see
Shirley Caesar and friends
Stories behind 50 southern gospel favorites. Volume 1
Worship Africa. Volume 2
His hand in mine
Doing their thing
The Essential Gospel Sampler
Life changing
Be altitude : respect yourself
Walk through this world with me : the complete Musicor recordings 1965 - 1971. Part 1
Big box of George Jones
Salvation in lights
Piety street
Get right with God : hot gospel
You'll never walk alone
THE GOSPEL SOUND : GOOD NEWS AND BAD TIMES
A Dream to believe in. Vol. 2
You done what the doctor couldn't do
For the living of these days
Greatest hits
The Gospel queen
I brought him with thee
The best worship songs...ever! : 50 of the most popular modern worship songs
Singing in my soul : black gospel music in a secular age
The RCA albums collection
Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music. Volume Four : a compendium of musical recordings
The blood
Great songs of love and faith
Country church time
In touch with the gospel
Happy all the time
Southland of the heart
The story of gospel music : the power in the voice
I saw the light : white spirituals & country gospel
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
Work & pray on
It'll all be over
Precious memories. Volume 2
Gotta serve somebody : the gospel songs of Bob Dylan
Amazing grace : his greatest sacred performances
Worship and bow down
The best of Celtic praise & worship. Volume 1
None but the righteous : the masters of sacred steel
I hear music in the air : a treasury of gospel music
To heaven U ride
Good news [CD] : 22 gospel greats
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
Worship Africa. Volume 1
Gospel classics. Volume 2 : 1927-1935: Complete recorded works in chronological order
The best of The Golden Gate Quartet
Wow gospel 2013 : 30 of the year's top gospel artists and songs
Steppin' out
Elvis gospel 1957-1971 : known only to him
Northern Wilderness
Cedarmont worship for kids 3
The Truman and Eisenhower blues : African-american blues and gospel songs, 1945-1960
A message from the ghetto
Cedarmont worship for kids 1
Country gospel : classic album collection. CD3
WOW-gospel : 1998 : the year's 30 top gospel artists and songs
The Gospel tradition. Vol. 1: The roots and the branches
Sanctified singers. Part 2
Country gospel : classic album collection. CD2
Original album classics
The Delta Records story
Wow gospel 2013 : 14 of the year's top gospel artists and songs
