http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p849 perioperative care
perioperative care
The RN first assistant : an expanded perioperative nursing role
Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing. Volume 2
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
Essentials of Perioperative Nursing, Fifth Edition is the perfect resource of perioperative nursing students and current operating room nurses needing to refresh and test their knowledge. The Fifth Edition contains the essentials all nursing students, regardless of nursing specialty, need to make the transition from student to practitioner in the perioperative setting. Completely updated and revised to reflect current perioperative practice, the new edition also provides crucial information and skills that the perioperative nurse must master to thrive independently at an entry level.
Perianesthesia patient care for uncommon diseases
Intraoperative caring expectations and experiences of mothers going through a cesarean section
Developing strategies for computer-assisted learning  : a case of perioperative nursing
Handbook of medical-surgical nursing
Fast facts for the operating room nurse : an orientation and care guide in a nutshell
Patient Experience in Being Awake during Invasive Procedure and Nursing Ways to Enhance Cooperation : Literature Review
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
Advances and emerging topics in perioperative pediatric nursing
Training at operation unit is a part of basic nursing studies. Because of the international programmes of the University of Applied Science, there are students from other cultures and other countries performing clinical training at operation unit of the Tampere University Hospital (TUH). This bachelor's thesis is a booklet for English speaking student for operation unit of the TUH.     This thesis is a functional bachelor's thesis and it is composed in three parts: report, theory and final part. The report part is about the process of the thesis, theoretical part consists of general information of operation room environment and operation room nursing. The final part is the booklet in the final form.     The result is the booklet which will help both the English speaking student to orientate easily to the operation room practises and nurse who have limited language skills to supervise and guide foreign student in his / her work. The thesis is made in co-operation with representatives of the operation unit of the TUH.       Keywords: Booklet, perioperative nursing, student orientation, orientation material, supervised clinical training, student supervision..
Transplant patients undergoing nontransplant surgeries are increasingly common. In Finland, an anaesthesia nurse is responsible for the planning, preparation and monitoring of anaesthesia during surgery together with the anaesthetist. The purpose of the thesis was to examine the special considerations and recommendations in anaesthesia nursing of a kidney transplant patient. The thesis focused on the perioperative care of a kidney transplant patient, and a Finnish anaesthesia nurse's role in implementing it. The objective was to increase nurses' and nursing students' knowledge on kidney transplant patients' anaesthesia considerations.  Information was gathered by conducting a literature review. The core themes, kidney transplant patients and anaesthesia nursing, formed the basis for the literature search. Ten articles from reliable sources were selected and critically analysed. The results describe the advisable nursing interventions considering a kidney transplant patient's anaesthesia during surgery.  The results indicate that preparing a kidney transplant patient's anaesthesia requires careful consideration. A kidney transplant and the end-stage renal disease leading to it affect many aspects of perioperative care, such as medication, fluid therapy and the surgical position. Thus it is essential to comprehend a kidney transplant's effects on the patient and their anaesthesia. Further studies on different transplant patients' anaesthesia nursing would be beneficial in order to increase the safety of all transplant patients.
Enhancing the compatibility of surgical robots with magnetic resonance imaging
Surgical site skin desinfection : desired guideline
The quality of perioperative care : developing a patient-oriented measurement tool
Study guide for Fundamental nursing skills and concepts, tenth edition
Perioperative nursing
Systematic review and evidence-based guidance on perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis
Feeling like Alice in Wonderland? : day surgery guidelines for English speaking patients
Practical perioperative transesophageal echocardiography : with critical care echocardiography
Perianesthesia nursing : a critical care approach
Perioperative nurses' experiences of foreign clients in the operation units of hospital of Central Finland
Sabiston textbook of surgery : the biological basis of modern surgical practice
Surgical draping : principles and practice
Handbook for Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Medical management of the surgical patient
Clinical fluid therapy in the perioperative setting
Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Manual of Fast Track Recovery for Colorectal Surgery
Medical-surgical nursing : health and illness perspectives
Alexanderȧs care of the patient in surgery
Surgical counts : don't make a case of it
The quality of perioperative care developing a patient-oriented measurement tool
Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing. Volume 1
The nursing management of emergence delirium : a mixed-methods study
A textbook of perioperative care
Pocket essentials of clinical surgery
Tiivistelmä: Perioperative nurses' experiences of foreign clients in the operation units of hospital of Central Finland.
Perioperative nursing data set : the perioperative nursing vocabulary
Perioperative documentation in Finland : validating the Perioperative Nursing Data Set  in Finnish perioperative nursing
Instrumentation for the operating room : a photographic manual
Medical-surgical nursing : concepts and practice
"Fundamentals of Medical Surgical Nursing is a comprehensive yet accessible textbook on medical and surgical nursing designed to inform and guide learning related to the nursing care of the adult patient. It provides a foundation in anatomy and physiology, pathophysiology, medical management, and nursing care for the spectrum of adult health conditions. Divided into two sections, the first looks at common principles underlying medical and surgical nursing practice. In section two, students will be able to apply relevant anatomy and physiology to enhance their understanding and inform their nursing care of medical and surgical conditions." -- Provided by publisher.
Brunner and Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Caring for the perioperative patient
Surgical nursing : advancing practice
Aseptic technique : principles and practices
Perioperative nursing practice
"Sabiston Textbook of Surgery is your ultimate foundation for confident surgical decision making. Covering the very latest science and data affecting your treatment planning, this esteemed medical reference helps you make the most informed choices so you can ensure the best outcome for every patient. -Keep up with the very latest developments concerning abdominal wall reconstruction, tumor immunology and immunotherapy, peripheral vascular disease, regenerative medicine, liver transplantation, kidney and pancreas transplantation, small bowel transplantation, the continually expanding role of minimally invasive and robotic surgery, and many other rapidly evolving areas. -Weigh your options by reviewing the most recent outcomes data and references to the most current literature. -Consult it on the go with online access at expertconsult.com, and get regular updates on timely new findings and advances. -Overcome tough challenges, manage unusual situations, and avoid complications with the most trusted advice in your field." -- (Back Cover)
Reconstructive plastic surgical nursing : clinical management and wound care
Medical-surgical nursing : critical thinking in patient care
Medical-surgical nursing : critical thinking in client care
Attitudes of perioperative personnel : a comparative research on safety culture and usage of surgical safety checklist
Handbook for focus on adult health : medical-surgical nursing
The Nursing Management of Emergence Delirium: A Mixed-Methods Study
Review of perioperative nursing
Anaesthesia of a kidney transplant patient : nursing recommendations
Surgical oncology nursing
Aids to anaesthesia clinical practice
Principles and practice
Nursing the surgical patient
The influence of continuous epidural analgesia and general anaesthesia on the peri- and postoperative course of patients subjected to retropubic prostatectomy
Study guide to accompany Brunner and Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Care skills for nurses
Medical-surgical nursing made incredibly easy!
Phipps' medical-surgical nursing : health and illness perspectives
Perioperative nursing : principles and practice
Medical-surgical nursing : clinical reasoning in patient care
Anesthesia and perioperative care of the combat casulty
Berry & Kohn's operating room technique
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Perioperative standards and recommended practices
Fast facts for the medical-surgical nurse : clinical orientation in a nutshell
Fundamentals of medical-surgical nursing : a systems approach
"For 50 years, Berry & Kohn's Operating Room Technique has been the text of choice for understanding basic surgical principles and techniques. Berry & Kohn's enjoys continued success in both educational and professional markets because of its readability, accuracy, clarity, and comprehensiveness. It covers the "nuts and bolts" of surgical techniques in a step-by-step format that enables learners to effectively apply basic principles to clinical practice. The eleventh edition features an engaging full-color design, a new chapter on spinal surgery, new Patient and Team Safety boxes, unique perioperative flash cards, expanded teaching supplements for instructors, and much more. Includes: Detailed coverage presents the fundamentals of perioperative nursing and surgical technology roles ; A strong focus on the physiological, psychological, and spiritual considerations of perioperative patients gives you the knowledge you need to plan and implement comprehensive, individualized care ; Discussions of perioperative patient care for both inpatient and ambulatory procedures highlights key considerations for each setting, as well as for individual surgical procedures ; In-depth discussions of patients with special needs related to age or health status helps you learn to develop of a plan of care tailored to the unique care parameters of all patients ; Helpful features such as chapter outlines with page numbers, chapter objectives, and key terms and definitions help you quickly find important information and focus your study time."--Publisher's website.
Perianesthesia nursing care : a bedside guide for safe recovery
Journal of advanced perioperative care
Concepts of scrubbing, gowning and gloving
Safely positioning the surgical patient
Guidelines for clinical training at the operation unit of the Tampere University Hospital (TUH) : booklet for english speaking student
Medical-surgical nursing recall
Alexander's care of the patient in surgery
Clinical Handbook for Medical-Surgical Nursing
Essentials of perioperative nursing
Educational Application Design Process Experiences : Case Perioperative Nursing
Perioperative patient care : the nursing perspective
