http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8497 metal products
metal products
Technology in transition : A.D. 300-650 / edited by Luke Lavan, Enrico Zanini and Alexander Sarantis ; with the assistance of Ine Jacobs, Dirk Booms, Bart de Graeve
Teräs = Steel. Osa 2, Kuumavalssatut rakenneteräkset : ainestandardit = Hot rolled products of structural steels : material standards
Translucent materials : glass, synthetic materials, metal
J. P. Kayser Sohn : founded 1844, Krefeld : General Catalogue 1912.
Results flow control : Metso customer magazine for the flow control business
Materials and design : the art and science of material selection in product design
"A collection of papers focusing on questions of Copper Age metallurgical contexts, outlining the importance of an integrated analysis of artefacts, considering pottery, metal, stone and osseous productions as inseparable aspects of economic and social choices."
Material thoughts
Aluminium : by design
Materials : for inspirational design
Handbook of product design for manufacturing : a practical guide to low-cost production
DFM(A) -aspects of fabricating front panels for telecommunication cabinet plug-in units and use in similar product types
Mechanical engineer's handbook. Vol. 1, Materials and mechanical design
Cost competitiveness of Chinese and Finnish fabricated metal industries
Conveying user experience in business-to-business environment : a case study from metal and engineering industry
PDM system functions and utilizations analysis to improve the efficiency of sheet metal product design and manufacturing
Steels and materials for power plants
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
50 products : innovation in design and materials
The melting iron curtain : a comparative analysis of the Northwest Russian metal clusterr
We make choices every day and the choices are determined by our experiences, preferences and expectations. Brand is the factor that adds value to a product or service in people's minds. We support different brands and accept their existence by making choices. The purpose of this thesis is to provide a better understanding and benefits of branding. In order to reach this purpose, research questions focusing on the example of ASSA ABLOY brand and how the company achieves brand attractiveness were stated. Based on these research questions, a review of the relevant literature was conducted, resulting in a conceptual framework that was used to guide the study's data collection. A qualitative, desk research approach was used using relevant literature and interviews with managers working for ASSA ABLOY. Case study was the best-suited approach since this research paper focused on analyzing, how company achieves its brand attractiveness in a deeper methodical way. The study shows that ASSA ABLOY, as the master brand, is increasing its visibility for total security solutions as the world'́s largest provider of security solutions. It also shows that developing the visual elements of a brand makes it more attractive.
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
Metal : design and fabrication
Final report. 1/2015, User experience and usability in complex systems - UXUS
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 98/37/EC
Preparation for ramp-up production process in metal manufacturing
Simson : technology, organisation and people - towards world class manufacturing
Die vielen Wurzeln von Kumera : 50 Jahre Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = The many roots of Kumera : 50 years Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = Kumeran monet juuret : 50 vuotta Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
Workshop technology part 1 : An introductory course. 1, An introductory course
Art and design in modern custom fixed-blade knives
Care & repair of antiques & collectables : a step-by-step guide
500 metal vessels : contemporary explorations of containment
Tampella : Tampere's heart of iron
Fiskars 1649 : 360 years of Finnish industrial history
The Victorian catalogue of household goods : a complete compendium of over five thousand items to furnish and decorate the Victorian home
Modern custom knives : the great collections
Branding - the path to success? : case ASSA ABLOY
Die Vielen Wurzeln von Kumera = The many roots of Kumera = Kumeran monet juuret
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
Modern metal cutting : a practical handbook
Stala : kitchen efficiency
Managing new product development project implementation in metal industry
Materials processing during casting
InnoSteel - true stories made out of steel
Leimet 50 : from a blacksmith's workshop into a global player
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 89/392/EEC
Fundamentals of modern manufacturing : materials, processes, and systems
Social, economic and symbolic perspectives at the dawn of metal production
Metals to protect the body
Red gold of Africa : copper in precolonial history and culture
Fireplace accessories : historic and contemporary
Alihankinnasta omaan mallistoon (Arvo Piiroinen Oy:n metallihuonekaluja; haastatteluja) = From subcontracting to their own range of furniture (Metal furnitures of Arvo Piiroinen Oy; interviews)
WMF Ikora-Metall : 1920er bis 1960er Jahre = WMF Ikora Metalwork : from the 1920s to the 1960s
Metals : materials for inspirational design
The collection of ancient and later coins : property of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Part 2, Greek coins from the John Ward collection
The complete guide to metal boas : building, maintenamce, and repair
Modern machine shop's handbook for the metalworking industries
Industrial coating of metal surfaces
General conditions for the supply and erection of mechanical, electrical and electronic products : Brussels, September 2001.
Material matters : new materials in design
Materials for engineers and technicians
Norpe 50 : 1953-2003
Matthew Hilton : furniture for our time
