http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8494 Jews (religious groups)
Jews (religious groups)
The last secret of the temple
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Nazi Germany and the jews. Vol. 1 : The years of persecution, 1933-1939
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Consumption and market society in Israel
The Mozart question
Pictorial history of the Jewish people : from Bible times to our own day throughout the world
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
The new standard Jewish encyclopedia
The Jerusalem syndrome : my life as a reluctant messiah
Jewish Americans : Three generations in a Jewish community
This year in Jerusalem
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Amsterdam, 1943 Hanneke spends her days procuring and delivering sought-after black-market goods to paying customers, her nights hiding the true nature of her work from her concerned parents, and every waking moment mourning her boyfriend, who was killed on the front line when the Germans invaded. She likes to think of her illegal work as a small act of rebellion. But one day Hanneke gets a very unusual request. One of her regular customers asks her to find a girl. A girl who has disappeared from the secret room in her house. A Jewish girl. As she searches for clues Hanneke is drawn into a dangerous web of lies, secrets and mysteries but needs to find the runaway before the Nazis do.
A dictionary of Jewish names and their history
My people : the story of the Jews
The sons of scripture : the Karaites in Poland and Lithuania in the twentieth century
The slaughter of the Jews in the Ukraine in 1919
A social and religious history of the Jews. Volumes 1-2, Ancient times : volume 1 : to the beginning of the christian era
Simon and the bear : a Hanukkah tale
Bukharan Jews in the Soviet Union : autobiographical narrations of mobility, continuity and change
A social and religious history of the Jews. Vol. 8, High Middle ages, 500-1200 : Philosophy and science
A history of the Jews
Voices of a people : Yiddish folk song
The history of the Jewish Khazars
Prague counterpoint
My country : the story of modern Israel
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales. Volume 3
The jewish 100 : a ranking of the most inluential jews of all time
Nights of awe
Pitkä tie kotiin : The long way home
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales. Volume 1
Jewish labour news
Captivity
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
Warsaw requiem
Understanding American jewry
The Last Kabbalist of Lisbon
The Jewish state : (Der Judenstaat)
Jewish folklore and ethnology review
Abstract: Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts.
The girl in the blue coat
The kiss of the Shekhinah : narratives of human and divine motherhood in the Holocaust
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
A history of the Jews : from the Babylonian exile to the present 5728-1968
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
Twenty centuries of Jewish people in the Holy Land : the forgotten generations
Friday the rabbi slept late
Promise and fulfilment : Palestine 1917-1949
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
The iron wall : Israel and the Arab World
A storyteller's worlds : the education of Shlomo Noble in Europe and America
A short history of Jewish art
Visions of the night : a study of Jewish dream interpretation
The haj
NO TIME-LIMIT FOR THESE CRIMES
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
A meal in winter
Herzl : Theodore Herzl and the foundation of the Jewish State
Ethnographic questionnaires : after method, after questions
During the Holocaus Jewish mothers and their children were treated by the Nazis not as non-combatants but as enemies posing a direct racial threat to the Reich. This paper will use the recent research into gender and the Holocaust and oral histories of mothers and daughters who survived the Holocaust to show how woment experienced and resisted that status as "enemies" of the Reich. And more to the theological point, this paper will explore how those mothers' suffering and resistance to their own and their children's suffering signals towards another model of convenantal relation between God and Israel where God's promise to Israel in Leviticus 26: "I will be ever in your midst; I will be your God, and you shall be My people" need no longer be figured in terms of loyality and obedience to the commandment of an overbearing Lord.
The Jewish people in the first century : historical geography, political history, social, cultural and religious life and institutions. Vol. 1
The last Jews in Berlin
Mina's story : a doctor's memoir of the Holocaust
Mercy of Rude Stream. Volume 1 : A star shines over Mt Morris Park
Conspiracy of blood and smoke
The Jews in Canada
Countrymen
On modern Jewish politics
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
A song of longing : an Ethiopian journey
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
The Jew as pariah : Jewish identity and politics in the modern age
The cult of Molek : a reassessment
Envisioning Judaism : studies in honor of Peter Schäfer on the occasion of his seventieth birthday. Volume 1
"The most unforgettable character I've met" : the Jewish mother in Philip Roth's Portnoy's Complaint
New world Hasidim : ethnographic studies of Hasidic Jews in America
Forgotten voices of the holocaust
A social and religious history of the Jews. Volumes 1-2, Ancient times : volume 2 : christian era: the first five centuries
The list : a novel
At home in exile : why diaspora is good for the Jews
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales. Volume 2
These are the names : studies in Jewish onomastics. Vol. 2
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Judaistisk forskning, 1970-1975 : Nordisk bibliografi = Bibliography of research in Jewish studies in Scandinavia, 1970-1975
The story of the Jews : finding the words 1000 BCE-1492 CE
Monday the rabbi took off
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
Some girls, some hats and Hitler : a true love story
Selected letters of Mary Antin
This burning land : lessons from the front lines of the transformed Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
Behind God's back
Their promised land : my grandparents in love and war
A brief stop : on the road from Auschwitz
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Favorite hebrew songs for voice & piano
Who's who in Jewish history after the period of the Old Testament
The Yiddish fake book
Jewish art : from the Bible to Chagall
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
The Jewish people : their history and their religion
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
The chosen
The Earth is singing
The darkest hour : a novel
Jewish law and legal theory
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
The Yiddish policemen's union : a novel
Contemporary Jewish writing in Britain and Ireland : an anthology
The Jews : their history, culture, and religion. 1-2
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Jews and other differences : the new Jewish cultural studies
Jewish holiday songs for children : with dances and games for all seasons
Thursday the rabbi walked out
The book thief
Can Jews produce Christian art? : the church's reception of Jewish crucifixion imagery after the holocaust
The Jewish year
Raisins and almonds
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
The rise of political anti-semitism in Germany and Austria
Jews and gentiles in early Jewish novels
How Mirka caught a fish
Let there be laughter : a treasury of great Jewish humor & what it all means
The Jewish polity : Jewish political organization from biblical times to the present
Judaism and its social metaphors : Israel in the history of Jewish thought
The hippopotamus
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
A short history of the Jews
The Jew of New York
Discrimination and hate crime against Jews in EU Member States : experiences and perceptions of antisemitism
Black Cross
Nazi Germany and the jews. [Vol. 2] : The years of extermination, 1939-1945
One day in France : tragedy and betrayal in an occupied village
Moonglow : a novel
Jewish folk art : from Biblical days to modern times
The superiority complex of the English gentry and the lifting of the Jewish Other in two versions of George Eliot's Daniel Deronda
The butchers of berlin
Thinking the twentieth century
Jewish proper names and derivatives in the Koran
The Ghetto
The book of Jewish knowledge : an encyclopedia of Judaism and the Jewish people, covering all elements of Jewish life from biblical times to the present
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
The sacred Chain : the history of the Jews
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
Denkmal für die ermordeten Juden Europas, Berlin = Memorial to the murdered jews in Europe, Berlin
From the host of NPR affiliates Forum with Michael Krasny, a compendium of Jewish jokes that packs the punches with hilarious riff after riff and also offers a window into Jewish culture.Michael Krasny has been telling Jewish jokes since his bar mitzvah, and its been said that he knows more of them than anyone on the planet. He certainly states his case in this wise, enlightening, and hilarious book that not only collects the best of Jewish humor passed down from generation to generation, but explains the cultural expressions and anxieties behind the laughs. "Whats Jewish Alzheimers?""You forget everything but the grudges." "You must be so proud. Your daughter is the President of the United States!""Yes. But her brother is a doctor!" "Isn't Jewish humor masochistic?""No. And if I hear that one more time I am going to kill myself." With his background as a scholar and public-radio host, Krasny delves deeply into the themes, topics, and form of Jewish humor: chauvinism undercut by irony and self-mockery, the fear of losing cultural identity through assimilation, the importance of vocal inflection in joke-telling, and calls to communal memory, including the use of Yiddish. Borrowing from traditional humor and such Jewish comedy legends as Jackie Mason, Mel Brooks, and Joan Rivers, Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Jerry Seinfeld and Amy Schumer, Let There Be Laughter is an absolute pleasure for the chosen and goyim alike.
The Jewish people in the first century : historical geography, political history, social, cultural and religious life and institutions. Vol. 2
The darkest hour
Pictorial history of the Jewish people : From Bible times to our own day throughout the world
The search warrant
Eyewitness to Jewish history
Monday morning cooking club : the feast goes on
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
Shadows on the Hudson : [a novel]
Booking passage : exile and homecoming in the modern Jewish imagination
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
Prisoner of night and fog
Jewish studies in the 21st century : Prague, Europe, world
The crime and the silence : a quest for the truth of a wartime massacre
Souls on fire : portraits and legends of Hasidic masters
Anne Frank's tales from the secret annexe
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
The age of reinvention
The Jewish state : an attempt at a modern solution of the Jewish question
The English girl
Jewish folk songs : in Yiddish and English
Israel pocket library. 12, Anti-semitism
History and culture of Jewish people on the territory of Russia
Munich signature
The Jewish artistic heritage
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Hebrew music
Good people
