http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8498 constructivism
constructivism
Science without myth : on constructions, reality, and social knowledge
Heidegger & Derrida : reflections on time and language
Key works in radical constructivism
The role of emotions in organizational culture : "emotional-organizational model"
Abstract.
The instructional design knowledge base : theory, research, and practice
Overcoming poststructuralism : Rawls, Kratochwil and the structure of normative reasoning in international relations
Advocates in norm-building : gender mainstreaming in conflict resolution, peacekeeping and peace-building
Constructivist views on the teaching and learning of mathematics
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
Russian constructivism : "laboratory period"
Rethinking Malevich : proceedings of a conference in celebration of the 125th anniversary of Kazimir Malevich
Constructivism in mathematics : an introduction. Vol. 1
Cognitive development : neo-Piagetian perspectives
The constructivist moment : from material text to cultural poetics
Collaborative processes of sharing perspectives in web-based learning
The content of science : a constructivist approach to its teaching and learning
The tradition of constructivism / ed. and with an intr. by Stephen Bann
This is my truth, tell me yours : developing self-knowledge through text analysis of popular music lyrics : a teaching material package
Mondrian : nature to abstraction : from the Gemeentemuseum, The Hague : the Tate Gallery, London, 26 July - 30 November 1997 / Bridget Riley
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
Paul Klee : legends of the sign
Instructional theories of B. F. Skinner and J. S. Bruner
A political sociology of the European Union : reassessing constructivism
Struggles over corporate social responsibility meanings in teaching practices : the case of hybrid problem-based learning
Radical constructivism : a way of knowing and learning
Pedagogical Manuscript for Landscape Ecology Course
Constructivism and education
Gendered representations of leadership : profiles of female leaders in the global business press
Entrepreneurship through constructivist lenses : visionary entrepreneurship process : a conceptual development
Discourse, cognition, and reality : toward a social constructionist metatheory for library and information science
Unfolding social constructionism
Organizations, art and gender
The Erling Neby collection : [Henie Onstad Centre, Oslo, May 19 till Sept. 11. 2011] / Karin Hellandsjø, editor
Naum Gabo : sixty years of constructivism
New testament theology in a secular world : a constructivist work in philosophical epistemology and Christian apologetics
Education about and through technology:in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Developing constructivist early childhood curriculum : practical principles and activities
Rodchenko & Popova : defining constructivism
The plans for the gigantic Monument to the Third International were completed in 1920 by Vladimir Tatlin, the Russian painter and visionary designer who was a key figure of Russian constructivism. Planned as the headquarters and monument of the Comintern in Petrograd, it was to be made from industrial materials - iron, glass, and steel - as a towering symbol of modernity. Because of the political turmoil and housing shortages in Russia after the 1917 Revolution, the building was never constructed, but it remains a celebrated icon of revolutionary art. In this insightful book, Norbert Lynton investigates the sources and symbolism of Tatlin's Tower and considers not only its significance but also the broader role of allegory in abstraction and as an expression of man's highest aspirations.Then, in light of his new symbolic reading of the Tower, Lynton examines Tatlin's flying machine, Letatlin, and earlier works in his career and discusses their impact on other Russian painters, sculptors, designers and architects of his era.
Learning mathematics ; constructivist and interactionist theories of mathematical development
Mathematics as a constructive activity : learners generating examples
Varvara Stepanova : makers of avant-garde
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Comprehensive handbook of personality and psychopathology. Vol. 1 : Personality and everyday functioning
Constructivist and curriculum issues in school mathematics education : mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook 1992-1993
Cubism, futurism and constructivism / J. M. Nash
The persistence of "constructivism" in anthropology
Mind, culture, and activity
Sotsgorod, the problem of building socialist cities
Emotions in second language learning as seen in autobiographical narratives written by university students : a discursive study
Alexander Vesnin and Russian constructivism / Selim Omarovich Khan-Magomedov
Socially phobic clients' self-descriptions, treatment progress and reflexivity in short-term cognitive-constructivist group psychotherapy
Career counselling : constructivist approaches
Playing (with) educational games : first and second order gaming
Constructivist thinking in counseling practice, research and training
On a practical realization of Kolb's experiential learning cycle
Poesin måste göras av alla! Förandra världen! = Poetry must be made by all! Tranform the world! : Moderna Museet, Stockholm, 1969
Constructive ethics
A constructivist approach to block play in early childhood
At the time of Picasso
Making theory/constructing art : on the authority of the avant-garde / Daniel Herwitz
Constructivist instruction : success or failure?
Coding, once considered an arcane craft practiced by solitary techies, is now recognized by educators and theorists as a crucial skill, even a new literacy, for all children. Programming is often promoted in K-12 schools as a way to encourage "computational thinking" -- which has now become the umbrella term for understanding what computer science has to contribute to reasoning and communicating in an ever-increasingly digital world. In Connected Code, Yasmin Kafai and Quinn Burke argue that although computational thinking represents an excellent starting point, the broader conception of "computational participation" better captures the twenty-first-century reality. Computational participation moves beyond the individual to focus on wider social networks and a DIY culture of digital "making." Kafai and Burke describe contemporary examples of computational participation: students who code not for the sake of coding but to create games, stories, and animations to share; the emergence of youth programming communities; the practices and ethical challenges of remixing (rather than starting from scratch); and the move beyond stationary screens to programmable toys, tools, and textiles.
'New ethnicities' under construction : Bangladeshi muslim women in Zadie Smith's White teeth and Monica Ali's Brick Lane
Olle Bærtling : a modern classic : [the National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo 14.6. - 19.9.2007 : Moderna Museet, Stockholm 6.10.2007 - 6.1.2008] / catalogue, editors: John Peter Nilsson ... [et al.]
Kunst und Naturform = Form in art and nature = Art et nature / herausgegeben von Georg Schmidt und Robert Schenk ; mit ener Einführung von Adolf Portmann
Social reality
Circle : international survey of constructive art / editors J. L. Martin, Ben Nicholson, N. Gabo
A constructivist analysis of the U.S. rogue state policy in towards Iran
Masters of colour : Derain to Kandinsky : masterpieces from The Merzbacher Collection
Erling Neby Collection = Erling Nebyn kokoelma : Pori Art Museum = Porin taidemuseo, 2.2. - 2.3.1997 / editor Marketta Seppälä
Tatlin's dream : Russian suprematist and constructivist art 1910-1923 / catalogue written by Andrei B. Nakov
Explorations of constructive processes in student learning
Gustavs Klucis : Kāda eksperimenta anatomija = Anatomy of an Experiment
The reality of social construction
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
The relation between language and thought revealed in reflecting upon words used to express the conception of a problem
Deconstruction and the interests of theory
Social construction of quality in software development
Speech acts : a teaching material package for the upper secondary school
Social creation of entrepreneurial opportunities
The constructivist leader
Mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook. 1992-1993, Constructivist and curriculum issues in school mathematics education
"'Social construction' is a central metaphor in contemporary social science, yet it is used and understood in widely divergent and indeed conflicting ways by different thinkers. Most commonly, it is seen as radically opposed to realist social theory. Dave Elder-Vass argues that social scientists should be both realists and social constructionists, and that coherent versions of these ways of thinking are entirely compatible with each other. This book seeks to transform prevailing understandings of the relationship between realism and constructionism. It offers a thorough ontological analysis of the phenomena of language, discourse, culture, and knowledge, and shows how this justifies a realist version of social constructionism. In doing so, however, it also develops an analysis of these phenomena that is significant in its own right"-- Provided by publisher.
Reciprocal understanding in web-based learning: Theory-based analysis of perspective taking states in case discussions
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Body work : the social construction of women's body image
Modern Dutch painting : National Gallery and Alexander Soutzos Museum, September 16 - October 23, 1983
Masters of early constructive abstract art : Galerie Denise René, New York, October 1971 / [biographies, bibliographies and selection of texts : Margit Staber]
How cultures interact in an international merger : case Merita Nordbanken
The non-objective world 1914-1955 = Die gegenstandslose Welt 1914-1955 : Annely Juda Fine Art, London, July 5th-September 22nd 1973, University Art Museum, the University of Texas at Austin, October 14th-December 15th 1973
A constructivist approach to teaching and learning at the degree programme in nursing at Novia university of applied sciences
Alexander Rodchenko : spatial constructions = Alexander Rodchenko : Raumkonstruktionen
The European Union as an international actor : strengths of the European civilian power
An ontological framework and a methodical skeleton for method engineering : a contextual approach
Creating contexts for learning and self-authorship : constructive-developmental pedagogy
Constructivism in science education : a philosophical examination
The tradition of Constructivism / edited and with an introduction by Stephen Bann
Contemporary Social Constructionism : Key Themes
Abstract: Knowledge management as a discourse in Finnish science magazines and professional journals on the health care field.
Genealogy and deconstruction as methods of Judith Butler's social constructivism
Career counseling and constructivism : elaboration of constructs
Reconsidering social constructionism : debates in social problems theory
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment groups
An introduction to social constructionism
Constructivism in Poland 1923 to 1936 / edited by Hilary Gresty and Jeremy Lewison
"In this fully updated and revised edition, the authors explore the evolution, nature and function of international law in world politics and situate international law in its historical and political context. They propose three interdisciplinary 'lenses' (realist, liberal and constructivist) through which to view the role of international law in world politics and suggest that the concept of an international society provides the overall context within which international legal developments occur. These theoretical perspectives offer different ways of looking at international law in terms of what it is, how it works and how it changes. Topics covered include the use of force, international crimes, human rights, international trade and the environment. The new edition also contains more material on non-western perspectives, international institutions and non-state actors and a new bibliography. Each chapter features discussion questions and guides to further reading"--Provided by publisher.
"The theorisation of international relations has progressed considerably in recent years to the point that a dialogue between the concurrent disciplines of International Relations (IR), political theory and international law has started to emerge. There is, however, much work still to be done in establishing what could be termed an 'International Theory' - one which contains the potential to transcend arbitrary disciplinary and methodological boundaries (particularly where the subject matter of the respective disciplines - working out a conception of normative reason appropriate to application in considerations of international justice and human rights - is trans-disciplinary in nature). This insightful contemporary critique considers the poststructuralist challenge to the very foundations and methodological commitments of traditional IR theory, as developed by R.B.J. Walker and Richard Ashley in the 1990s and beyond - as well as the various ways in which the discipline has sought to respond to such a pervasive attack on its most cherished beliefs. This study not only brings into question the central tenets of traditional IR theory, but also uses the political thought and theories of key thinkers including John Rawls, Friedrich Kratochwil and Peri Roberts to posit an account of normative reasoning which overcomes the challenges presented by a poststructuralist perspective"--
Constructive concepts : a history of constructive art from cubism to the present : collection McCrory Corporation New York / Willy Rotzler
The psychological construction of emotion
Social constructionism in therapeutic settings : theoretical contributions through the realities of practice
Erich Buchholz : the restless avant-gardist = der ewige Avantgardist : Queensland Art Gallery, 25.6. - 17.9.2000
Constructing and negotiating work under new capitalism : case studies from the greater Helsinki region
The life of a painter : the autobiography of Gino Severini / translated by Jennifer Franchina
The comprehensive handbook of constructivist teaching : from theory to practice
Learning in schools : a modelling approach
Rationality in economics : constructivist and ecological forms
The invented reality : how do we know, what we believe we know? : contributions to constructivism
Alexandr Vesnin and Russian constructivism / Selim Omarovich Khan-Magomedov
Designing for learning : six elements in constructivist classrooms
Varietes of constructivism in education. Where do we stand?
The post-avant-garde : change, inluence and patterns of practice in Finnish painting of the 1980s
How Hume and Kant reconstruct natural law : justifying strict objectivity without debating moral realism
The nature of communication structures of university students in an international web-based computer-supported collaborative learning (CSCL) course
Cage of free communication : versions of corporate responsibility in corporate communication and construction of political corporate responsibility
The social construction of the well-being in young people
Russian constructivism / Christina Lodder
Aleksander M. Rodchenko and Varvara F. Stepanova : The future is our only goal
Social workers engagement with the social media
The non-objective world 1924-1939 = La peintura non-objective 1924-1939 = Il mondo della non-oggettività 1924-1939 : Galerie Jean Chauvelin, Paris, 1er juin-30 juin 1971, Annely Juda Fine Art, London, July 7th-September 30th 1971, Galleria Milano, Milano,
Trends of the twenties : 15th European art exhibition : [New National Gallery, the Academy of Arts and the Orangery of Charlottenburg Palace, Berlin, 14.8. -16.10.1977] / compiled by Dieter Honisch ... [et al.]
Beyond the plane : American constructions 1930-1965
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Mathematics teaching from a constructivist point of view
Dimensio 1972 - 1982 : Helsingin Taidehalli = Helsingfors Konsthall, 27.11. - 19.12.1982 / toimitus = editorial committee C-J af Forselles, Jorma Hautala, Sakari Laitinen
Centro internazionale di studi d'arte costruttiva = Internationaler Arbeitskreis für konstruktive Gestaltung = Centre international d'études d'art constructif = International workgroup for constructive art = Internationaal studiecentrum voor constructieve / märz 1976
Rodchenko : the complete work
Constructivism : theory, perspectives, and practice
The politics of constructionism
Leadership training in the systemic constructionist approach : interview study of Humap Ltd. customers
Varieties of constructivism in education : where do we stand?
Constructivist teacher education : building new understandings
Narrative approach to educational multimedia : a case study: Pro Healthy Life multimedia about environmental health risks
Summary.
"This volume presents cutting-edge theory and research on emotions as constructed events rather than fixed, essential entities. It provides a thorough introduction to the assumptions, hypotheses, and scientific methods that embody psychological constructionist approaches. Leading scholars examine the neurobiological, cognitive/perceptual, and social processes that give rise to the experiences Western cultures call sadness, anger, fear, and so on. The book explores such compelling questions as how the brain creates emotional experiences, whether the "ingredients" of emotions also give rise to other mental states, and how to define what is or is not an emotion. Introductory and concluding chapters by the editors identify key themes and controversies and compare psychological construction to other theories of emotion"--
On deconstruction : theory and criticism after structuralism
In light in shadow : the professional clothing picture of Finnish popular music musicians
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
Constructivism and the technology of instruction : a conversation
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
"I that is we, we that is I." perspectives on contemporary Hegel : social ontology, recognition, naturalism, and the critique of Kantian constructivism
Engaging students : using the unit in comprehensive lesson planning
Abstract art / Mel Gooding
International law and international relations
Limits of rightness
Pedagogical manuscript for landscape ecology course
Photography's response to Constructivism : San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, March 21-June 8, 1980
Inside the world of interculturalists : exploring the co-constructions of professional identity in online discussions
Connected code : why children need to learn programming
Constructivism in education : opinions and second opinions on controversial issues : ninety-ninth yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 1
Tatlin's Tower : monument to revolution
Does space matter? : students' and teachers' perceptions on their modernized language classroom as a learning environment
The young child as scientist : a constructivist approach to early childhood science education
Discursive practices in organizational change
Mapping road infrastructure in developing countries applying remote sensing and GIS : the case of the Taita Hills, Kenya
Tatlin's dream : Russian suprematist and constructivist art 1910 - 1923 : including works by Annenkov, Archipenko, Baranoff-Rossiné, Bogomazov, Burljuk, Ermilov, Exter, Goncharova, Kliun, Larionov, Lentulov, Lissitzky, Malevich, Matiushin, Popova, Puni, R / catalogue written by Andrei B. Nakov
The thesis was carried out for a commission company Humap Ltd., which is a consulting company with thirteen years of experience in the field. Humap Ltd. uses systemic constructionism as its framework in leadership trainings.     The objective of the study was to research Humap Ltd.'s theoretical framework, systemic constructionism, and see the what the frameworks approach is to leadership. I wanted to find out if systemic constructionism as an approach is compatible to the hopes and wishes of Human Resource Managers and Development Managers in organizations that are customers of Humap Ltd. The thesis is an important reality background regarding Humap Ltd. if their thoughts about the future needs are valuable to their business and I was able to formulate recommendations for them based on the results.     The method applied in the empirical part of the research was qualitative. Three Human Resources Managers and one Development Manager were interviewed face to face; one Development Director was interviewed via telephone. The process of the compilation was originated in the beginning of January 2012 and finalized by the beginning of May 2012. All of the interviews conducted took part between February 7th and March 5th.     As the findings indicated that in fact systemic constructionism is a compatible framework to have in leadership trainings. There were several wishes that rose in the interview that go hand in hand with the systemic constructionist approach. Shortly it may be said that Human Resource Managers and Development Managers hope for whole system thinking, well-being at work, early support and giving competencies for a leader to act as a coach to the employee to be emphasized in future leadership trainings.
Teaching science for understanding : a human constructivist view
Blueprints and blood : The Stalinization of Soviet Architecture, 1917-1937
Constructivism in education
Constructivism in Practical Philosophy
Functions and fictions of communication
"We are not green, but I know we are getting greener" : constructions of environmental management : a frame analysis on corporate environmental and sustainability reports
Constructive concepts : a history of constructive art from cubism to the present
