http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8507 cemeteries
cemeteries graveyards
Patrios nomos : public burial in Athens during the fifth and fourth centuries B. C. : the archaeological, epigraphic-literary and historical evidence. Part 2
Stories in stone : a field guide to cemetery symbolism and iconography
Sources of financial assistance for the conservation of Scotland's historic graveyards
Moisio of Nousiainen : a window to Finnish religious and social history
The secret cemetery
Places of commemoration : search for identity and landscape design
The polychrome grave stelai from the early Hellenistic necropolis
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIII, Including papers presented at the Conferences on Early Christian Iconography, held in Pécs, Hungary
Cemetery sacrilege and folk conceptions of God and punishment in Russian Karelia
Hellboy in Hell. [2], The death card
Night of stone : death and memory in Russia
The Roman cemetery at Brougham, Cumbria : excavations 1966-67
The middle Bronze Age IIA cemetery at Gesher : final report
Enclaves of America
Iron Age cemeteries and Hiisi sites: is there a connection?
Burials and society : a study of social differentiation at the site of El Pichao, north-western Argentina, and in cemeteries dated to the Spanish native period
"Lepers outside the gate" : excavations at the cemetery of the Hospital of St. James and St. Mary Magdalene, Chichester, 1986-87 and 1993
Architecture and the after-life
Cemeteries of Europe : a historical heritage to appreciate and restore
Assuming no prior knowledge, Greek sanctuaries offers a good basic understanding of ancient Greek sanctuary sites and temple architecture. It introduces the reader to a select number of sites and temples in some depth, explaining technical terms along the way. The author has borne in mind the needs of students at sixth-form and university level, as well as the general reader and has covered some of the core buildings and sanctuaries usually chosen for study owing to their social importance and aesthetic excellence, including the Athenian Acropolis, Delphi and Olympia.
Materialising modern cemeteries : archaeological narratives of Assistens cemetery, Copenhagen
Excavations at Mendes. Vol. 1, The Royal Necropolis
Uncovering identity in mortuary analysis : community-sensitive methods for identifying group affiliation in historical cemeteries
Conservation of historic graveyards
The foreigners buried in Isfahan, Iran = Ārāmgāh-i ḫāriǧiyān dar Iṣfahān
Židovské památky Moravy a Slezska = Jewish monuments in Moravia and Silesia
The merry cemetery : a sentimental monograph
The South Siberian cemetery of Oglakty from the Han period
Lee and Elaine
On cemetery culture, with examples from Estonia and Finland
Westerhus : medieval population and church in the light of skeletal remains
Whispers in the graveyard
Morgantina studies : results of the Princeton university archaeological expedition to Sicily. Vol. 5, The archaic cemeteries
Khuzhir-Nuge XIV : a Middle Holocene hunter-gatherer cemetery on Lake Baikal, Siberia : osteological materials
Tallum : Gunnar Asplund's & Sigurd Lewerentz's woodland cemetery in Stockholm
The restorer
Torben Eskerod : Campo Verano / text: Stephen Greenblatt
Cartonnage papyri in context : new Ptolemaic documents from Ab−u Ṣ−ir al-Malaq
Cartonnage papyri in context : new Ptolemaic documents from Abu Sir al-Malaq
The Architecture of death : the transformation of the cemetery in eighteenth-century Paris
Woodcutters, potters and doorkeepers : service personnel of the Deir el-Medina workmen
Two monsoons : the life and death of Europeans in India
Cemetery girl. book one : The pretenders
Cannington Cemetery : excavations 1962-3 of prehistoric Roman, post-Roman, and later features at Cannington Park Quarry, near Bridgwater, Somerset
Mortuary monuments and burial grounds of the historic period
Researching your graveyard
Three wolves mountain
Judaic ceremonial objects in Romania
The Oratory, St. James's Cemetery Liverpool : a guide to the building and its monuments
Greek sanctuaries : an introduction
The graveyard book : volume 1
Doll bones
The graveyard book
Ahlgade 15-17, Holbæk : en arkeologisk og historisk undersøgelse fra 1200 til nutiden = 15-17 Ahlgade, Holbæk : archaeology and history from 1200 AD until the present day
Death, materiality and mediation : an ethnography of remembrance in Ireland
The loss of a civilisation : destruction of a culture heritage in occupied Cyprus
Cemetery sacrilege and folk conceptions of God and punishment
Patrios nomos : public burial in Athens during the fifth and fourth centuries B. C. : the archaeological, epigraphic-literary and historical evidence. Part 1
H. P. Lovecraft's The Dunwich horror
Spectacular realities : early mass culture in Fin-de-Siècle Paris
Keur van grafstenen op de Portugees-Isräelietische begraafplaats te Ouderkerk aan de Amstel met beschrijving en biografische aantekeningen : met platen = Selected gravestones from the Dutch Portuguese Jewish Cemetery at Ouderkerk aan de Amstel with descriptions and biographical notes : with plates
The gravedigger's daughter
Cemetery girl.  book two, Inheritance
Emergency measures for historic memorials : a short guide for cemetery managers
Midnight in the garden of good and evil : a Savannah story
London out of sight : exploring the city's green spaces
Guide to Danish landscape architecture 1000-2003
Goldfish from beyond the grave
Excavations in the Barbouna area at Asine. Fasc. 4, The Hellenistic nekropolis and later structures on the middle slopes, 1973-77
Rural cemeteries of southern Estonia 1225-1800
Haunter for ruins : the photography of Clarence John Laughlin
Landscapes of mourning : European approaches in 20th century cemeteries / Marta García Carbonero
H. P. Lovecrafts The Dunwich horror
The hour of our death
Zach, Alice, and Poppy, friends from a Pennsylvania middle school who have long enjoyed acting out imaginary adventures with dolls and action figures, embark on a real-life quest to Ohio to bury a doll made from the ashes of a dead girl / Library off Congress.
Conservation of historic graveyards seminar : abstracts
The whispering skull
She calls herself Calexa Rose Dunhill. She has been living - hiding out - in Dunhill Cemetery ever since someone left her there to die. She has no idea who wants her dead or why, but she isn't about to hand around for her would-be-killer to finish the job.  Despite her self-imposed isolation among the deceased, Calexa's ability to see spirits and the memories she receives from them guarantees she'll never be alone. The only living people she interacts with are Kelner, the cemetery's cantankerous caretaker, and Lucinda Cameron, an elderly woman who lives in an old Victorian house across the street. With their friendship, Calexa has regained a link to the world beyond tombstones and mausoleums.  Until the night she witnesses a murder that shatters her life: a life now under a police microscope, as their investigation threatens to uncover Calexa's true identity . . .
The destruction of religious monuments by the Turkish Army in the occupied part of Cyprus
On the Spanish-Moroccan frontier : a study in ritual, power and ethnicity
Arcadian America : The death and life of an environmental tradition
In remembrance : archaeology and death
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Grave memorials as cultural heritage in western Sweden with focus on the 1800s : a study of materials, society, inscribed texts and symbols
Commemorating the past : a case of collective remembering from Alsätra cemetery in Karjaa, Finland
Tombstones of fallen heros
The graveyard book. Volume 1
A strange-looking beheaded man from medieval Hailuoto
Lietuvos kulturos paveldo atgimimas = Revival of Lithuanian cultural heritage
Practices for the living and the dead : medieval and post-Reformation burials in Scandinavia
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Landscapes of mourning : european approaches in 20th century cemeteries
The graveyard book. Volume 2
The darkness
London cemeteries : an illustrated guide and gazetteer
Jewish funerary customs, practices and rites in the Second Temple period
Early burials from the Agora cemeteries
Burial in Medieval Ireland, 900 - 1500 : a review of the written sources
Rural cemeteries of southern Estonia 1225 - 1800 AD
Necropolis : London and its dead
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
The spirits of Crossbones Graveyard : time, ritual, and sexual commerce in London
Zombie labyrinth
The graveyard book : volume 2
Sacred claims : repatriation and living tradition
Given to the ground : a Viking age mass grave on Ridgeway Hill, Weymouth
Ethnicity and the American cemetery
The Woodland Cemetery : toward a spiritual landscape : Erik Gunnar Asplund and Sigurd Lewerentz 1915-61
Memento mori : the dead among us
Stanway : an élite burial site at Camulodunum
