http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8505 ex-service men
ex-service men war veterans
Veteran recall : Americans in France Remember the War
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
The long count
Soldier talk : the Vietnam War in oral narrative
Fool me once
CRIME & MYSTERY. When an old crony of Van Shaw's late grandfather calls in a favor, he embarks on a journey deep into the remote forest of the Olympic Mountains in search of a missing girl tied to his own criminal past. Discovering a brutal murder scene, Van finds himself caught between a billionaire businessman on the one side and vicious gangsters on the other. In an attempt to survive Van will have to face some of the toughest questions of his life, not least over his relationship with his iron willed girlfriend, Luce. But with the clock ticking, a desperate Van may just need every ally he can get, especially as someone prepares to unleash a firestorm on Seattle that could burn them all to ashes.
In the valley of Elah
Hard cold winter
Barefoot season
Combat shock
The veterans' dilemma : employment of ex-soldiers of the King's African Rifles' Nyasaland (Malawi) battalions
Wounds of war : the psychological aftermath of combat in Vietnam
The soldiers' story : Soviet veterans remember the Afghan war
Thank you for your service
The hummingbird : A Novel
Sheltering : a novel
Race, ethnicity, and disability : veterans and benefits in post-Civil War America
World veteran
A slant of light : a novel
The War
"#1 New York Times bestseller Harlan Coben delivers his next impossible-to-put-down thriller.  In the course of eight consecutive #1 New York Times bestsellers, millions of readers have discovered Harlan Coben's page-turning thrillers, filled with his trademark edge-of-your-seat suspense and gut-wrenching emotion. In Fool Me Once, Coben once again outdoes himself.  Former special ops pilot Maya, home from the war, sees an unthinkable image captured by her nanny cam while she is at work: her two-year-old daughter playing with Maya's husband, Joe--who had been brutally murdered two weeks earlier. The provocative question at the heart of the mystery: Can you believe everything you see with your own eyes, even when you desperately want to? To find the answer, Maya must finally come to terms with deep secrets and deceit in her own past before she can face the unbelievable truth about her husband--and herself"--
Trauma, reconciliation and generativity : the stories told by European war veterans
Carthage
Christmas at Twilight
The secret life of Bletchley Park : the WWII codebreaking centre and the men and women who worked there
Lippusi uljuutta katson : maa-äidin lauluja = Feeling the glory of your flag : songs of mother earth
Telemental health : clinical, technical, and administrative foundations for evidence-based practice
Revolutionary war veterans, disabled
Late-life functional capacity and health among Finnish war veterans:Veteran Project 1992 and 2004 surveys
John Lowery was declared dead in 1968--the victim of a Huey crash in Vietnam. Four decades later, Temperance Brennan is called to the scene of a drowning in Quebec. The victim appears to have died while in the midst of a bizarre sexual practice. The corpse is later identified as John Lowery. But how could Lowery have died twice? Taking the remains to JPAC in Hawaii for reanalysis, Tempe is joined by her colleague and ex-lover Detective Andrew Ryan (how "ex" is he?) and by her daughter, recovering from her own tragic loss. Soon another set of remains is located, with Lowery's dog tags tangled among them. Three bodies--all identified as Lowery / WorldCat.
Last horseman
The innocents
Least among saints
Under the dome : a novel
The speed of light
Sense of coherence as a buffer against crisis management veteran's stress
Back from Afghanistan : the experiences of Soviet Afghan war veterans ; Martyrdom and memory in post-socialist space
Men from the boys
Late-life functional capacity and health among Finnish war veterans : Veteran Project 1992 and 2004 surveys
Three violent people
Burnt river
Black watch : liberating Europe and catching Himmler : my extraordinary WW2 with highland division
St. Vincent
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
The application of attachment theory to research on war veterans
Na čto pohoža vojna? = Miltä sota tuntui? = What was war like?
The Veteran
The A-team : extended cut
Veterans : the last survivors of the Great War
Devils in exile : a novel
The bird skinner
The small back room
Homeward bound : American veterans return from war
Breaking ranks : Iraq veterans speak out against the war
Born on the fourth of July
The sinners : a criminal edition
Soldier from the War Returning: The Greatest Generation's Troubled Homecoming from World War II
The gendarme
Disabled Revolutionary War veterans and the construction of disability in the early United States, c. 1776-1840
The black echo
Alexander's veterans and the early wars of the successors
The sentimentalists
Little red lies
The outside lands
Second watch : J. P. Beaumont novel
Burrows : a Red River mystery
The philosophy of war and exile : from the humanity of war to the inhumanity of peace
The last horseman
The long walk : a story of war and the life that follows
A month in the country
Crossfire
Lake country
Post-traumatic cerebral atrophy : a study on brain-injured veterans of the Finnish wars of 1939-40 and 1941-45
The secret life of Bletchley Park : the history of the wartime codebreaking centre and the men and women who were there
The redbreast
Summary.
Psychology of sadness
Mrs Dalloway
Route Irish
By the early 1970s, President John F. Kennedy has survived several assassination attempts and--martyred, heroic--is now in his third term. Twenty-two-year-old Eugene Allen returns home from his tour of duty in Vietnam and begins to write a war novel--a book echoing Catch-22 and Slaughterhouse-Five--about veterans who have their battlefield experiences "enfolded," wiped from their memories through drugs and therapy. In Eugene's fictive universe, veterans too damaged to be enfolded stalk the American heartland, reenacting atrocities on civilians and evading the Psych Corps, a federal agency dedicated to upholding the mental hygiene of the nation by any means necessary.This alternative America, in which a veteran tries to reimagine a damaged world, is the subject of Hystopia, the long-awaited first novel by David Means. The critic James Wood has written that Means's language "offers an exquisitely precise and sensuous register of an often crazy American reality." Means brings this talent to bear on the national trauma of the Vietnam era in a work that is outlandish, ruefully funny, and shockingly violent. Written in conversation with some of the greatest war narratives from the Iliad to the Rolling Stones' "Gimme Shelter," Hystopia is a unique and visionary novel -
Lost in America : a dead-end journey
"Using data from more than 40,000 soldiers of the Union army, this book focuses on the experience of African Americans and immigrants with disabilities, investigating their decision to seek government assistance and their resulting treatment. Pension administrators treated these ex-soldiers differently from native-born whites, but the discrimination was far from seamless - biased evaluations of worthiness intensified in response to administrators' workload and nativists' late-nineteenth-century campaigns. This book finds a remarkable interplay of social concepts, historical context, bureaucratic expediency, and individual initiative. Examining how African Americans and immigrants weighed their circumstances in deciding when to request a pension, employ a pension attorney, or if seek institutionalization, it contends that these veterans quietly asserted their right to benefits. Shedding new light on the long history of challenges faced by veterans with disabilities, the book underscores the persistence of these challenges in spite of the recent revolution in disability rights"--Provided by publisher.
No place like home : a new beginning with the dogs of Afghanistan
Britain's last tommies : final memories from soldiers of the 1914-18 war in their own words
Harry's last stand : how the world my generation built is falling down, and what we can do to save it
Search the dark
Liberty Square : a Kate Delafield mystery
Four blind mice
Soldiers of memory : World War II and its aftermath in Estonian post-Soviet life stories
The dead and the dying : a criminal edition
The cuckoo's calling
Soviet veterans of the Second World War : a popular movement in an authoritarian society 1941-1991
In the fall
The temporary gentleman : a novel
Home of the brave
An analysis of military disability compensation
In Soldier from War Returning , historian Thomas Childers shatters that myth. Interweaving the intimate stories of three families - including his own - he reveals the true cost of the war. Alcoholism, homelessness, and unemployment were rampant, leading to domestic violence and a skyrocketing divorce rate. Hundreds of thousands of soldiers were diagnosed with psychoneurotic disorders (now known as PTSD). Though many veterans bounced back, others were haunted for decades afterward; some never fully recovered. Novelistic in its telling and impeccably researched, Childers' book is a stark reminder that the price of war is unimaginably high, and the toll can stretch across generations.
What it is like to go to war
Explanation for low prevalence of PTSD among older Finnish war veterans : social solidarity and the continued significance given to wartime suffering
The mental health consequences of torture
Post-traumatic cerebral athropy : a study on brain-injured veterans of the Finnish wars of 1939-40 and 1941-45
Mustat tiikerit = Good guys wear black
Mathew's tale
The year after
The war of liberation, the civil guards, and the Veterans' Union : public memory in the interwar period
Advances with social work practice with the military
Neuro-otological studies on brain injured ex-servicemen : Follow-up of 256 cases
Disabled veterans in history
Veterans' experiences of Iraq war and Afghanistan war and Influences on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder symptoms after deployment : a systematic literature review
Explanation for low prevalence of PTSD among older Finnish war veterans : social solidarity and continued significance given to wartime sufferings
This is an epic historical adventure set during the Boer War. Dublin, 1899. On a foul night in a troubled city, lawyer Joseph Radcliffe watches the execution of a young Irish rebel. Radcliffe, together with his black American comrade Benjamin Pierce, has made a living defending the toughest cases in Dublin, but is haunted by the spectre of his defeats, the loss of his wife and child and his difficult relationship with his surviving son, Edward. While Ireland smoulders with rebellion, war breaks out in South Africa and when, after an argument with his father, Edward runs away to join the Irish forces fighting there, Radcliffe, accompanied by Pierce, sets out to find him and bring him home. South Africa, 1900. Both Radcliffe and Pierce have known war. Former cavalrymen in the US army, they have seen enough killing to last them a lifetime. But eight hundred miles north of Cape Town, amid the trackless veld, they experience the bloody brutality of a conflict that the British generals are shocked to discover they are losing. Under fire from Boer snipers and artillery, distrusted by the British forces, the two old soldiers will find their survival skills tested to the hilt as they search for the missing boy in this epic tale of heroism and treachery, love and loyalty.
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Beautiful Mozambique : haptics of belonging in the life narratives of female war veterans
Born on the Fourth of July
