http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8509 dairy technology
dairy technology
Cheesemaking : science and technology
Milk and dairy product technology
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Advanced dairy science and technology
Wheat sourdough as a bread leavener : effect of ash content, permentation temperature, sugar and salt. Lauri Simonson
Selection and partial characterization of lipases from raw milk bacterial isolates for selective hydrolysis of milk fat
Cheese-making by full concentration of milk with membrane filtration and evaporation
Drying milk and milk products
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk product : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Abstract.
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
Fortified and soft drinks
Characterization of lactobacillus bacteriophage LL-H genes and proteins having biotechnological interest
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Journal of food safety and food quality = Archiv für Lebensmittelhygiene
Cheese technology
Food chemistry
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 2
Development and manufacture of yogurt and other functional dairy products
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 6, Lactic starter culture technology
Abstract: Application of methods based on antibodies and affinity chromatography for studies of foreign proteins content in cow milk.
Food engineering and dairy technology
Journal of dairy science
Handbook of milkfat fractionation technology and applications
Antioxidative properties of an artichoke extract on the expression of adhesion molecules E-selectin and ICAM-1 induced by chylomicrons originated from bovine milk fat meal
The technology and manufacture of fermented milks : a collection of lectures about fermented milks held by the FAO in association with Finland
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 4
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 3, Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 1
Evaporation membrane filtration and spray drying in milk powder and cheese production
Applied dairy microbiology
Dairy technology and engineering
Food science
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 5, Swiss cheese varieties
Concentrated and dried dairy products
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Cheese ripening and technology : abstracts of IDF Symposium held in Banff, Canada, March 2000.
Dietary effects on human fecal microbiota
Improving stress tolerance of Lactococcus lactis using genetic tools
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 4, Ripened semisoft cheeses
Labour and technology in milk production : report of CIGR Working Group 17
Cream processing manual
Removal of cyanobacterial toxins by strains of probiotic bacteria
Structure modification of milk protein gels by enzymatic cross-linking
Precision Livestock Farming '05
Dairy bacteriology
Sourdough : a tool for the improved flavour, texture and shelf-life of wheat bread
Some recent achievements in biotechnology and dairy fermentation techniques of lactic acid bacteria
Cheese and fermented milk foods
The high pressure dairy homogenizer
Developments in dairy chemistry. 2, Lipids
Microbiological analyses of raw milk quality and cheese products in Asmara and surrounding, Eritrea
Association of milk protein genotypes with the technological properties of bovine milk
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 3
Dairy handbook
Summary.
3D woven scaffolds for bone tissue engineering
World animal science. B 3, Meat science, milk science and technology
From bush burn to butter : a journey in words and pictures
Goat and sheep milk cheeses : detection of adulterations
Modified atmosphere-based technology to extend the shelf life of pasteurized milk during cold storage
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
Antimicrobial compounds and extracellular polysaccharides produced by lactic acid bacteria : structures and properties
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiology and functional aspects
Bioprotective and probiotic meat starter cultures for the fermentation of dry sausages
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 7, Blue-veined cheeses
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products
Third Food Ingredients Symposium : 9th and 10th October, 1996... Tivoli, Cork : day 2 - Food ingredient functionality
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 1, Advances in milk processing
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Secretome profiling of several different Propionibacterium strains for investigating physiological adaptation to different environments
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Role of Eda and Troy pathways in ectodermal organ development
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 2, Dairy science and technology
Precision dairy farming 2016
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products : microbiological and chemical
Valio Laboratory publications
The effect of 5,6-dimethylbenzimidazole on vitamin B12 synthesis and protein production in Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. freudenreichii
Alkaline phosphatase activity inFinnish hard cheeses and milk products
Lactobacillus plantarum : from application to protein expression
Changes in bacterial population and antimicrobial resistance during cold storage in conventional and organic raw milk
Continuous nitrogen flushing of pasteurized milk : consideration of anaerobes and sporeformers
Analysis of antibiotic residues in Kenyan farm milk
Developments in dairy chemistry. 1, Proteins
