http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8508 burial sites
burial sites
Tolmin, prazgodovinsko grobišče = Tolmin, the prehistoric cemetery. 1, Katalog - Catalogue
Northern religions and shamanism
Tolmin, prazgodovinsko grobišče = Tolmin, the prehistoric cemetery. 1, Načrt grobišča - Plan of the graves
Concluding summary: From pagan to Christian : changes of funeral rites and burial customs in Scandinavia c. 800-c. 1200.
Moisio of Nousiainen : a window to Finnish religious and social history
Tolmin, prazgodovinsko grobišče = Tolmin, the prehistoric cemetery. 2, Razprave - Treatises
Fishermen, farmers, warriors and traders : the excavated past of Eura
Vainionmäki - a Merovingian Period cemetery in Laitila, Finland
What ancient human teeth can reveal? : Demography, health, nutrition and biological relations in Luistari
Back to the origin : new research in the Mesolithic-Neolithic Zvejnieki cemetery and environment, northern Latvia
"Lepers outside the gate" : excavations at the cemetery of the Hospital of St. James and St. Mary Magdalene, Chichester, 1986-87 and 1993
Luistari. 2, The artefacts
ʻGift wrappingʼ in late Iron Age graves? : grave 38 in Rikala as an example
Zvejnieki (Northern Latvia) : Stone Age cemetery
Poetovio, zahodna grobišča = Poetovio, the Western cemeteries. 1, Grobne celote iz Deželnega muzeja Joanneuma v Gradcu = Grave-Groups in the Landesmuseum Joanneum, Graz
The South Siberian cemetery of Oglakty from the Han period
Excavations at Helgö. 13, Cemetery 116
Poetovio, zahodna grobišča = Poetovio, the Western cemeteries. 2, Grobne celote iz Deželnega muzeja Joanneuma v Gradcu : katalog = Grave-Groups in the Landesmuseum Joanneum, Graz : katalog
The burial cairns and the landscape in the archipelago of Åboland, SW Finland, in the Bronze Age and the Iron Age
Kaksikymmentäneljäkulmaisen ristikirkon syntyongelmia = On Finnish cruciformed timber-churches with twenty-four corners : problems concerning their origin
The biological and social analyses of a Mississippian cemetery from southeast Missouri : the Turner site, 23BU21A
Barshalder 3 : Rojrhage in Grötlingbo : a multi-component neolithic shore site on Gotland
Luistari. 4, Luistari : a history of weapons and ornaments
Le témoignage de la culture matérielle : mélanges offerts au professeur Vera Evison = The evidence of material culture : studies in honour of professer Vera Evison
Nadkole 2 : a cemetery of the Przeworsk culture in eastern Poland
Sutton Hoo : a seventh-century princely burial ground and its context
The archaeology of the dead : lectures in archaeothanatology
The Iron Age cemetery of Magdalenska gora in Slovenia
The symbolic meanings of cremation burial
Dollkeim-Kovrovo, Kaliningrad Region, Russia : research on the cemetery conducted in 1879 and 1992-2002
Memento mori : the dead among us
Coin datings in Finnish archaeology
The cemetery and the dwelling site Vaateranta in Taipalsaari, southeastern Finland
Excavations at Helgö. 14, Cemetery 118 and building group 7 and Cemetery 115
Weklice : a cemetery of the Wielbark culture on the eastern margin of Vistula delta (excavations 1984-2004)
Vendel period studies : transactions of the Boat-grave symposium in Stockholm, February 2-3, 1981
A journey through 1000[0] years of cultural history = Ceavccageaðgi mortensnes
Reckoning with the dead : the Larsen Bay repatriation and the Smithsonian Institution
Sammallahdenmäki - a burial site with rock graves
Implements and rock materials in the prehistory of Upper Dalarna : by Ragnar Lannerbro
The chronology of the Early Iron Age of the middle Volga region
Old forgotten mummies from North and South
The Megalithic culture of Northern Europe
A witch's coin from Tervo
Excavations at Helgö. 12, Wilhelm Holmqvist - the Helgö scholar
The broken people : deconstruction of personhood in iron age Finland
The Early Iron Age cemetery at Korvala in Sauvo
Death, destruction and commemoration : tracing ritual activities in Finnish Late Iron Age cemeteries (AD 550-1150)
Valsgärde studies : the place and its people, past and present
Luistari. III, A burial-ground reflecting the Finnish viking age society
Papinniemi in Uukuniemi and related archaeological sites of the eastern orthodox cultural area in Finland
Another attempt at burial
Maritime landscape in change : archaeological, historical, palaeological and geological studies on Western Uusimaa
Death and burial in ancient Egypt
Roman and medieval necropolis in Ravna near Knjaževac = Rimska i sredn̂ovekovna nekropola u ravni kod kn̂aževca
Barshalder : a cemetery in Grötlingbo and Fide parishes, Gotland, Sweden, c. AD 1-1100 : excavations and finds 1826-1971. 1, A cemetery in Grötlingbo and Fide parishes, Gotland, Sweden, c. AD 1-1100 : excavations and finds 1826-1971
Kranj - križišče Iskra : nekropola iz časa preseljevanja ljudstev in staroslovanskega obdobja = Kranj - Iskra crossroads : a cemetery from the migration period and the early Slavic period
Suutarinniemi : the late Iron Age/Early Medieval cemetery of Ii (northern Ostrobothnia, Finland) : [notes and news]
Burial & society : the chronological and social analysis of archaeological burial data
Corporate power structures as indicated in archaeological evidence : the case on Estonia in the Middle Iron Age and Viking Age : [discussion]
Human remains from Voegtly Cemetery, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rural cemeteries of southern Estonia 1225-1800
Barshalder : studies of Late Iron Age Gotland. 2, Studies of Late Iron Age Gotland
Kolumbaario, Kauniainen = The Columbarium
Requiem : the medieval monastic cemetery in Britain
Problems of research related to cremation cemeteries in Häme
Mojsinje : a bronze and iron age mound necropolis
Sacred sites : burial customs in south Scandinavian Bronze and Iron Age
At the crossroads of space and time : graves, changing society and ideology on Saaremaa (Ösel), 9th-13th centuries AD
On the spatial relationships between Iron Age cemeteries and dwelling sites in northern Finland Proper
Human remains : guide for museums and academic institutions
Naarankalmanmäki : an Iron Age complex in Lempäälä, southern Finland
Zvonimirovo - Veliko polje. 1, Groblje latenske kulture = A cemetery of the La Tène culture
Summaries in english. - Sammendrag.
Sutton Hoo : burial ground of kings?
Nørre Sandegård Vest : a cemetery from the 6th-8th centuries on Bornholm
A look at ankles : two bronze rings from the Roman Iron Age necropolis of Tervakangas (Raahe) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Luistari. 1-3, The graves. The artefacts. The Finnish Viking age society
Birka : Untersuchungen und Studien. 4, The burial customs : a study of the graves on Björkö
Netta : a Balt cemetery in Northeastern Poland
Given to the ground : a Viking age mass grave on Ridgeway Hill, Weymouth
Mortuary practices, religion and society
Sustaining life : vessel import to Norway in the first millennium AD
Summary: Death and grave.
Luistari. 1, The graves
Død og grav : gravskikk på Kvassheimfeltet, Hå i Rogaland, SV Norge = Death and grave : burial rituals of the Kvassheim cemetery, Hå in Rogaland, SW Norway
Die Anfänge der keltischen Zivilisation in Böhmen = The beginnings of Celtic civilisation in Bohemia = Počátky keltské civilizace v Čechách
