http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8502 spirituals (songs)
spirituals (songs)
Couldn't hear nobody pray : negro spiritual
The art of Marian Anderson : arias, songs and spirituals
Steal away
Honor! Honor! : negro spiritual
Live at Newport 1958
Album of negro spirituals [Nuottijulkaisu]
Spirituals for solo singers : 11 spirituals arranged for solo voice and piano... for recitals, concerts and contests : medium high
Highlights from the history of rhythm & blues : 1925-1942
The spirituals of Harry T. Burleigh. High voice
The Essential Gospel Sampler
Let my people go : negro spirituals
Gospel keepsakes : the unreleased recordings
This little light o'mine : negro spiritual : [for medium voice and piano]
Uncloudy day
His hand in mine
Swing low : 10 famous spirituals
I'm goin' to thank God : high, Bb
I want Jesus to walk with me : negro spiritual [for voice with piano accompaniment] : high or medium
Redemption songs
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child : negro spiritual
Swing low, sweet chariot : spiritual
Spirituals : five negro songs
I want to be ready = or, Walk in Jerusalem, jus' like John
Jesus hits like the atom bomb
The best of Mahalia Jackson
Choral Works
Dare you to do it again
Deep South Gospel
When the Saints Go Marching In
Rose of Sharon : 100 years of American music 1770-1870
The spiritual art song collection
Album of negro spirituals. High
Were you there? : negro spiritual
Recorded live in Europe during her latest concert tour
Spirituals : for voice and piano
The power and the glory
The gospel collection : George Jones sings the greatest stories ever told
Jubilation!. Volume 2 : More black gospel: Great gospel performances
Amazing grace : His greatest sacred performances
Higher Ground
The making of the drum
Heav'n, heav'n : negro spiritual
Green pastures
The treasury of Negro spirituals
The ultimate gospel song book : Thirty great gospels and spirituals
Wade in the Water : African American Sacred Music Traditions
Electricity
Come to Jesus
Christmas spirituals
I got a home in-a dat rock
Paul Robeson at Carnegie Hall 9 May 1958
Ride on, King Jesus! : King of kings, negro spiritual
You Can Have Her = Spirituals
Don't be weary traveler : negro spiritual
He touched me
De blin' man stood on de road an' cried : negro spiritual
I brought Him with me
The Tradition masters
Ride on, King Jesus! : negro spiritual : high voice
From sprituals to swing
The last mile of the way
Spirituals : time-honored songs of the negro people : for mixed voices
Sam Cooke with the Soul Stirrers
Dyin' to live!
I got to lie down : negro spiritual for voice and piano : high in f minor
A mighty fortress
Amazing Grace
Cash : ultimate gospel
Swing low, sweet chariot : negrospirituals
The spirituals of Harry T. Burleigh. Low voice
I believe : the gospel masters
Album of negro spirituals : 26 favorite examples of America's great contribution to the world of music
The million dollar quartet
At the feet of Jesus : song in style of a negro spiritual : medium voice in C major
My Lord, what a morning
Selection of Golden Gate Quartet
Oh, didn't it rain
The Legendary Moscow Concert : Live Concert from Tchaikovsky Hall, Moscow
And they all sang : the great musicians of the 20th century : talk about their music
The treasury of negro spirituals
I love the Lord
The tin angel
Spiritual, blues, and jazz people in African American fiction : living in paradox
I saw the light : white spirituals & country gospel
Lost & found series. Vol. 1
The lifeboat
The green pastures : spirituals
The best of Kathleen Battle
The complete million dollar quartet
Spirit & the blues
So many stars
My good Lord done been here : negro spiritual : medium voice
Wayfaring stranger : a spiritual songbook
The Preacher's wife : original soundtrack album
To heaven U ride
Album of negro spirituals : 26 favorite examples..
Negro spirituals. 2, Album No 2
The long road to freedom : an anthology of black music
Famous negro spirituals : for medium voice
On the dusty road : work song based on a theme by Toy Harper : medium voice in Es major
Spirituals and folksongs : für Gesang und Gitarre
Standing in the safety zone
There's one in every crowd
Art of field recordings : fifty years of traditional American music. Volume II
Spirituals of the deep south
Paul Robeson sings Ol' man river and other favorites
Album of negro spirituals
Spirituals & swing
Ev'ry mail day : chain gang song : for voice with piano accompaniment : low [B to D]
On ma journey : negro spiritual
Walking rhythm
The RCA albums collection
If you don't go, don't hinder me : the African American sacred song tradition
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
On my journey : Paul Robeson's independent recordings
Jubilation!. Volume 1 : Black gospel: Great gospel performances
Seven negro exaltations : as sung by Marion Kerby and John J. Niles
In the upper room
Marian Anderson : The voice that comes once in a hundred years
I got a home in-a dat rock : Negro Spiritual
Goin' home
Oh Peter go ring-a dem bells : negro spiritual
Lord, I want to be : negro spiritual
Blood on the fields
Famous negro spirituals for medium voice
Eight classics albums
His name so sweet : negro spiritual high voice in G major : songs with piano accompaniment
Go tell it on the mountain : for voice with piano (or organ) accompaniment : low in F
Washington Phillips and his manzarene dreams
Little David, play on your harp
