http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8506 graves
graves tombs
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
Tutankhamen and the discovery of his tomb by the late Earl of Carnarvon and Mr. Howard Carter
Persistent practices : a multi-disciplinary study of hunter-gatherer mortuary remains from c. 6500-2600 cal. BC, Estonia
The secret of the cold coffin
The tomb of Hercules
The Alexander cipher
The sepulchre of Christ and the medieval West : from the beginning to 1600
In the tomb of Nefertari : conservation of the wall paintings
Crowns in Egyptian funerary literature : royalty, rebirth, and destruction
Patrios nomos : public burial in Athens during the fifth and fourth centuries B. C. : the archaeological, epigraphic-literary and historical evidence. Part 1
Assuming no prior knowledge, Greek sanctuaries offers a good basic understanding of ancient Greek sanctuary sites and temple architecture. It introduces the reader to a select number of sites and temples in some depth, explaining technical terms along the way. The author has borne in mind the needs of students at sixth-form and university level, as well as the general reader and has covered some of the core buildings and sanctuaries usually chosen for study owing to their social importance and aesthetic excellence, including the Athenian Acropolis, Delphi and Olympia.
In remembrance : archaeology and death
Human remains : conservation, retrieval, and analysis : proceedings of a conference held in Williamsburg, VA, Nov. 7-11th, 1999
Concluding summary: From pagan to Christian : changes of funeral rites and burial customs in Scandinavia c. 800-c. 1200.
The tomb of Hâtshopsîtû
The tombs of Harmhabi and Touatânkhamanou
Rural cemeteries of southern Estonia 1225 - 1800 AD
The search for Nefertiti : the true story of a remarkable discovery
The disappearing tombstone and other stories from Emona
People, ideas and goods : new perspectives on 'Celtic barbarians' in Western and Central Europe (500-250 BC)
Great wonders of the world
"Conquerors, patriarchs and the law of the lord" : interpretation of a late antique Jewish epitaph
For one of the most isolated provinces in the Roman Empire, the archaeology of Roman Britain has been one of the most researched areas. However, the coverage is not complete and this study focuses on one of the neglected areas - what the tombstones of Roman Britain reveal about epigraphy, gender and familial relations throughout the 1st and 3rd centuries AD. Much of this study refers to the Romanisation of Britain during this period of time. Chapter 1 looks at the social significance of tombstones and burial customs; Chapter 2 contains the analysis by categorization of gender and age; Chapter 3 details the dedicators of Romano-British tombstones; Chapter 4 discusses the epigraphic and artistic significance of the tombstones; Chapter 5 details the materials and dimensions. There are six data Appendices presenting the chronological analyses, and separate studies of civilian and military tombstones.
Researching your graveyard
The burial of the urban poor in Italy in the late Roman republic and early empire
Tombs & treasures
The use of grave-goods in conversion-period England, c.600-c.850
Excavations of the Athenian Agora : picture book. 13, Early burials from the Agora cemeteries
Children of the lamp. [1] : The Akhenaten adventure
Kranj - križišče Iskra : nekropola iz časa preseljevanja ljudstev in staroslovanskega obdobja = Kranj - Iskra crossroads : a cemetery from the migration period and the early Slavic period
The complete Tutankhamun : the king, the tomb, the royal treasure
Tutankhamun : the life and death of a pharaoh
The departed Harappans of Kalibangan
Regional approaches to mortuary analysis
Archaeological investigations near Tipasa, Algeria
Gods & myths of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the mythology, religion an culture
Haida burial practices : three archaeological examples: the Gust Island burial shelter, the Skungo Cave, North Island, mass burials from Tanu
The golden king : the world of Tutankhamun
Apostle or bones that shine like fire: travels among the tombs of the twelve
Tombs, graves and mummies
The whispering skull
Sõjahauad Hiiu-Rahu kalmistul = War graves at Hiiu-Rahu cemetery
Author Virginia Campbell demonstrates that the funerary practices of Pompeii are, in some ways, unique in to the population, moving away from the traditional approach to burial based on generalizations and studies of typology. She shows that while some trends in Roman burial culture can be seen as universal, each population, time, and place constructs its own approach to commemoration and display. Including an extensive catalogue of tomb data and images never before assembled or published, this collective approach reveals new insights into ancient commemoration. The Tombs of Pompeii is the first English-language book on Pompeian funerary rituals. It's also the first in any language to provide a complete survey of the tombs of Pompeii and the first to situate Pompeian differences within a wider Roman burial context.
A study of the spatial distribution of large and richly endowed tombs in Egyptian predynastic and early dynastic cemeteries
The devil colony : a Sigma Force novel
Bolivian ylätasangon hautatornit = The grave towers of the Bolivian high plateau
Morgantina studies : results of the Princeton university archaeological expedition to Sicily. Vol. 5, The archaic cemeteries
A reappraisal of the published evidence on Egyptian predynastic and early dynastic cemeteries
The archaeology of infancy and infant death
Graven images : New England stonecarving and its symbols, 1650-1815
Mummies and tombs
Living through the dead : burial and commemoration in the classical world
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
An archaeology of ancestors : tomb cult and hero cult in early Greece
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Qinshihuangling bingmayong = Terra-cotta warriors & horses at the tomb of Qin Shi Huang
The tomb of God : the body of Jesus and the solution to a 2000-year-old mystery
Children of the lamp. [4] : The day of the Djinn warriors
The tomb of Jesus and his family? : exploring ancient Jewish tombs near Jerusalem's walls
Asine II : results of the excavations east of the Acropolis 1970-1974. Fasc. 6, pt. 1, The post-geometric periods : the graves of the early fifth century B.C
Tombs at Giza
Romano-British tombstones between the 1st and 3rd centuries AD : epigraphy, gender and familial relations
Epitaphs : a dying art
Iron Age cemeteries and Hiisi sites: is there a connection?
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
Burial customs in ancient Egypt : life in death for rich and poor
Alexander's tomb : the two thousand year obsession to find the lost conqueror
A study of the sepulchral inscriptions in Buecheler's "Carmina epigraphica Latina
An Osteological Analysis of Human and Animal Bones from Leväluhta
Saqqara : the royal cemetery of Memphis : excavations and discoveries since 1850
The tomb of Tut-ankh-Amen
The raven boys
The mysterious death of Tutankhamon
The necropolis of Cyrene : two hundred years of exploration
The tombs of Pompeii : organization, space, and society
The treatment of human remains in archaeology
Funerary portraiture of Roman Palestine : an analysis of the production in its culture-historical context
The Amarna age : Egypt
Survey of rock-cut chamber-tombs in Caria. Part 2, Central Caria
Seven private tombs at Kurnah. Ed. by Alan H. Gardiner
Egyptian rock-cut tombs
The family in the eighteenth dynasty of Egypt : a study of the representation of the family in private tombs
Gods, graves, and scholars : the story of archaeology
The tombs of Nefermaat and Rahotep at Maidum : discovery, destruction and reconstruction
Aegeans in the Theban tombs
Kivik archaeology & iconography
The spirits of Crossbones Graveyard : time, ritual, and sexual commerce in London
Theoretical and quantitative approaches to the study of mortuary practice
Qasr Ibrim : the Greek and Coptic inscriptions ; published on behalf of the Egypt exploration society
"The Disappearing Tombstone" is a collection of ten stories about real people, who once lived in Emona or the surrounding countryside. These stories shed light on the everyday lives and often highly unusual fates of these people. The eleventh story reveals why the Romans believed that Emona had been founded by Jason and his Argonauts. The myth would lead later historians to believe that Emona was older than Rome.
Ancient lives : eight mummies, eight stories
The treasures of the Valley of the Kings : tombs and temples of the Theban west bank in Luxor
The sacred scroll
Burials and society : a study of social differentiation at the site of El Pichao, north-western Argentina, and in cemeteries dated to the Spanish native period
Constantinople to Cordoba : dismantling ancient architecture in the East, North Africa and Islamic Spain
Tutankhamun uncovered : the adventure behind the curse
Tombs and burial customs are an exquisite source for social history, as their commemorative character inevitably expresses much of the contemporaneous ideology of a society. This book presents, for the first time, a holistic view of the funerary culture of Rome and its surroundings during the third century AD. While the third century is often largely ignored in social history, it was a transitional period, an era of major challenges - political, economic, and social - which inspired creativity and innovation, and paved the way for the new system of late antiquity.
"A survey of the various ways in which the extensive remains of ancient architecture were reused or destroyed in the crescent from Greece and Turkey through Syria, Palestine, North Africa to Islamic Spain. The book complements and echoes some of the themes in the author's "Marble Past, Monumental Present" (2009). Offering a large number of varied examples, it examines how the ancient landscape was transformed - towns, roads and ports, fountains and waterways, tombs, palaces, villas and inscriptions. It then addresses reuse in churches, mosques and other structures, dealing also with collectors and museum-builders. Also considered are the dismantling and transport of the often massive blocks, and the superstitions surrounding antiquities which contributed to their continuing renown or to their destruction."--Publisher's website.
Megalithic enquiries in the West of Britain : a Liverpool symposium
Barclay de Tolly mausoleum
The materiality of serial practice : a microarchaeology of burial
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Children of the lamp. [3] : The cobra king of Kathmandu
Greek sanctuaries : an introduction
Burial practices in Roman Britain : a survey of grave treatment and furnising A.D. 43-410
Old forgotten mummies from North and South
The Old Kingdom cemetery at Hamra Dom (El-Qasr wa es-Saiyad)
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Emperor Qin Shihuang's eternal terra-cotta warriors and horses : a mighty and valiant underground army over 2200 years back
The cave of the nymphs at Pharsalus : studies on a Thessalian country shrine
Cave of the Nymphs at Pharsalus is the first book-length study of one of Greece's most cited nymph sanctuaries. The volume includes a revised catalog, extensive new commentaries on the cave's famous inscriptions, and a first-time investigation of the site's topographical and archaeological layout. Also known as Alogopati or Karapla cave, the Pharsalian shrine holds a special place among ancient nymph caves as the only such site to feature an inscribed poetic chronicle of the shrine's foundation and its founder, the mysterious nymph worshipper Pantalces. Based on years of fieldwork and archival research, Cave of the Nymphs challenges some commonly held views about the origin of this rock-cut 'tale' and offers a fresh perspective for understanding the Pharsalian cave in its proper historical context.
Funerary ritual and symbolism : an interdisciplinary interpretation of burial practices in late Iron Age Finland
Roman and medieval necropolis in Ravna near Knjaževac = Rimska i sredn̂ovekovna nekropola u ravni kod kn̂aževca
Egyptian models and scenes
The tomb of Alexander
Abusir VI : Djedkare's family cemetery
The king's grave : the search for Richard III
City of the dead : Thebes in Egypt
Landscape of the monuments : a study of the passage tombs in the Cúil Irra region, Co. Sligo, Ireland
The Tiger warrior
The guards of the tomb (Matt 27:62-66 and 28:11-15) : Matthew's apologetic legend revised
Souls and tombs = Ling yu ling
Tomb of the golden bird
The tomb in Ancient Egypt : royal and private sepulchres from the early dynastic period to the Romans
Death, art, and memory in Medieval England : the Cobham family and their monuments, 1300-1500
Stopping to smell the roses : garden tombs in Roman Italy
Writing the dead : death and writing strategies in the Western tradition
The cult of Osiris
The Medici secret
Excavations in Northern Mongolia
Repatriation reader : Who owns American Indian remains?
Children of the lamp. [2] : The blue djinn of Babylon
Burial & society : the chronological and social analysis of archaeological burial data
Couched in death : klinai and identity in Anatolia and beyond
Sacred sites of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the temples, tombs and pyramids
Visual representations of the afterlife : six Roman and early Byzantine painted tombs in Israel
The Theban necropolis : past, present, and future
The world of the Coffin texts : proceedings of the symposium held on the occasion of the 100th birthday of Adriaan de Buck, Leiden, December 17-19, 1992
The materiality of burial practices
Chamber tombs of Gnathia
The art of the Yellow Springs : understanding Chinese tombs
Patrios nomos : public burial in Athens during the fifth and fourth centuries B. C. : the archaeological, epigraphic-literary and historical evidence. Part 2
The funerary stelae of the Victoria museum in Uppsala : the late period through Graeco-Roman era
Abundance of life : Etruscan wall painting
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Mortuary variability : an archaeological investigation
The Oxford collection of the drawings of Roger de Gaignières and the royal tombs of Saint-Denis
Excavations at the Njoro river cave : stone age cremated burials in Kenya colony
Abusir V : the cemeteries at Abusir South I
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
Excavating the afterlife : the archaeology of early Chinese religion
The megaliths of Northern Europe
Crisis and ambition : tombs and burial customs in third-century CE Rome
