http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8503 attachment theory
attachment theory
"Organized around extended case illustrations and grounded in cutting-edge theory and research-this highly regarded book shows how an attachment perspective can inform psychotherapeutic practice with patients of all ages. Karl Heinz Brisch explores the links between early experiences of separation, loss, and trauma and a range of psychological, behavioral, and psychosomatic problems. He demonstrates the basic techniques of attachment-based assessment and intervention, emphasizing the healing power of the therapeutic relationship. With a primary focus on treating infants and young children and their caregivers, the book discusses applications of attachment-based psychotherapy over the entire life course. New to this edition: Incorporates advances in research on neurobiology, genetics, and psychotraumatology. Expanded with a section on inpatient treatment for traumatized children, including in-depth cases. Describes two promising prevention programs for expectant couples, families, and young children. The latest knowledge on disorganized attachment, attachment disorders, and assessments".
Attachment in psychotherapy
Handbook of attachment interventions
Attaching in adoption : practical tools for today's parents
Children's wellbeing and quality of preventive and non-residential services : kindergarten teachers' viewpoint
Social and emotional development : critical concepts in psychology : Vol. 3, Developmental during the school-age-years
Developing attachment in early years settings : nurturing secure relationships from birth to five years
Attachment disorders : treatment strategies for traumatized children
Attachment, intimacy, autonomy : using attachment theory in adult psychotherapy
Relationality : from attachment to intersubjectivity
Teenagers and attachment : helping adolescents engage with life and learning
The organization of attachment relationships : maturation, culture, and context
Growing points of attachment : theory and research
Handbook of attachment : theory, research, and clinical applications
Trauma, attachment, and family permanence : fear can stop you loving
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
Attachment theory and the psychoanalytic process
A short introduction to attachment and attachment disorder
The creative matrix : anxiety and the origin of creativity
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Origins and ends of the mind : philosophical essays on psychoanalysis
The psychology of babies : how relationships support development from birth to two
Assessing adult attachment : a dynamic-maturational approach to discourse analysis
The connected baby
Attachment behaviour and the schoolchild : an introduction to educational therapy
Attachment and loss. 3, Loss : sadness and separation
Inquiry into family relationships of antisocial and control group adolescent males : three viewpoints : social control theory, attachment theory, and family systems theory
Advances in psychology research. Vol. 39
Attachment-focused parenting : effective strategies to care for children
Affect dysregulation & disorders of the self
Attachment and bonding : a new synthesis
Winner of the 2003 Gradiva Award and the 2003 Goethe Award for Psychoanalytic Scholarship Arguing for the importance of attachment and emotionality in the developing human consciousness, four prominent analysts explore and refine the concepts of mentalization and affect regulation. Their bold, energetic, and encouraging vision for psychoanalytic treatment combines elements of developmental psychology, attachment theory, and psychoanalytic technique. Drawing extensively on case studies and recent analytic literature to illustrate their ideas, Fonagy, Gergely, Jurist, and Target offer models of psychotherapy practice that can enable the gradual development of mentalization and affect regulation even in patients with long histories of violence or neglect.
John Bowlby : from psychoanalysis to ethology : unravelling the roots of attachment theory
Child care and child development : results from the NICHD study of early child care and youth development
Connecting with kids through stories : using narratives to facilitate attachment in adopted children
Developmental theories through the life cycle
Attachment in Finnish singletons and twins to both parents
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
Emotional development in psychoanalysis, attachment theory and neuroscience : creating connections
A secure base : clinical applications of attachment theory
Mary Ainsworth : attachment and the growth of love
Attachment theory and research in clinical work with adults
Suzanne Zeekyk's connected baby 2
Attachment theory for social work practice
A practical guide to caring for children and teenagers with attachment difficulties
Attachment theory in adult mental health : a guide to clinical practice
Attachment and dynamic practice : an integrative guide for social workers and other clinicians
Attachment from infancy to adulthood : the major longitudinal studies
Attachment and loss. 2, Separation : anxiety and anger
Attachment theory and psychoanalysis
Nurturing nonviolent children : a guide for parents, educators, and counselors
Caregiving, cultural, and cognitive perspectives on secure-behavior and working models : new growing points of attachment theory and research
Emotion and memory in development : biological, cognitive, and social considerations
Social and emotional development : critical concepts in psychology : Vol. 1, Methods and models of developmental psychology
Attachment and development
Affect regulation, mentalization, and the development of the self
Attachment theory in clinical work with children : bridging the gap between research and practice
Attachment-focused family therapy
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 1 : Theory and method
Attachment and loss. 1, Attachment
Facilitating developmental attachment : the road to emotional recovery and behavioral change in foster and adopted children
Child psychology : a handbook of contemporary issues
"Analyzing a range of traditional and contemporary perspectives, this crisp text explores the core attachment styles and charts their impact on childhood and adult behaviour. Written by one of social work's most highly-regarded commentators, it is a perfect introduction to the complex field of attachment theory"--
Understanding attachment : parenting, child care, and emotional development
The first relationship : infant and mother
This study focuses on early attachment and its effects on later cognitive development and mental well-being in Finnish twins and singletons. Altogether 84 infants, including both singletons (N = 27) and twins (N = 57), were assessed at 18 months of age to determine their infant-mother and infant-father attachment using the Preschool Assessment of Attachment (PAA), a modification of the Ainsworth infant classification system. In the whole sample, approximately one third (37%) of the children were assessed as using avoidant/defended insecure (Type A), one third (35%) secure/balanced (Type B), one fifth (20%) resistant/coercive insecure (Type C) and the rest insecure other (IO, 8%) attachment strategy with their mothers, while the corresponding percentages of attachment strategies with fathers were 36%, 33%, 28% and 3%, respectively. The results yielded a difference in the maternal attachment between twins and singletons; the twins were more often Type B attached than the singletons.At 36 months the children were tested with the Stanford-Binet test for measuring their intelligence level. Children with Type A or Type B attachment pattern attained the highest IQ. High socio-economic status of the family and mature pregnancy (≥ 37 weeks) were also significantly linked with higher intelligence levels.At the age of 48 months, the children’s mental well-being was assessed by using CBCL (Child Behavior Checklist, Achenbach) questionnaires completed by the mothers of 22 singletons and 51 twins and the fathers of 20 singletons and 60 twins. Type A attachment strategy with the mother among singleton toddlers was significantly associated with higher CBCL scores reported by mothers, concerning withdrawal, somatic problems and total internalizing symptoms, whereas among twins there were no such correlations. In addition, on the basis of the parental reports singletons had significantly more behavioural and emotional symptoms than the twins.
Sabre tooth tigers & teddy bears : the connected baby guide to understanding attachment
Understanding disorganized attachment : theory and practice for working with children and adults
Clinical applications of the adult attachment interview
Can a day care intervention focused on promoting the attachment towards secondary attachment figures improve the secure attachment behavior of 12-24 month old children : the Kangaroo project
Attachment in middle childhood
Child development 0-8 : a journey through the early years
Attachment across the lifecourse : a brief introduction
Early attachment, mental well-being and development of Finnish children at preschool age : twinship - risk or opportunity?
Social and emotional development : critical concepts in psychology : Vol. 2, Developmental during infancy and early childhood
Affect regulation & the repair of the self
Modern social work theory
Restoring mentalizing in attachment relationships : treating trauma with plain old therapy
Treating attachment disorders : from theory to therapy
Emerging topics on father attachment : considereations in theory, context and development
Understanding transitions in the early years : supporting change through attachment and resilience
Attachment theory and the teacher-student relationship : a practical guide for teachers, teacher educators and school leaders
Attribution, communication behavior, and close relationships
Predictive relations between facial interaction and later attachment security
The dynamic-maturational model of attachment and adaptation : theory and practice
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
Self-esteem, locus of control and attachment : their relation with homelessness
Trauma and attachment : the John Bowlby Memorial Conference monograph 2006
The Routledge handbook of attachment : implications and interventions
Attachment in adulthood : structure, dynamics, and change
Attachment and human survival
Attachment handbook for foster care and adoption
Understanding attachment and attachment disorders : theory, evidence, and practice
The search for the secure base : attachment theory and psychotherapy
Attachment narrative therapy : integrating systemic, narrative and attachment approaches
Attachment issues in psychopathology and intervention
Exploring the role of music therapy in attachment, identity & creativity : a case study
Desire and avoidance in art : Pablo Picasso, Hans Bellmer, Balthus, and Joseph Cornell : psychobiographical studies with attachment theory
"In the fifty years since its inception, John Bowlby's attachment theory has been powerfully influential on developmental psychology and, more recently, mental health. Bringing together the experience of a diverse range of mental health practitioners and researchers who routinely use attachment theory in their own work, Attachment Theory in Adult Mental Health provides a guide to using attachment theory in everyday practice. Adam N. Danquah and Katherine Berry present a wide-ranging and practical approach to the topic which includes studies on clinical practice, the provision of mental health services and accommodating intercultural perspectives. Section One covers the basics of attachment theory and practice. Section Two presents clinical problems and presentations including, among others, the treatment of depression, anxiety disorders, psychosis, personality disorder and eating disorders. Section Three addresses the needs of specific populations, discussing the influence of sociocultural factors like gender, ethnicity and age. Finally, Section Four examines the organisation and the practitioner, including using the theory to organise services and how individual therapists can integrate their own attachment histories into their approach. Including the most up-to-date theories and practice in the field, Attachment Theory in Adult Mental Health is ideal for psychologists and psychological therapists, counsellors, psychiatrists, occupational therapists, social workers and mental health service managers and commissioners"--Provided by publisher.
Unique effects of fathers' attachment representations on preadolescents' psychosocial competence and problems
Women teaching boys : caring and working in the primary school
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Suzanne Zeekyk's connected baby 1
