http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8512 fantasy
fantasy
Winter's passage
Discworld : roleplaying game : adventures on the back of the turtle
Children of Chaos
Fantastic painters : with 40 colour plates
the Sandman vol. 5 : Game of you
The night circus : a novel
Cinema and landscape : film, nation and cultural geography
the Sandman vol. 2 : the Doll's House
The buried giant : a novel
Warhammer fantasy roleplay
Warhammer armies : tomb kings
The secret history of fantasy
The burning wheel. [Book 1], Fantasy roleplaying system
In the labyrinth of drakes : a memoir by Lady Trent
Pathfinder : campaign setting : Inner sea gods
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
New cthulhu : the recent weird
Dungeons & dragons : player's handbook : core rulebook I v. 3.5
Collects images from HALO, book covers, and personal science fiction pieces with tutorials focusing on specific Photoshop techniques.
More fantasy art masters : the best fantasy and science fiction artists show how they work
The art of Fallout 4
Once
Eberron : campaign setting
The artist in his studio
It might be an apple
Benign icons : Patrick Woodroffe's world
Bewitching Cross Stitch : Over 30 Fantasy-inspired Designs
Mortal heart
3-minute J.R.R. Tolkien : an unauthorised biography of the world's most revered fantasy writer
Tales from the perilous realm
Hidden : a firelight novel
The guardians of the west : book one of the Malloreon. [1]
Final Fantasy X-2 : the official guide
Nothing but shadows : Shadowhunters
Grave Mercy
Mother of Lies
Polgara the Sorceress
The book of imaginary beings
The Japanese devil fish girl and other unnatural attractions
Voyage of the Basilisk : a memoir by Lady Trent
The road to Oz
The Hidden City : The Tamuli 3. 3
The iron traitor
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
Game of Thrones : The graphic novel. Volume 1. / George R. R. Martin ; adapted by Daniel Abraham ; art by Tommy Patterson
Maidens, myths and mermaids : a handbook of patterns
Specials
Imaginary things: modern myth in Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" (2001)
The girl of fire and thorns
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Light boxes : a novel
Mastering Fantasy Art : Drawing Dynamic Characters ; People, Poses, Creatures & More
Snow like ashes
Structura3 : the art of Sparth
The Shining ones : book two of the Tamuli
Princess of the Silver Woods
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
Creating creatures of fantasy and imagination : everyday inspirations for painting, faeries, elves, dragons, and more
Demon lord of Karanda : book three of the Malloreon. [3]
There's no place like here
Princess of Glass
Lightning returns : final fantasy XIII : Xbox 360
Dreams and shadows : a novel
Iron's prophecy
Katie McGinty wants a pet
Fantasy art : warriors & heroes : inspiration, impact & technique
Defiance. Book 1
Sentury II
The Talisman
Final fantasy. XII : PlayStation 2
Exalted
the Sandman vol. 6 : Fables & reflections
Uprooted
The infinity concerto
Sci-fi & fantasy oil painting techniques
How fantasy becomes reality : seeing through media influence
The Greatest show off earth
Girl who never was
Kisses from hell
A place called here
Princess of glass
The sky : the art of Final fantasy VII-X. 1997-2001
Structura 2 : the art of Sparth
The heroines : a novel
the Sandman vol. 8 : World's end
Harry Potter and the challenges of translation : treatment of personal names in the Finnish and German translations of the three first Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
Revelations : the art of Max Bertolini
Dungeons & Dragons : dungeon master's guide : core rulebook II v. 3.5
The Amulet of Samarkand : graphic novel
"The highly anticipated follow-up to Structura and Structura2 is the newest collection of images from Halo art director Sparth (Nicolas Bouvier), who takes views on an amazing journey to imaginary lands with artwork that is not only visually stunning, but also equally inspiring".
Mistral's Kiss
Changeling : the lost
A feast of dragons
Tired of the same old fantasy? Here are nineteen much-needed antidotes to cliched tales of swords and sorcery. Fantasy is back, and it's better than ever!
The Ultimate fantasy sourcebook & CD-ROM : an inspirational collection of over 250 motifs with essential CD-ROM library
Final fantasy XV : PlayStation 4
Shards and ashes
The burning wheel. [Book 2], Character burner
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
The crane wife
Deception. Book 2
The golem and the jinni
The Fantacy Illustrator's Technique Book : From creating characters to selling your work, learn the skill of the professional fantacy artist
Artesia : adventures in the Known World
the Sandman vol. 7 : Brief lives
A Kiss of Shadows
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
The plague dogs
Fantasy landscapes in watercolour
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
War in the North : Xbox 360, Xbox live
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
The lord of the rings
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD : Xbox One
Final fantasy XIII : PlayStation 3
Deadhouse gates
Life after theft
The children's crusade
Shaking hands with death
Guardians of the west : book one of the Malloreon
Warhammer : dark elves : [a Warhammer armies supplement]
Other worlds
How to draw and paint fantasy combat
Shark shock
Daniel fights a hurricane : a novel
Harry Potter and the deathly hallows
Warhammer : hordes of chaos
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
War in the North : PlayStation 3
The sky : the art of Final fantasy I-III. 1987-1990
Fantasy workshop : a practical guide
The blood-and-thunder adventure on Hurricane Peak
Little wizards : an Antoine Bauza game
The adventures of uncle Lubin
Domes of fire : book one of the Tamuli
Heroes of the Valley
The hobbit and philosophy : for when you've lost your dwarves, your wizard and your way
Final fantasy XIII-2 : PlayStation 3
American supernatural tales
Fantasy Stories
The iron warrior
A feast of ice and fire : the official companion cookbook
Chloe's secret Princess Club
The invitation
The iron queen
Monster hunter illustrations : from living monstersa to active hunters..
Conservation of shadows
The crown of embers
The Ultimate Harry Potter and philosophy : Hogwarts for Muggles
Swashbuckling adventures : [campaign setting rulebook]
The serpent mage
The shadow cats
The buried giant
Roar and Liv : an under the never sky story
Dark heresy : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium : [core rulebook]
The Diamondking of Sahara
The graveyard book
Dinotopia : the world beneath
The hobbit
The Wind Crystal
Living by wonder : writings on the imaginative life of childhood
Everneath
Fantastic beasts & where to find them
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
The world of Warhammer : an official illustrated guide to the fantasy world
A march of kings
The cinema dreams its rivals : media fantasy films from radio to the internet
Sigmar's heirs : a guide to the empire
The milkman in the night
Swallowing Darkness
Starship Troopers : the roleplaying game
The Summoning
A quest of heroes
Fantasy art workshop
Warhammer armies : wood elves
The box man
Dungeons & dragons : monster manual : core rulebook III v. 3.5
The Emerald City of Oz
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
Princess of the Midnight Ball
Tamuli : Hidden (the) city (book three)
Fantasy art now : the very best in contemporary art & illustration
Ruby : otherworldliness
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
The good people
Merrow
The lord of the rings : strategy battle game
The silmarillion
Unexpected magic : collected stories
Drawing legendary monsters : [a step-by-step guide to drawing mythological creatures]
Structura : the art of Sparth
Fantasy genesis : a creativity game for fantasy artists
Everbound : an Everneath novel
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
Masterpieces of fantasy art
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Mythic adventures
Dark art : draw and paint witches and their worlds
Eight days of Luke
Every boy should have a man
The book of lost tales. Part I
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Pocket fantasy art : the very best of contemporary fantasy art & illustration
The sky : the art of Final fantasy IV-VI. 1991-1994
Shadowrun : core rulebook
The wonderful wizard of Oz
The bitter kingdom
The book of lost tales. Part II
Neverfall : an Everneath novella
Contemporary British society in the magic world of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter books
Lightning returns : final fantasy XIII : PlayStation 3
The Sandman : season of mists
A Lick of Frost
Undeadly : the reaper diaries
A Stroke of midnight
Fantasy art expedition : draw and paint fantastic creatures and characters
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
Warhammer fantasy role-play
Dragons of war
Master of Misrule
The Murdstone trilogy
