http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8516 family planning
family planning
Creating your perfect family size : how to make an informed decision about having a baby
Becoming aware : human rights and the family : a study based on four communication campaigns
Having a baby : How to prepare for and manage pregnancy and the birth or your baby
Religion social change and fertility behaviour : a study of Kerala
World fertility survey conference 1980 : record of proceedings : vol. 1-3
Having children after cancer : how to make informed choices before and after treatment and build the family of your dreams
This document reviews the medical eligibility criteria for use of contraception, offering guidance on the safety of use of different methods for women and men with specific characteristics or known medical conditions. The recommendations are based on systematic reviews of available clinical and epidemiological research. It is a companion guideline to 'Selected Practice Recommendations for Contraceptive Use'. Together, these documents are intended to be used by policy-makers, programme managers, and the scientific community, to support national programmes in the preparation of service delivery guidelines.
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
World population - turning the tide : three decades of progress
Africa's population challenge : accelerating progress in reproductive health
The progress of nations 1999.
Selected practice recommendations for contraceptive use : 2008 update
Birth control : an international assessment
Family planning, health and family well-being : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Family Planning, Health and Family Well-Being, Bangalore, India, 26-30 October 1992
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
The French obsession with population has roots in the old regime, when the French state used its power to convince French men and women to marry and procreate large families. Drawing on archival research, Tuttle explores the interactions of men, women, and officials all vying for control of the reproductive process.
Reproductive health research at WHO : a new beginning : biennial report 1998-1999
Fertility and family planning in India and Kenya
Woman's body, woman's right : a social history of birth control in America
Global population policy : from population control to reproductive rights
Family planning success stories : (Asia, Latin America, Africa)
What price parenthood?
Bodies on trial : reproductive rights in Latin American courts
To win the war against hunger : an essay on new ways to solve global food supply
Revolution and the status of women in India
Conceiving the old regime : pronatalism and the politics of reproduction in early modern France
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
Poverty and population control
Prosperity and parenthood : a study of family planning among the Victorian middle classes
International Symposium on the Recent Advances in Female Reproductive Health Care : June 5-6, 1992, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [2], French reports
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [1], Federal Republic of Germany reports
Family planning programmes and fertility
Fpa contraceptive handbook : a guide for family planning and other health professionals
Sexuality and family planning : report of a consultation and research findings
Fertility and family surveys in countries of the ECE region : standard country report. Poland
Revolutionary conceptions : women, fertility, and family limitation in America, 1760-1820
Contingent lives : fertility, time, and aging in West Africa
IPPF charter on sexual and reproductive rights : vision 2000
Olds' maternal-newborn nursing & women's health across the lifespan
China's population and development
Windows of faith : Muslim women scholar-activists in North America
Sexuality and rights : sexuality's importance to health and welfare : analysis by the Swedish Association for Sexuality Education (RFSU)
Prenatal testing : a sociological perspective
A developmental outlook for social work education : a report of a Seminar on "Maximising Social Work Potentials for Family Planning and Population Activities", held in Singapore, November 5-15, 1973.
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
Levels and trends of contraceptive use as assessed in 1998
Women's sexual health
Investing in women : the focus of the '90s
Sacred rights : the case for contraception and abortion in world religions
Bitter pills : population policies and their implementation in eight developing countries
The decline of males
China's one-child policy and multiple caregiving : raising little suns in Xiamen
And the poor get children : sex, contraception, and family planning in the working class
Transition to parenthood
Summary (s. vii-xi).
Fertility and welfare-categories in Finland : a need-theory approach to the size of family
How many children?
From private vice to public virtue : the birth control movement and American society since 1830
Medicine, patients and the law
New views on sexual health : the case of Finland
Planning the global family
Determinants of fertility in developing countries. Vol. 2, Fertility regulation and institutional influences
Coordination in multiactor programs : an empirical investigation of factors affecting coordination among organizations at the local level in the Egyptian family planning program
Reproductive and sexual rights : charting the course of transnational womenś NGOs
Poverty and children : a study of family planning
A study of abortion in Sweden : a contribution to the United Nations world population conference
Market town project, Madhya Pradesh, India : social marketing of contraceptives and information campaign on sexual and reproductive health and rights : annual follow-up review 2003-2004
Social background, education and childbearing before 30 : the experience of the Stockholm metropolitan birth cohort
Classical attitudes to modern issues : population and family planning, women's liberation, nudism in deed and word, homosexuality
The other half of my body
Implementation of international human rights law : a discourse theoretical study illustrated by the right to family planning in Indonesian law
Child survival, health and family planning programmes and fertility
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
The world's women 2005 : progress in statistics
The health rationale for family planning : timing of births and child survival
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Woman's body, woman's right : birth control in America
The family in the age of biotechnology
Familial, situational, and attitudinal determinats of third-birth intentions and their uncertainity
Fertility and family surveys in countries of the ECE region : standard country report. Switzerland
Conceiving parenthood : American Protestantism and the spirit of reproduction
Reproductive health services in Russia and CCE : a review of providers and provider-patient-relations research in English 1990-2010
Horn of Africa : family, population, and development
Yes, No, Maybe: Fertility Intentions and Reasons Behind Them Among Childless Finnish Men and Women
Humanistic approaches to health care : focus on social work
Fertility regulation in developing countries
Levels and trends of contraceptive use as assessed in 1994
Family, gender, and population in the Middle East : policies in context
Executive summary (s. 5-22).
Market town project : annual follow-up review 2001
Monitoring family planning and reproductive rights : a manual for empowerment
Oxford handbook of midwifery
Towards smaller families in the changing society : fertility transition during the first phase of industrialization in three Finnish municipalities
Family planning options : health workers' manual on
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [3], Israeli reports
World fertility survey conference 1980 : record of proceedings : London 7-11 July 1980.
Contraceptive method mix : guidelines for policy and service delivery
The right to reproductive choice : a study in international law
Fertility rates and population decline : no time for children?
Introductory maternal-newborn nursing
The art and science of midwifery
Family planning in Japanese society : traditional birth control in a modern urban culture
Family planning as a contribution to economic security and family survival
First births in America : changes in the timing of parenthood
World population : basic documents. Vol. 3, The developing world
The midwife's tale : an oral history from handywoman to professional midwife
Two is enough - but we have more
Evaluation of the impact of family planning programmes on fertility : sources of variance : a project of the Population Division of the Department of International Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, in collaboration with the Committee for the Analysis of Family Planning Programmes of the International Union for the Scientific Study of Population
Transcultural aspects of perinatal health care : a resource guide
In this paper we examine reproductive intentions among childless Finnish men and women aged 18 to 34 years. In Finland, as in other European countries, young adults are postponing parenthood to an ever-later age. Our intention is to investigate expressions of reproductive intentions, and particularly, to focus on the division of intentions between more positive and more hesitant expressions. We examine how education, factors related to economic security and values relate to childbearing hesitation among young adults. We also use information on the reasons that the young themselves have provided to examine differences in fertility intentions. Our study uses a sample of 724 men and women drawn from the PPA2 survey, which focused on Finns attitudes in 2002 toward family and children, family policy measures, values in life, and fertility intentions. We ? nd that education is related to postponement, and that unemployment increases hesitation. Partnership and the state of the relationship are clearly important preconditions for positive childbearing intentions among both men and women. Postponers are more likely to stress reasons that are related to present life situation and are more open to change, while persons who hesitate regarding future childbearing stress longer-standing reasons behind their intentions. .
Dispelling the myths of abortion history
Television and Fertility
Contraception : a user's handbook
Review and appraisal of the progress made in achieving the goals and objectives of the programme of action of the International Conference on Population and Development : 2004 report
Handbook of contraception and sexual health
Regional differentials in fertility rate and family planning in pre-industrial Finland
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Pakistan : implementation of the family planning programme vis á vis the social-economic constraints
The politics of family planning in the third world. ed. by T. E. Smith
Fertility and family planning in Europe around 1970 : a comparative study of twelve national surveys
Becoming a parent
Demographic transition in Kerala in the 1980s
Social and demographic factors in family planning : Some suggestions for future research
The social and cultural determinants of the use of contraception among married Somali women living in Finland
Fertility policies of Asian countries
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [4], Polish reports
Ethics and human values in family planning : conference highlights, papers and discussion
From incidental to planned parenthood : results of the second national fertility survey in Belgium
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
The childbearing decision : fertility attitudes and behavior
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Lungwena-Makanjira reproductive health project : annual follow-up review 2002
Men and family planning
Fertility and family surveys in countries of the ECE region : standard country report. Sweden
As couples marry and society evolves, a new generation of families is answering important questions pondered by professionals and couples alike. When should we have children? How many children should we have? What if we can't conceive? When is adoption an option? Can we--should we--fulfill what is expected of us? A comprehensive, multidisciplinary handbook boasting findings across traditional areas of study, Transition to Parenthood brings the contemporary family into clear, useful focus. Its expert coverage tracks current trends in family structures, roles, and dynamics, and explores the impact of individual members and the environment on the family unit. A variety of perspectives (e.g., ecological, life course, TPEX) are presented to best apply to clinical understanding, and the book considers topics as varied as the social class factor in women's fertility, patterns of relationship maintenance, and teaching children about money. And contrary to some schools of thought, the authors argue that macro and micro theories of families must be considered in combination for optimal results. Included in the coverage: A history of fertility in America. The family: diversity and demographics. Childlessness, voluntary and involuntary. The cost of raising a child. Maintaining your relationship across and after the transition to parenthood. Parenting programs and program evaluations. Navigating the transition to parenthood with a child with special needs. Fresh in approach and accessibly written, Transition to Parenthood will be a core reference for a variety of professionals, including family sociologists, family therapists, developmental psychologists, social workers, and counselors.
The childless marriage : an exploratory study of couples who do not want children
Creating a new consensus on population : the International Conference on Population and Development
College women and fertility values
Myles textbook for midwives
Choices about children
Natural personalism : a secular rearrangement of Catholic themes in bioethics
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Reproductive health : women and men's shared responsibility
Fertility and family surveys in countries of the ECE region : standard country report. The Netherlands
Population reports. Ser. J, Family planning programs
Family building and family planning in pre-industrial societies
Improving access to quality care in family planning : medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [6], Yugoslav reports
Girls' schooling, women's autonomy and fertility change in South Asia
The development of family planning services up to the year 2000 : report of the working group
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [2], French reports. Vol. 2
Women and democracy in cold war Japan
Family planning and the status of women in Finland
Reproductive rights and reproductive health : a concise report
Male involvement in family planning and reproductive health in rural central India
Maternal-newborn nursing
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Modern Korean family : a sourcebook
Family-building and family planning evaluation
Cross-national studies of social service systems. [5], United Kingdom reports
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 36, 2000
Just one child : science and policy in Deng's China
Better ten graves than one extra birth : China's systematic use of coercion to meet population quotas
Medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use
Reproductive rights in practice : a feminist report on the quality of care
