http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8511 imagination
imagination
Joe the barbarian
The cloudspotter
Abstract.
The butterfly tiara
Swashbuckle Lil : the secret pirate
Stanley's stick
The hypocritical imagination : between Kant and Levinas
Imagination and thinking : a psychological analysis
The development of imagination : the private worlds of childhood
The creative cognition approach
Artist's way for retirement : it's never too late to discover creativity and meaning
The zoomers' handbook
Greenglass House
Imagining : a phenomenological study
Imagery and cognition
Fantastic art
Aaugh! A dog ate my book report
A teaspoon of earth and sea
The scrivener's tale
Dhex lugee kaynta = Walking through the jungle
There's no such thing as a Snappenpoop
Seen and not heard
The creative family : how to encourage imagination & nurture family connections
The artist's way workbook
School spirits
The snow whale
Creepy carrots!
Kant and the power of imagination
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Art and imagination : a study in the philosophy of mind
Once upon an everyday
Ormanin içinden Yürürken = Walking through the jungle
The critical imagination
The real Tilly Beany
The heroines : a novel
When I woke up I was a hippopotamus
The language of imagination
Force of imagination : The sense of the elemental
How to be a good wife
An enchantment : a graphic poem
Children tell stories : an analysis of fantasy
The edge of worlds
Imagination and the imaginary
Peppa's gym class
This article advocates a reassessment of imagination in the study of oral poetry, theorizing imagination as a tool for research. It addresses imagination's role in constructing unseen worlds through oral poetry, which dialogically  structures understandings of the experiential world. It argues for a unified approach to imagination operating in mythic and other discourses. Kalevala-metre poetry provides an illustrative case..
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
The adventures of Beekle : the unimaginary friend
There's a shark in the bath
Only Fish Fall from the Sky
Rethinking imagination : culture and creativity
Tiger on the wall = [Ang tigre sa pader]
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
The notebooks of Don Rigoberto
Dreamworking : how to use your dreams for creative problem-solving
Child Of Books
Walk two moons
Visual imagery and its relation to problem solving : a theoretical and experimental inquiry
Mindsight : image, dream, meaning
Imaginary Fred
The geography of the imagination : forty essays
The crane wife
The Nowhere box
Squishy McFluff the invisible cat. Supermarket sweep!
Α motor creativity intervention in the Greek early childhood education settings: effects on beliefs about health
Mental imagery : on the limits of cognitive science
This is not a bedtime story
Ricky Ricotta's mighty robot vs. the uranium unicorns from Uranus
Playfulness : its relationship to imagination and creativity
The Tiddler sound book
The power of Henry's imagination
Moone boy : the blunder years
Isabella, the star of the story
The happy rag
The agile mind : how your brain makes creativity happen
Imagination in the later Middle Ages and Early Modern times
Dragon and captain
Changes
Secret tree fort
The Acme novelty library. Number 19
The architecture of the imagination : new essays on pretence, possibility, and fiction
The concept of the imaginary is pervasive within contemporary thought, yet can be a baffling and often controversial term. In Imagination and the Imaginary, Kathleen Lennon explores the links between imagination - regarded as the faculty of creating images or forms - and the imaginary, which links such imagery with affect or emotion and captures the significance which the world carries for us. Beginning with an examination of contrasting theories of imagination proposed by Hume and Kant, Lennon argues that the imaginary is not something in opposition to the real, but the very faculty through which the world is made real to us. She then turns to the vexed relationship between perception and imagination and, drawing on Kant, Merleau-Ponty and Sartre, explores some fundamental questions, such as whether there is a distinction between the perceived and the imagined; the relationship between imagination and creativity; and the role of the body in perception and imagination. Invoking also Spinoza and Coleridge, Lennon argues that, far from being a realm of illusion, the imaginary world is our most direct mode of perception. She then explores the role the imaginary plays in the formation of the self and the social world. A unique feature of the volume is that it compares and contrasts a philosophical tradition of thinking about the imagination - running from Kant and Hume to Strawson and John McDowell - with the work of phenomenological, psychoanalytic, poststructuralist and feminist thinkers such as Merleau-Ponty, Sartre, Lacan, Castoriadis, Irigaray, Gatens and Lloyd.
What can you do with a shoe?
Davidson on Rorty's postmetaphysical critique of intentionalism
Formations of fantasy
The girl and the gorilla
Princess of 8th street
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
Molly and the night monster
Imagination and the nature of choice
Harold and the purple crayon
Tiddler : the story-telling fish
Fantasy and mimesis : responses to reality in western literature
Bridget and the muttonheads
I could be, you could be
Picturing the otherworld : imagination in the study of oral poetry
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
Delilah Darling is in the library
I want to be a cowgirl
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
Music and imagination
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
Special needs : ADHD and communication difficulties
If I were a book
Tiddler the fish is always telling tall tales about why he is late for school, but when he is actually caught in a net and taken far from home, it is his stories that help him find his way back. (Bookwhere)
Connie and the water babies
Imagining numbers (particularly the square root of minus fifteen)
Captain Underpants and the attack of the talking toilets
Creative visualization : How to use imagery and imagination for self-improvement
A monster's moved In!
The imaginary : a phenomenological psychology of the imagination
The big ideas of Buster Bickles
Creative imagery : how to visualize in all five senses
Al-Mashi fil al-gaba = Walking through the jungle
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eight epic novel
The boy who would be a helicopter
The something
The daydreamer
Ned and Joybaloo
Be a friend
The shepherd's crown
Not a box
Captain Underpants and the revolting revenge of the radioactive robo-boxers : the tenth epic novel
Writing from the inner self
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
The boy who made things up
I went to the supermarket
The green ship
The strange library
The adventures of Beekle. The unimaginary friend
It might be an apple
Horse in the house
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
Lionheart
Filth
