http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8527 dictatorship
dictatorship
Bringer of light
World War II. Sodan alkusoitto
The ascendancy of the scientific dictatorship : an examination of epistemic autocracy, from the 19th to the 21st century
Stalin : breaker of the nations
Chewing gum
Theories of tyranny, from Plato to Arendt
Democracy across borders
Train to Trieste
Junta is a game of power, intrigue, money and revolution in a fictional banana republic. It is everything but nice: The players lie, betray each other, embezzle, and assassinate the members of the other families to transfer millions of pesos of foreign aid money to their bank accounts – which are conveniently located in Switzerland.
Military coups in sub-Saharan Africa : how to justify illegal assumptions of power
Stalin and his hangmen : an authoritative portrait of a tyrant and those who served him
Now available in English, 'Dictatorship' is Carl Schmitt's most scholarly book and arguably a paradigm for his entire work. Written shortly after the Russian Revolution and the First World War, Schmitt analyses the problem of the state of emergency and the power of the Reichsprasident in declaring it. --Publisher's description.
Introducing democracy : 80 questions and answers
The edge of the world
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
The Power and the glory
State and opposition in military Brazil
The untimely present : postdictatorial Latin American fiction and the task of mourning
The road to wanting
China shakes the world
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma
Civil society, constitution and legitimacy
The dictatorship of the proletariat
Hitler and Stalin : parallel lives
The madman of Freedom square
Explaining Hitler : the search for the origins of his evil
General conclusion (s. 219-223).
Chaos, violence, dynasty : politics and Islam in Central Asia
Fracture me. Book 2
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
" Young Mukhtar is frozen in time, gazing at his beloved Fatma as she disappears into the streets of Tripoli, Libya, destined to a life of prostitution. Around these young lovers, Bushnaf weaves a compelling network of images: a litter-strewn park, a bewitching Italian statue and a fluttering red scarf. Through these images, imbued with social, historical and existential import, Bushnaf paints a dark portrait of a country in crisis and an individual, alone at the centre of conflicting ideologies, all attempting to explain his existence away. With its satirical and semi-journalistic style, Chewing Gum is an existential quest to understand how a society exists beneath a repressive dictatorship. The rhythmic act of chewing relentlessly continues as individuals, time and land turn to waste. In this debut novel, no one escapes the critical gaze of a writer who witnessed first-hand the brutality of Gaddafi's regime. At times downright funny and at times poignantly sad, Chewing Gum depicts the academics, politicians and businessmen of Libya who all claim a monopoly on the truth of the country but who all, inevitably, fail the individual. Mansour Bushnaf is a playwright, novelist and essayist born in Libya 1954. He was imprisoned for ten years in the early 1970's because of his political activism and critical writings and is renowned for his award-winning satirical plays. He lives and works in Tripoli. " -- (Darf)
Pjongjang : a journey in North Korea
Dictatorship in Spanish America
The hunger games. 1
Stalinist terror in Eastern Europe : elite purges and mass repression
Juliette will not stand alone. In a battle that will decide the fate of her world. In Destroy me, Warner, the ruthless leader of Sector 45, refuses to let her go. In Fracture me, Adam, Juliette's first love, will do anything to get her back.
The Ryutin platform : Stalin and the crisis of proletarian dictatorship : platform of the "Union of marxists-leninists"
The hunger games
The United States and right-wing dictatorships, 1965-1989
Dictators and dictatorships : understanding authoritarian regimes and their leaders
Political economy of dictatorship
Conversation in The Cathedral
Destroy me : a Shatter me novella
A state of fear : my 10 years inside Iran's torture jails
Totalitarianism and political religions. 1, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships
A century of family autocracy in Nepal; being the account of the condition and history of Nepal during the last hundred years of Rana autocracy, 1846-1949
Autocracy and democracy : an experimental inquiry
Fame, money, and power : the rise of Peisistratos and "democratic" tyranny at Athens
The hunger games. Book 1
Conversation in The Cathedral : a novel
A Kim Jong-Il production : kidnap, torture, murder ...making movies North Korean-style
The Breakdown of democratic regimes
Catastrophe : what went wrong in Zimbabwe?
To the threshold of power, 1922/33 : origins and dynamics of the fascist and national socialist dictatorships. Volume 1
No-one loves a policeman
From dictatorship to democracy : a conceptual framework for liberation
Shatter me
Dictators & tyrants : absolute rulers and would-be rulers in word history
The little school : tales of disappearance and survival in Argentina
Burma chronicles
The governments of Europe
Religion under Siege. 1, The Roman Catholic Church in Occupied Europe (1939-1950)
Mongering North Korean Democracy for Inter-Korean Peace : democratization in North Korea and Inter-Korean Peace
The anti-Chomsky reader
Politics in the semi-periphery : early parliamentarism and late industrialization in the Balkans and Latin America
Social origins of dictatorship and democracy : lord and peasant in the making of the modern world
Peisistratos and the tyranny : a reappraisal of the evidence
Of love and shadows
The European dictatorships 1918-1945
Wars, revolutions, dictatorships : studies of historical and contemporary problems from a comparative viewpoint
Democracy in dark times
Totalitarian and post-totalitarian law
Democracies and dictatorships : Europe and the world 1919-1989
Truth and reconciliation : obstacles and opportunities for human rights
Nineteen eighty-four
Dealing with dictators : dilemmas of U.S. diplomacy and intelligence analysis, 1945-1990
Junta : the game of power, intrigue, money and revolution
The palace of dreams
The German dictatorship : the origins, structure, and consequences of national socialism
Military régimes in Africa
100 greatest tyrants
The land across
The hunger games. 3 : Mockingjay
Animal farm and 1984
First & last emperors / the absolute state and the body of the despot
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
Rumours and dictatorship
Africa betrayed
The book of fate
The transformation of Spain : from Franco to the constitutional monarchy
Dictators and Dictatorships is a qualitative enquiry into the politics of authoritarian regimes. It argues that political outcomes in dictatorships are largely a product of leader-elite relations. Differences in the internal structure of dictatorships affect the dynamics of this relationship. This book shows how dictatorships differ from one another and the implications of these differences for political outcomes. In particular, it examines political processes in personalist, military, single-party, monarchic, and hybrid regimes. The aim of the book is to provide a clear definition of what dictatorship means, how authoritarian politics works, and what the political consequences of dictatorship are. It discusses how authoritarianism influences a range of political outcomes, such as economic performance, international conflict, and leader and regime durability. Numerous case studies from around the world support the theory and research presented to foster a better understanding of the inner workings of authoritarian regimes. By combining theory with concrete political situations, the book will appeal to undergraduate students in comparative politics, international relations, authoritarian politics, and democratization. -- T.p. verso.
Totalitarianism and political religions, 2, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships : theory and history of interpretation
Dictatorship : from the origin of the modern concept of sovereignty to proletarian class struggle
In praise of hatred
The Soviet dictatorship
The Limits of art : two essays
Captives of revolution : the socialist revolutionaries and the Bolshevik dictatorship, 1918-1923
Spain under Franco : a history
Worst of the worst : dealing with repressive and rogue nations
Totalitarian dictatorship and autocracy
Uruguay : democracy at the crossroads
The politics of revenge : fascism and the military in twentieth-century Spain
Totalitarianism and political religions, 3, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships : theory and history of interpretation
Day of the oprichnik : a novel
Ultimate freedom - no choice : the culture of authoritarianism in Latvia, 1934-1940
The age of the dictators : a study of the european dictatorships, 1918-1953
Ceauşescu : the countdown
Enlightened despotism
Nineteen eighty-four : the annotated edition
The silence and the roar
Soldiers, spies, and statesmen : Egypt's road to revolt
Clear blue tomorrows
Stalin's instruments of terror : CHEKA, OGPU, NKVD, KGB from 1917 TO 1991
The disappeared : voices from a secret war
Mugabe : power and plunder in Zimbabwe
Nineteen Eighty-Four
The politics of obedience : the discourse of voluntary servitude
Balkan strongmen : dictators and authoritarian rulers of South Eastern Europe
The fear : the last days of Robert Mugabe
Franco and Hitler : Spain, Germany, and World War II
Stalinism and Nazism : dictatorships in comparison
In the future, the entire population is under a de facto dictatorship because of cerebral implants invented by one F.G. Wilson. Nolan Ska, an engineer, manages to travel back in time, with the intention of changing history by encouraging Wilson's first career: novelist. But the man who will eventually become a seemingly immortal despot turns out to be a poor writer, and it will be up to Nolan to use his own memories to be his ghost writer.
The Hunger games
A diffuse murmur of history : literary memory narratives of civil war and dictatorship in Spanish novels after 1990
Understand Mussolini's Italy
The power and the glory
Authoritarian regime in interwar Lithuania : circumstances, legitimation, conception = Autoritarinis rezimas tarpukario Lietuvoje : aplinkybes, legitimumas, koncepcija
Authoritarian regimes in transition : Afghanistan, Argentina, Brazil, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Haiti, Iran, Nicaragua, Philippines, Portugal, Spain
Papa Doc : Haiti and its dictator
The uses and abuses of history
How Russia is ruled
Totalitarian and authoritarian regimes
