http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8522 paper
paper
The-pop-up book : step-by-step instructions for creating over 100 original paper projects
The book and paper group annual : volume fifteen
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume five
Painted paper : techniques & projects for handmade books & cards
Ultimate celebration cards : Over 200 card designs for special occasions througout the year
Making books by hand : a step-by-step guide
Dynamics of hygroexpansion
Big book of papercraft
Papercraft inspirations : e-lehti
The credit risk of complex derivatives
Forward : Valmet's customer magazine
Finnish securities settlement and custody servicing is undergoing a major reform. The timetable is tight. The controlled execution of the projects, on time, is essential due to the systemic importance of the securities markets infrastructure and the competitiveness of the Finnish markets. The reform is based on the EU Regulation on central securities depositories, and the centralised platform for securities settlement, preparations for which have been headed by the ECB. These projects are considerable in terms of scale and are necessary for achieving sustainable cost and risk reductions..
The practical guide to marbling paper
Scissors, paper, craft : 30 pretty projects all cut, folded and crafted from paper
Paper engineering : 3D design techniques for a 2D material
The Book & Paper Group Annual : Volume 2
100 more paper planes to fold & fly
Corporate treasury and cash management
Creative paper folding
Paper, scissors, glue : 45 fun and creative papercraft projects for kids
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume tvelve
Paper craft
Start origami : all the techniques and tips you need to get you started
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume six
This study was a part of a project investigating energy efficiency in tissue   manufacturing. The project is being executed by Karlstad University Department of Chemical Engineering in collaboration with Metsä Tissue, Metso Paper and Södra.   Enzymatic treatment is a possible fibre treatment, which could reduce the energy   needed in refining, as well as provide fibres with suitable properties for the final product while reducing the energy needed for drying.     The objective of this bachelor's thesis was to research if enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp fibres has any effect on the beatability and water retention   value. These properties can be correlated to energy consumption in the manufacturing process. The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to find a suitable enzyme for this   research, plan an appropriate experimental arrangement and carry out the laboratory experiments. The experimental laboratory work included researching the effects of   enzyme concentration and moderate refining on water retention value of the fibres. This bachelor's thesis includes both qualitative and quantitative features.     The research was carried out at Karlstad University, Sweden. The preparation of pulp samples included enzyme treatment with the chosen endoglucanase and PFI mill   treatment. The samples were investigated by measuring the water retention value (WRV) using the standardized method. The results suggest that enzymatic treatment has a positive effect on refining and the water retention value. These are promising results for the energy economy. Choosing the enzyme was a part of this study and this selection process is described in the thesis as well. The trade name of the enzyme used in the   research is confidential.     This preliminary study encourages further research. That could be run for example with a few different enzymes, using different enzyme dosages and retention times and   different pulps that are used in tissue manufacturing. It would be beneficial to find the most efficient and inexpensive way to treat fibres with enzymes. It is also   important to investigate the physical fibre properties after enzymatic treatment. The results of this study were so encouraging that it would be interesting to scale them up to pilot mill trials.
A new era in securities settlement and custody markets
The simple art of Japanese papercrafts : 24 gift ideas for step-by-step oriental style
Testing of pulp and paper : methods applied in the Laboratory of Paper Technology. Part 2, Testing of paper
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume twenty 2001
Studies of water transport in paper during short contact times
Application of the lattice-Boltzmann method for simulating attachment of ink particles in paper
Testing of pulp and paper : methods applied in the Laboratory of Paper Technology. Part 1, Testing of pulp
Paper conservation catalog, May 1988.
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume nineteen 2000
The handmade paper book
Evaluation of commercial mass deacidification process: AKZO-DEZ, WEIT T'O and FMC-MG3 : phase II : new and artificially aged modern papers : CCI international report, April 1994
Paper conservation catalog, May 1986.
European directory of acid-free and permanent book paper = Répertoire européen des papiers d'édition sans acide et permanents
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume sixteen 1997
Statistical geometry of paper cross sections
Party origami : Instructions for 14 party decorations
Scaling and noise in slow combustion of paper
Playing with paper : illuminating, engineering, and reimagining paper art
Essays in paper analysis
Fun with paper sculpture
Coffee filter paper
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Paperness : expressive material in textile art from an artist's viewpoint
Paper crafts : how to make beautiful gifts and objects for the home from basic techniques to finishing touches
An analysis of successful REITs : significance of common traits and implications for REIT strategy
The role of paper and process technologies for mechanisms and image quality in digital electrophotography
Postprints : from the tenth annual meeting Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 26-30 May, 1982.
Paper- and membrane-based ion-modulated electronics
Capital Asset Pricing Model in building investment portfolio
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume thirteen
Hydrogen peroxide bleaching by spray application : a study of the effects on artificially aged paper samples
The origami bible
Paper conservation catalog, May 1987.
101 things to do with an A4 sheet of paper
Chinese paper folding for beginners
Which paper? : a guide to choosing and using fine papers for artists, craftspeople & designers
Analysis of stability of axially moving orthotropic membranes and plates with a linear non-homogeneous tension profile
Tapa, washi and western handmade paper : papers prepared for a symposium held at the Honolulu Academy of arts June 4-11, 1980
Ink and paper saving for sustainable printing
Paper : practical papercrafts in 30 creative projects
Print collecting : selecting, ealuating, and caring for fine prints
Creative handmade paper : how to make paper from recycled and natural materials
Ageing / degradation of paper : a literature survey
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
Practical conservation : our guide to caring for your treasures
Over the centuries diverse traditions of paperworking have been developed all around the world. The result is a vast array of distinctive paper goods and decoration that is breathtaking in its scope and beauty. This book has gathered together over 125 papercraft projects for making at home, from paper construction ideas to exquisite examples of decoupage, papier-mache, paper cutting and collage. All the instructions are easy to follow, relying on fairly basic resources. Projects include silhouettes, mirror frames, lampshades, screens, Christmas decorations, stationary, greetings cards, gift wraps, treasure boxes, children's toys, trays, ornaments, vases, plates, and mobiles. Each project is clearly illustrated with detailed step-by-step photography to guide you through every stage. A comprehensive section at the beginning of the book describes all the materials and equipment you will need, as well as essential paperworking techniques." – Teksti kannen liepeestä.
The complete book of papercrafts : a truly comprehensive collection of papercraft ideas, designs and techniques, with over 300 projects
Formability of paper and its improvement
Discover origami : 40 original projects to build your paper crafting skills
Mechanical deformation of paper in the printing nip
Biocides in papermaking chemistry
Equity markets in Russia
RRRIPP!! paper fashion
Papier mache : 25 creative projects shown step by step
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume eleven
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume seventeen 1998
Consolidation of the paper web : transactions of the symposium held at Cambridge, September 1965, volume 2
The complete book of papercrafts
Origami kit for dummies
Preserving our documentary heritage : the case for permanent paper
Paper models that move : 14 ingenious automata and more
Houdini's paper magic : the whole art of paper tricks, including paper folding, paper tearing, and paper puzzles
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume eighteen 1999
Optical method for liquid sorption measurements in paper
Analysis of malodorous nitrogen-containing compounds in paper and board products
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
Paper conservation catalog, March 1992.
Utilization of statistical methods for management in the forest industry
Making crazy animals
Dry strength additives : a project of the papermaking additives committee
Essays on directional predictability of financial and economic time series
Feasibility of industrial implementation of laser cutting into paper making machines
The effect of fiber properties on the paper roughening phenomenon
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Optimizing the dosage of stabilizing chemical
Securities Clearing and Settlement on Ghana Stock Exchange : A Study of an Emerging Stock Market
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume nine
Coating and calendering : means of improving surface of coated paper for printing
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
Modelling national material flows for paper recycling policy
Wedding papercrafts : create your own invitations, decorations and favors to personalize your wedding
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
Crafting with handmade paper : great projects to make with beautiful papers
Crafts for kids : paper
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
The encyclopedia of origami techniques : the complete, fully illustrated guide to the folded paper arts
Paper : fold it
Creative paper jewelry
Development and application of acoustic air flow paper dust measuring device in POLYTEST-project
Vacuum wash table
Papermaking : the craft of creative paperwork in 25 innovative projects
Spray coating technique as a surface treatment for woodcontaining paper grades
Giftwraps by artists
Akari : light sculpture by Isamu Noguchi
Deacidification Projection in Paper Conservation : Tekes projekti 40437/98 = Paperien neutraloimisprosessien tutkimus
The paper-hanger's companion : a treatise on paper-hanging
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Heatset offset drying on laboratory and production scales
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Equity premium and consumption disasters : Lucas-tree model with power utility
Die cutting of a self adhesive laminate and removing of a waste matrix
Paper cutting techniques for scrapbooks & cards
Paper pricking : The art of decorative
Experimentation with a new method of paper deacidification proposed by the Pulp snd Paper Institute of Canada : a report submitted to the Department of Art in conformity with the requirements for the degree of Master of Art Conservation
Papercrafts : 100 fantastic paper projects, step-by-step
Adhesion, presence and antifouling of Deinococcus geothermalis in paper machine environment
Constitutive laws : application to a linear viscoelastic material
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume ten
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Evaluating the performance of Finnish mutual funds using a conditional asset pricing approach
Papers of the 29th International Congress of Paper Historians, Stockholm, Sweden, 27-31 May 2008
Development of laboratory device for linting and dusting measurements in polytest project
Enzymatic Treatment of Chemi-Thermomechanical Pulp
Modeling and forecasting of realized volatility based on high-frequency data : evidence from FTSE-100 index
The paper trail : an unexpected history of a revolutionary invention
Choosing and using paper for great graphic design
The Role of Nigeria Capital Market in the Growth of the Industrial Sector
The effect of size and structure of filler particles on paper properties
The impact of chemical pre-treatments of fibre fractions on paper properties
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Build your own paper robots
Static instability analysis of an elastic band travelling in the gravitational field
Piezoelectric vibration damping of rolling contact
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
CREATING WITH PAPER : basic forms and variations
Paper conservation catalog, May 1984.
The complete book of papermaking
Paper conservation catalog, November 1990.
Optimization of the pilot machine infrared dryer
3D pop-up greeting cards
New directions in paper conservation : conference notes
Curl variations in paper and board
State-responsibility for cross-border environmental damage : why Argentina wants to sue Uruguay over a Finnish-owned factory
Forecasting stockmarket volatility : a comparison of GARCH-type volatility and realized volatility
The in-plane tear behavior of paper. Part 3, Comparison of fiber properties and damage
Analysis of Real Estate Derivatives
Underpricing of Initial Public Offerings : case: Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange
Factors Affecting the Axial Force in Low-Consistency Refining
Supply chain management and material handling in paper industry : case Tervakoski Oy
Chinese paper offerings
Enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Silhouettes : contemporary paper cutting projects
The art of cutting : tradition and new tecgniqyes for paper, cardboard, wood and other materials
Robust approach to stock market anomalies, causality and volatility
Behaviors in Markets Conditions Before Stock Market Crash
Paper conservation catalog, May 1994.
Origami and papercraft : a step-by-step guide
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
The art of paper quilling : designing handcrafted gifts and cards
House of cards / Sarah Hamilton
The paper cycle - is it sustainable?
Ecotoxicological status of a watercourse recovering from heavy loading by pulp and paper industry
Correlation between DPA and Emerson method as well as between DPA and process variables
Papercraft project book : 125 step-by-step papier-mâché, découpage, paper cutting, collage, decorative effects & paper construction projects shown in 700 photographs
Complete origami : easy techniques and 25 great projects
Modern art: the restoration and techniques of modern paper and paints
Paper engineering : 3-D design techniques for a 2-D material
Papercrafts around the world
A wavelet analysis of scaling laws and long-memory in stock market volatility
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume seven
Adventures in stationery : a journey through your pencil case
Marketing strategies to supply the waste water treatment equipment for pulp and paper plants in Vietnam
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Continuum - Rethinking BAT Emissions of the Pulp and Paper Industry in the European Union.
How to really ruin your financial life and portfolio
Acid paper - causes, consequenses and conservation in theory : Practical deacidification and sizing with calcium propionate, magnesium phosphate, calcium hydroxide and methylcellulose
Which paper ? : a review of fine papers for artists, craftspeople and designers
Evaluation of commercial mass deacidification process: AKZO-DEZ, WEIT T'O and FMC-MG3 : phase III : evaluation of media, bindings and special paper types : report submitted to Chairman's Committee for Preserving Documentary Heritage, Nov. 1994
Confocal Raman microscopy in chemical and physical characterization of coated and printed papers
The in-plane tear behavior of paper. Part 2, Damage analysis
Integrated approach to analysis of communication in issue arenas : building a balanced communication strategy portfolio - case Paperinkeräys Oy
Origami, Rokoan style #2 : the art of connecting cranes
Effectiveness of paper deacidification processes = Efficacité des procédés de désacidification du papier
Geometrical scaling analysis of a fiber network : effect of reinforcement pulp
The Book and Paper Group Annual : Volume eight
The Book & Paper Group Annual : Volume 3
Shareownership in Finland 2015.
The stress-strain state and stabilization of viscoelastoplastic, imperfect moving web continuum
The Profitability of Technical Trading System in Vietnamese Stock Market
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Creative paper cutting : fifteen paper sculptures to inspire and delight
Papermaking systems and their control : transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1969, volume 2
Paper conservation catalog, October 1989.
Continuum : rethinking BAT emissions of the pulp and paper industry in the European Union
Describing the Current Situation of the Financial Market in Ghana
Paper robots : 25 fantastic robots you can build yourself! : easy-to-fold, pre-scored designer templates : simply pop out the parts, fold, and glue!
Papermaking techniques book : Over 50 techniques for making and embellishing handmade paper
Consolidation of the paper web : transactions of the symposium held at Cambridge, September 1965, volume 1
Establishing Process Management: Case BillerudKorsnäs Finland Oy
Detection and analysis of local gloss of media
Measuring counterparty credit risk under the revised Basel II framework
The use of microcellulose in papermaking
Selvitys impulssikuivatuksen käytännön sovellettavuudesta = Practical potential of impulse drying. Osa 1 = Part 1, Kirjallisuuskatsaus = Literature review
On the mechanical stability and out-of-plane dynamics of a travelling panel submerged in axially flowing ideal fluid : a study into paper production in mathematical terms
Ownership and corporate governance in Finland: a review of development trends
Implementation of a metering size press on PM2 at the Georgia Pulp and Paper Macon Mill
Installation of a deinking plant to increase paper machine production : financial analysis and final report
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
International financial operations : arbitrage, hedging, speculation, financing and investment
Modelling of fibre orientation in contracting channel flows and in the jet-to-wire impingement
Applications of wet-end paper chemistry
The in-plane tear behavior of paper. Part 1, Mechanical properties
Girligami : a fresh, fun, fashionable spin on origami
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Washi Basics
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
The life laundry : how to stay de-junked forever
Papers for printing : how to choose the right paper at the right price for all your design and printing needs
Information and documentation. Paper for documents. requirements for permanence
Paper in a hot nip
Papermaking systems and their control : transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1969, volume 1
Determination of surfactants in industrial waters of paper- and board mills
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Animals in origami : [over 35 amazing paper animals]
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Papercut : an exploration into the contemporary world of papercraft art and illustration
Curatorial care of works of art on paper
Conference Papers Manchester 1992
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Den of thieves
Abstract: The aim of my research is to look for means to reduce the ink and paper consumption in printing. Previously, all text documents or in this case specifically final year thesis papers' were printed without the awareness of the number of papers used and ink consumed. This thesis leans towards green technology based systems of printing which can be termed as  sustainable printing that can benefit the environment and the cost of production for that case. In the 21th century, global warming and climate changes have been the biggest issues addressed. The emission of a greenhouse gas during the production process of printing  pollutes our environment. Printing is the 3rd largest industry while pulp and paper is the 3rd largest industrial polluter of our environment. This study case explores the impact of printing on the environment and looks for means to reduce it. Ink and paper savings not only save us money but also our environment and native natural resources. Different  online tools such as InkSaver 2.0, ecoPrint2 Pro Ink and Paper Saver, and Ecofont have been analyzed. This research is based on the current thesis guidelines of media engineering students at Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. I have attempted to modify the thesis  guidelines for saving ink and paper by applying techniques such as choosing the right inkeconomical typeface, a smaller font size, margin and line spacing. Finally, I have tested  the usability of the modified document. This research shows that the modification of typographic parameters and page layout of a document could save us paper and ink.
The book of fine paper
Coating viscoelasticity and blade coating defects
