http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8526 totalitarianism
totalitarianism
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, Hegel and Marx
Fahrenheit 451 : a novel
Stalinist terror in Eastern Europe : elite purges and mass repression
Radiant state
Sunny side of darkness : children's literature in totalitarian and post-totalitarian Eastern Europe : collection of articles
Totalitarianism : new perspectives
The totalitarian party : party and people in Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia
Animal farm and 1984
The glimpse
Totalitarian dictatorship and autocracy
The permanent purge : politics in Soviet totalitarianism
It can't happen here
Technoculture and critical theory : in the service of the machine?
Into the dark : Hannah Arendt and totalitarianism
The ascendancy of the scientific dictatorship : an examination of epistemic autocracy, from the 19th to the 21st century
North Korea undercover : inside the world's most secret state
Little book of big ideas : politics
Why do certain places and not others symbolically capture the past and freeze time? Likewise, why does the process of memory, as a fluid and changing activity, seem to prevent its own solidification? "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" reflects not only on the persistence of the past as a theme linked to modernity, media and time, but also discusses the politics of memory within a changing Europe. Drawing on the theoretical work of Hannah Arendt, Isaiah Berlin and Zygmunt Bauman, Siobhan Kattago uses examples from both Germany and Estonia in order to address the multiple layers of Europe's totalitarian past. Through reflecting on the legacy of totalitarianism and the revolutions of 1989, it becomes clear that the issue is less of whether one should remember, but rather how to internalize the various lessons of the past for the future of Europe. "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" thus offers the reader occasions upon which to take stock of different but overlapping contours of past and present in contemporary Europe.
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
Totalitarianism and political religions, 3, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships : theory and history of interpretation
Intellectual liberty and totalitarian claims
The Soviet citizen : daily life in a totalitarian society
Violence and peace : from the atomic bomb to ethnic cleansing
Politics of ideocracy
Totalitarianism : proceedings of a conference held at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, March 1953
A clockwork orange
Animal farm : A fairy story
We the living
From the totalitarian model toward the understanding of socialist reality
Stalin's instruments of terror : CHEKA, OGPU, NKVD, KGB from 1917 TO 1991
Hannah Arendt : a critical introduction
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
The quiet twin
The successor : a novel
Jupiter war : an owner novel
Memory and representation in contemporary Europe : the persistence of the past
Totalitarianism and political religions, 2, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships : theory and history of interpretation
The ambivalent role of Estonian press in implementation of the Soviet totalitarian project
Summary in Estonian.
Contemporary radical ideologies : totalitarian thought in the twentieth century
Six keys to the Soviet system
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
The passport
The emperor
The Totalitarian paradigm after the end of Communism : towards a theoretical reassessment
The land of green plums
The last hundred days
How to quiet a vampire : a sotie
V for Vendetta
The absolute V for vendetta
Eastern Europe in the twentieth century - and after
Between totalitarianism and postmodernity : a Thesis eleven reader
Nazi propaganda and the Second World War
Global catastrophic risks
Nineteen eighty-four
Koba the Dread : laughter and the twenty million
The trial
V for vendetta
Hannah Arendt : a reinterpretation of her political thought
The appointment
Brave new world
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The telling
Hannah Arendt and the limits of total domination : the holocaust, plurality, and resistance
Stalin's daughter
Democracy and totalitarianism
Oriental despotism : a comparative study of total power
Nineteen eighty-four : the annotated edition
Anthem
Beyond totalitarianism : Stalinism and Nazism compared
This is paradise! : my North Korean childhood
The feast of the goat
The clash of political ideals
Thought reform and the psychology of totalism : a study of "brainwashing" in China
Dictatorship and festivals
This collection of short stories set in the Delirium world centers around Hana Tate, Lena's mother Annabel and the fierce rebel leader of the Wilds Raven. Each story was published originally as a digital novella. This collection also includes an excerpt from Replica.
Published to acclaim in 1977, this controversial novel of ideas follows Konrad Rutkowski - professor of medieval history and former Gestapo officer - as he returns to the scene of his war crimes determined to renounce, or perhaps justify, his Nazi past. In a series of letters to a brother-in-law, Rutkowski lays out his ambivalent reactions to war and unthinkable violence, connecting his own swirling ideas to those of some of the major figures of European thought: Plato, St. Augustine, Descartes, Nietzsche, Freud, and others. But the novel is more than an intellectual meditation. Pekic was himself a frequent political agitator and occasional prisoner, and he drew on his first hand knowledge of police methods and life under totalitarianism to paint a chilling portrait of an intellectual acting as a tool of repression. At the same time he questions whether Rutkowski's ideology puts him outside the philosophical tradition he so admires - or if the line separating it from totalitarianism is not as clear as we like to think.
Visa for Avalon
The United States and right-wing dictatorships, 1965-1989
Ruling Russia : authoritarianism from the revolution to Putin
Socialism of the West : an attempt to lay the foundations of a new socialist humanism
Literary dissent in Communist China
The new inquisitions : heretic-hunting and the intellectual origins of modern totalitarianism
Totalitarian art : in the Soviet Union, the Third Reich, Fascist Italy and the People's Republic of China
Ella Minnow Pea : a progressively lipogrammatic epistolary fable
Postmodern pluralism and concepts of totality : The Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Workshop
Escape from freedom
The palace of dreams
Abstract: Hannah Arendt's storytelling: an approach to the understanding contingency.
Requiem for the east
Shades of grey. 1, The road to High Saffron
The vital center : the politics of freedom
The new face of Soviet totalitarianism
Flatland : a romance of many dimensions
Truth and fear
The strong state in Russia : development and crisis
Stalin's daughter : the extraordinary and tumultuous life of Svetlana Alliluyeva
Death of a nightingale
Stalin and his hangmen : an authoritative portrait of a tyrant and those who served him
The city and the city
A totalitarian state of the past : The civilization of the Inca empire in ancient Peru
The origins of totalitarian democracy
Power and civilization : political thought in the twentieth century
1984 revisited : totalitarianism in our century
The origins of totalitarianism
Political power and social theory : seven studies
Dear Leader
Engineers of the soul : in the footsteps of Stalin's writers
Totalitarianism : the inner history of the Cold War
Complications : communism and the dilemmas of democracy
Unlearning with Hannah Arendt
Totalitarian and authoritarian regimes
Eastern Left, Western Left : totalitarianism, freedom and democrcy
Brief loves that live forever
Smashed in the USSR : fear, loathing and vodka on the steppes
Al'bom protest = Album protest
The monument : art and vulgarity in Saddam Hussein's Iraq
The papacy in the age of totalitarianism, 1914-1958
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
Jupiter war
Totalitarianism and political religions. 1, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships
Between totalitarianism and pluralism
The fat years
Totalitarian communication : hierarchies, codes and messages
The great terror : Stalin's purge of the thirties
The Papacy in the Age of Totalitarianism, 1914-1958 examines the most momentous years in papal history. Popes Benedict XV (1914-1922), Pius XI (1922-1939), and Pius XII (1939-1958) faced the challenges of two world wars and the Cold War, and threats posed by totalitarian dictatorships like Italian Fascism, German National Socialism, and Communism in Russia and China. The wars imposed enormous strains upon the unity of Catholics and the hostility of the totalitarian regimes to Catholicism lead to the Church facing persecution and martyrdom on a scale similar to that experienced under the Roman Empire and following the French Revolution. At the same time, these were years of growth, development, and success for the papacy. Benedict healed the wounds left by the 'modernist' witch hunt of his predecessor and re-established the papacy as an influence in international affairs through his peace diplomacy during the First World War. Pius XI resolved the 'Roman Question' with Italy and put papal finances on a sounder footing. He also helped reconcile the Catholic Church and science by establishing the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and took the first steps to move the Church away from entrenched anti-Semitism. Pius XI continued his predecessor's policy of the 'indigenisation' of the missionary churches in preparation for de-colonisation. Pius XII fully embraced the media and other means of publicity, and with his infallible promulgation of the Assumption in 1950, he took papal absolutism and centralism to such heights that he has been called the 'last real pope'. Ironically, he also prepared the way for the Second Vatican Council.
Memory of water
Path to democracy : fateful lessons of the 20th century
Shades of Grey. 1 : The road to High Saffron
The literary underground : writers and the totalitarian experience, 1900-1950
Our twisted hero
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
The responsibility of the pariah : the impact of Bernard Lazare on Arendt's conception of political action and judgement in extreme situations
The summer isles
