http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8525 absolutism (power)
absolutism (power)
Abstract.
Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen = (Songs of a wayfarer)
Theories of tyranny, from Plato to Arendt
Jean Bodin and the rise of absolutist theory
From the birth of writing in Mesopotamia to the technologies of today, documents the technology of media - a revolutionary tool that allowed rulers to extend their control far and wide, giving rise to the world's first empires.
Canzonettas and songs : for voice with piano accompaniment
Canzonettas and songs : for voice with piano accompaniment : 12 English canzonettas and 2 songs
Fifty-seven songs : for voice and piano
The politics of aristocratic empires
Kim Il-song's North Korea
The making of bourgeois Europe : absolutism, revolution, and the rise of capitalism in England, France and Germany
Feminism, absolutism, and Jansenism : Louis XIV and the Port-Royal nuns
The prince : with related documents
"Haiti" is the definitive account of the ruling Duvalier family and its legacy. In 1803, the enslaved people of Haiti vanquished their French masters after a bloody war which left thousands dead. In 1986, Haitians celebrated another victory, as Baby Doc Duvalier fled to France, ending three decades of brutal dictatorship. The Duvalier regime slaughtered at least 50,000 people, many in the infamous Fort Dimanche. Duvalierism drove a million people into exile, cowed the six million that remained and was responsible for the torture of hundreds of thousands. Their oppression shaped modern Haiti as Elizabeth Abbott demonstrates as she traces the repercussions of their actions to the present day, including the earthquake which moved the world.
"Nicolas de Condorcet (1743-1794), the innovating founder of mathematical thinking in politics, was the last great philosophe of the French Enlightenment and a central figure in the early years of the French Revolution. His political writings give a compelling vision of human progress across world history and express the hopes of that time in the future perfectibility of man. This volume contains a revised translation of 'The Sketch', written while in hiding from the Jacobin Terror, together with lesser-known writings on the emancipation of women, the abolition of slavery, the meanings of freedom and despotism and reflections on revolutionary violence. The introduction by Steven Lukes and Nadia Urbinati sets these works in context and shows why Condorcet is of real interest today as we reinterpret the meaning of Enlightenment, the very idea of progress and the founding ideas of social democracy"--
Dictators and dictatorships : understanding authoritarian regimes and their leaders
The King's two bodies : a study in mediaeval political theology
The Prince
Napoleon and his collaborators : the making of a dictatorship
American songs
The prince and the law, 1200-1600 : sovereignty and rights in the western legal tradition
Democracy in the Arab world : explaining the deficit
Catastrophe : what went wrong in Zimbabwe?
States of war : Enlightenment origins of the political
Popular tyranny : sovereignty and its discontents in ancient Greece
Masters of the word : how media shaped history, from the alphabet to the Internet
Love blows as the wind blows : English and American songs
Feminism, absolutism, and Jansenism chronicles seventy years of Jansenist conflict and its complex intersection with power struggles between gallican bishops, Parlementaires, the Crown, and the pope. Daniella Kostroun focuses on the nuns of Port-Royal-des-Champs, whose community was disbanded by Louis XIV in 1709 as a threat to the state. Paradoxically, it was the nuns' adherence to their strict religious rule and the ideal of pious, innocent, and politically disinterested behavior that allowed them to challenge absolutism effectively. Adopting methods from cultural studies, feminism, and the Cambridge school of political thought, Kostroun examines how these nuns placed gender at the heart of the Jansenist challenge to the patriarchal and religious foundations of absolutism; they responded to royal persecution with a feminist defense of women's spiritual and rational equality and of the autonomy of the individual subject, thereby offering a bold challenge to the patriarchal and religious foundations of absolutism.
Selected political writings
The European dictatorships 1918-1945
28 American art songs : for low voice and piano
Competitive elections in authoritarian states : weak states, strong elites, and fractional societies in Central Asia and beyond
Condorcet : political writings
100 greatest tyrants
28 American art songs : for high voice and piano
Songs of Copland & Rorem
Pastorale : song for high voice and piano
Piety and politics : religion and the rise of absolutism in England, Württemberg and Prussia
Haiti : a shattered nation
Murder in Samarkand : a British ambassador's controversial defiance of tyranny in the war on terror
Dictators and Dictatorships is a qualitative enquiry into the politics of authoritarian regimes. It argues that political outcomes in dictatorships are largely a product of leader-elite relations. Differences in the internal structure of dictatorships affect the dynamics of this relationship. This book shows how dictatorships differ from one another and the implications of these differences for political outcomes. In particular, it examines political processes in personalist, military, single-party, monarchic, and hybrid regimes. The aim of the book is to provide a clear definition of what dictatorship means, how authoritarian politics works, and what the political consequences of dictatorship are. It discusses how authoritarianism influences a range of political outcomes, such as economic performance, international conflict, and leader and regime durability. Numerous case studies from around the world support the theory and research presented to foster a better understanding of the inner workings of authoritarian regimes. By combining theory with concrete political situations, the book will appeal to undergraduate students in comparative politics, international relations, authoritarian politics, and democratization. -- T.p. verso.
The garments of court and palace : Machiavelli and the world that he made
The Soviet dictatorship
Europe between democracy and dictatorship, 1900-1945
The myth of absolutism : change and continuity in early modern European monarchy
Totalitarian dictatorship and autocracy
The idea of autarchy in Rousseau's natural education: recovering the natural harmony?
Song album : voice and piano. Volume 3
The prince
Monarchism and absolutism in early modern Europe
Absolutism and ruling class : the formation of the Russian political order 1700-1825
Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen : for low voice with orchestral accompaniment
Mr. Tambourine Man : seven poems of Bob Dylan ; Three hallucinations (from Altered States)
Charles XI and Swedish absolutism
The fear : the last days of Robert Mugabe
The prince : the original classic
Kindertotenlieder = Songs on the death of infants = Chants sur la mort d'enfants
The prince on the art of power : the new illustrated edition of the renaissance masterpiece on leadership
Italienisches Liederbuch nach Paul Heyse : für eine Singstimme und Klavier : tiefere Ausgabe = Book of Italian lyrics
Lineages of the absolutist state
Song album. Volume two
Totalitarian and authoritarian regimes
Italienisches Liederbuch nach Paul Heyse : für eine Singstimme und Klavier = Book of Italian lyrics. Band 3.
