http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8529 fish populations
fish populations fish stocks
Manual of fisheries sampling surveys : methodologies for estimations of socio-economic indicators in the Mediterranean Sea
Developing new approaches to global stock status assessment and fishery production potential of the seas
International cooperation with the Nansen Programme : report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Gambia, 2-11 May 2006 = Coopération internationale avec le Programme Nansen : Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des Petits Pélagiques au large de l'Afrique Nord-occidentale : Banjul, Gambie, 2-11 mai 2006.
Competition for fish between the Saimaa Ringed Seal and fishery
Modelling of the dynamics, production and use of fish stocks in large lakes
Environmental assessment of seafood with a life-cycle perspective
Fishery in open waters
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Evaluation of the state of the Icelandic and north Icelandic cod and haddock stocks based on the groundfish survery carried out in 1985-2010
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 17 - 26 April 2007 = Rapport du Groupe de Travail de la FAO sur l'Evaluation des Petits Pelagiques au Large de l'Afrique Nord-Occidentale : Agadir, Maroc, 17 - 26 Avril 2007.
Conservation of Atlantic salmon by supplementary stocking of juvenile fish
Impacts of anthropogenic factors on fish community structure in Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 2000
Trends in coastal fish stocks of the Baltic Sea
Papers presented at the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Safety in sampling : methodological notes
Fish stock assessments in Lake Konnevesi
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Coastal fish monitoring in northern Baltic Proper : establishment of reference areas
Scaling fisheries : the science of measuring the effects of fishing, 1855-1955
Valuing fisheries : an economic framework
Recruitment failure and decreasing catches of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and pike (Esox lucius L.) in the coastal waters of southeast Sweden
An acoustic survey on pelagic fish in the Gulf of Bothnia in August 1991.
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1999
Fluctuations in year-class strength and growth of the vendace (Coreganus albula (L.)) in the small, mesohumic, oligotrophic Suomunjärvi, a lake in eastern Finland
Feeding ecology and behaviour of pikeperch, Sander lucioperca (L.) in boreal lakes
An environmental history of North Sea ling and cod fisheries, 1840-1914
Report of the FAO Workshop on Bywatch Management and Low-impact Fishing : Kuwait City, the State of Kuwait, 9-12 December 2012.
Growth and ecology of fish populations
Status and management of interior stocks of cutthroat trout
Atlantičeskij losos' : bioligiâ, ohrana i vosproizvodstvo = Atlantic salmon : biology, conservation and restoration
The effects of intensive fishing on fish stock dynamics in a north-temperate lake
Report of the fourth Session of the Regional Commission for Fisheries : Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudia Arabia, 7-9 May 2007.
Management of shared fish stocks
Fisheries ecology
EIFAC experiments on pelagic fish stock assessment by acoustic methods in Lake Konnevesi, Finland
Expert knowledge based Bayesian Belief Network for estimation of salmon smolt carrying capacity in the Gulf of Bothnia wild salmon rivers
Mixed-stock exploitation of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) and seal-induced damage in the coastal trap-net fishery of the Gulf of Bothnia : challenges and potential solutions
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
Impacts of Song Bung 4 hydropower project to biodiversity and hydrology of Vu Gia – Thu Bon basin in Quang Nam province, Vietnam
Salmon without rivers : a history of the Pacific salmon crisis
Fish population dynamics
Diurnal and seasonal resource partitioning in young brown trout (Salmo trutta), Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus) and Alpine bullhead (Cottus poecilopus) in a subalpine lake in southeastern Norway
Sampling methods applied to fisheries science : a manual
Interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries : proceedings of the first FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, 3-11 December 1991, Nouméa, New Caledonia. Vol. 2, Papers on biology and fisheries
Climate and fisheries
Review of the state of world marine capture fisheries management : Indian Ocean
Fisheries management strategies
Report of the Meeting of Fisheries Managers and Ministers of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Working Group on Shrimp and Groundfish Resources in the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, 26-29 March 2001
Describing lake fish communities : do presence-absence and biomass data show similar spatial and environmental relationships?
Mechanism of fluctuations in year class survival of vendace (Coregonus albula (L.)) larvae - an individual size based approach
Marine ranching
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
The economics of ocean ranching : experiences, outlook and theory
Fisheries : while stocks last?
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
The economics of rebuilding fisheries : workshop proceedings
Report of the thirtieth session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, 9-13 July 2012.
Report of the FAO Technical Working Group on the Conservation and Management of Sharks : Tokyo, Japan, 23-27 April 1998.
Springtime episodic acidification as a regulatory factor of estuary spawning fish recruitment
Report of the Eight Session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Tirana, Albania, 25-28 October 2005 = Rapport de la huitième session du Comité Scientifique Consultatif : Tirana, Albanie, 25-28 octobre 2005
Quantitative fisheries stock assessment : choice, dynamics and uncertainty
EIFAC experiments on pelagic fish stock assessment by acoustic methods in Lake Tegel
Genetic diversity of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and European whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus) in the Baltic Sea
Fluctuation of underyearling abundance of some fishes in Lake Ilmen
Report of the ninth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Rome, 24-27 October 2006 = Rapport de la neuvième session du Comité Scientifique Consultatif : Rome, 24-27 octobre 2006
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
The role of compensatory processes in determining the yield from whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus L. s.l.) stocking in inland waters in Northern Finland
Composition and dynamics of fish stocks in the Gulf of Riga ecosystem
Estimation of tuna fishing capacity from stock assessment-related information : workshop to further develop, test and apply a method for the estimation of tuna fishing capacity from stock assessment-related information 14-16 May 2007 La Jolla, California, United States of America
Long-term changes in the structure of the fish community of the Lake Peipus
Report of the fifth meeting of the Planning Group for the Coordination of Acoustic Surveys off Northwest Africa : Dakar, Senegal, 29 - 30 October 2006 = Rapport de la cinquième réunion du Groupe de Planification pour la Coordination des Campagnes Acoustiques au Large de l'Afrique du Nord-Ouest : Dakar, Sénégal, 29 - 30 octobre 2006.
Scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish Symposium on Selectivity Research in the Baltic Sea Area, Gdynia, Poland, March 23-25, 1999
Report of the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 26-30 October 1998.
A bioeconomic analysis of the northern baltic salmon fishery : coexistence versus exclusion of contesting sequential fisheries
Comparison of two sampling methods, the beach seining and plexiglas trapping, to investigate littoral fish fauna
Protection and management of salmon in Lake Saimaa
Report of the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Stock assessment in inland fisheries
Fisheries administration in the field of aqua culture and restocking : 4th BAFICO seminar 16-17.4.1998 in Riga
Indicators for the sustainable development of finfish Mediterranean aquaculture : highlights from the InDAM project
A socioeconomic cost-benefit analysis of the use of glass eel
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Stock assessment of Tilapia (Oreochromis Niloticus) on Lake Zeway, Ethiopia
Report of the Workshop on the Pelagic Surveys off Northwest Africa in the 1990s : Bergen, Norway, 28 September - 2 October 1998.
Biology and ecology of fishes
Papers presented at ICES statutory meetings in 1984-1986 by Finnish participants
Evaluation and management of the Finnish herring fishery
Quantitative fisheries stock assessment : Choice, dynamics and uncertainty
Report of the thirteenth session of the Joint EIFAC/ICES Working Group on Eels : Copenhagen, Denmark, 28-31 August 2001
The fish resources of the ocean
Inland fisheries : ecology and management
Stock transfer in vendace : an evaluation using microsatellite markers
Trends in the abundance, recruitment and mortality of Baltic herring and sprat off the coast of Finland according to exploratory fishing with a pelagic trawl in 1956-84
Fisheries acoustics : theory and practice
Fish stock assessment manual
Recruitment variability in vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), and its consequences for vendace harvesting
Salmonid fishes : population biology, genetics, and management
The state of world highly migratory, straddling and other high seas fishery resources and associated species
Spatial and temporal variation in fish populations and assemblages in coastal waters of the northern Baltic Proper
Characterizing the pelagic fish assemblage in Lake Paanajärvi: scarce stocks and large individuals
FAO-ICLARM stock assessment tools II : FiSAT II user's guide
Methodological workshop on the management of tuna fishing capacity : stock status, data envelopment analysis, industry surveys and management options : 8-12 May 2006, La Jolla, California, United States of America
Intra- and interspecific factors in the dynamics of vendace (Coregonus albula (L.)) populations
Report of the Third Workshop on the Assessment of Shrimp and Groundfish Fisheries on the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Belém, Brazil, 24 May-10 June 1999
Computation and interpretation of biological statistics of fish populations
Management of large pelagic fisheries in the CARICOM countries
A review of length-based approaches to assessing fish stocks
Adaptive management for a whitefish population exclusively exploited by anglers - first results after a test period of four years
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 11, Barents Sea
Lotic life stages of the European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) : anthropogenic detriment and rehabilitation
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
The end of the line : how overfishing is changing the world and what we eat
Introduction to tropical fish stock assessment. Part 2, Exercises
Report of the Workshop to Plan the 1999 R/V DR FRIDTJOF NANSEN Surveys in the Northern CECAF Area and the Standardization of Acoustic Surveys in the Region : Casablanca, Morocco,18-22 October 1999 = Rapport de L'atelier pour la planification des prospections du N/R DR FRIDTJOF NANSEN dans la zone Nord COPACE et la standardisation des prospections acoustiques dans la région : Casablanca, Maroc, 18-22 octobre 1999
Implementation of the Norwegian spring-spawning herring stock dynamics and risk analysis
Fishes of Estonia
A simple proof of gillnet saturation
Report of the Second Technical Consultation on Stock Assessment in the Black Sea, Ankara, Turkey, 15-19 February 1993 = Conseil général des pêches pour la Méditerranée : rapport de la deuxième Consultation technique sur l'évaluation des stocks dans la mer Noire, Ankara, Turquie, 15-19 février 1993
On the challenges of designing cooperative coalition games for multi-species fisheries
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 31, Oyashio Current
Report of the fourth session of the Sub-Committee on Fish Trade, Rome, 5-8 October 1993
Bioeconomic modelling of salmon fisheries : a survey
Fisheries biology, assessment and management
Selected computer programs in FORTRAN for fish stock assessment : sample outputs
Report of the Twenty-sixth Session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission, Zagreb, 17-20 May 2010.
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 1, Synthesis report
Ecosystem approaches for fisheries management : proceedings of the Symposium on Ecosystem Considerations in Fisheries Management, September 30-October 3, 1998, Anchorage, Alaska
Ecosystem-based fisheries management : confronting tradeoffs
Measurements and correction models of behaviourally induced biases in acoustic estimates of wintering herring (Clupea harengus L.)
Fish stock assessments and predictions : integrating relevant knowledge
Trends in the long-term development of the fish community in Lake Peipus
Research implications of adopting the precautionary approach to management of tuna fisheries
Genetic structure of Finnish and Russian sea trout populations in the Gulf of Finland area
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Quantitative fish dynamics
Report of the Workshop on the Small Pelagic Resources of Angola, Congo and Gabon : Luanda, Angola, 3-7 November 1997
Assessing and monitoring genetic patterns for conservation purposes with special emphasis on Scandinavia
The Marine Research Institute (MRI) has annually gathered information on fish stocks in Icelandic waters since spring 1985. These researches have been carried out by bottom trawls. Since 1996 the bottom trawling has been carried out also in autumn. The purpose of this research has been to gather information on the development of fish stocks as well as the distribution of their length, weight and age. The main focus in this thesis lies on cod (Gadus morhua). While observing the Icelandic fishing industry, the importance of cod is greater than other species. This thesis focuses on the data gathered by bottom trawls between spring 1985 and autumn 2010. The species included to this thesis are cod and haddock (Melangrammus aeglefinus). The results base largely on the average lengths and weights and how these two vary between different age groups. The average lengths have increased slightly in 21st century for both cod and haddock. In the spring survey carried out in 1985-2010 the average length for cod was 40-50 cm while in the autumn survey carried out 1996-2010 the average length had risen to 50-60 cm. In the spring survey the average length for haddock was 30-40 cm while in the autumn survey the average length had risen to 35-45 cm. Also the average weights have increased during the survey for both cod and haddock. However, the amounts for total catches have not shown any remarkable recovery. While trying to preserve sustainable fish stocks, creating new and more precise catching methods have an important role. This reduces the amount of bycatches and would also help the regulation of fish stocks.
Population dynamics of vendace (Coregonus albula L.) in Finland
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, the Gambia, 18-22 May 2010 = Rapport du Groupe de Travail de la FAO sur l'Evaluation des Petits Pélagiques au Large de l'Afrique Nord-Occidentale : Banjul, la Gambie, 18-22 mai 2010.
The biological basis of freshwater fish production : a symposium sponsored by sectional committee on productivity of freshwater communities of the International biological programme, the University, Reading, England, 1-6 Sept. 1966
Coastal lagoons : assemblage patterns and habitat use of fish in vegetated nursery habitats
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
Virtual population analysis : a practical manual for stock assessment
The biology, distribution and state of exploitation of fish stocks in the ICES area : part 2.
Effects of turbidity and zooplankton availability on the condition and prey selection of pike larvae
Interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries : proceedings of the first FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, 3-11 December 1991, Nouméa, New Caledonia. Vol. 1, Summary report and papers on interaction
Key aspects of robust fish stock assessment
Early life history and recruitment in fish populations
Distribution of Baltic herring off the coast of Finland in 1981 and 1982 according to VPA and cpue data
Report of the tenth session of the Western Central Atlantic Fishery Commission and of the seventh session of the Committee for the Development and Management of Fisheries in the Lesser Antilles : Bridgetown, Barbados, 24-27 October 2001 = Rapport de la dixième session de la Commission des pêches pour l'Atlantique centre-ouest et la septième session du Comité pour le developpement et l'aménagement des pêches dans les Petites Antilles : Bridgetown, la Barbade, 24-27 octobre 2001 = Informe de la décima sesión de la Comisión de pesca para el Atlántico centro-occidental y de la séptima sesión del Comité para el desarrollo y la ordenación de la pesca en las Antillas menores : Bridgetown, Barbados, 24-27 de octubre de 2001.
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Introduction to tropical fish stock assessment. Part 1, Manual
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Nouakchott, Mauritania, 21-30 April 2009 = Rapport du Groupe de Travail de la FAO sur l'Evaluation des Petits Pélagiques au Large de l'Afrique Nord-Occidentale : Nouakchott, Mauritanie, 21-30 avril 2009.
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
Nordic multimesh gillnet : robust gear for sampling fish populations
The variations in the catch of Salmon and the Water levels of the rivers
Marine ecology and fisheries
State of fish stock in Lake Ilmen
Bayesian fisheries stock assessment : integrating and updating knowledge
Climate change and long-term fluctuations of commercial catches : the possibility of forecasting
Papers contributed to the regional symposium on sustainable development of inland fisheries under environmental constraints : Bangkok, Thailand, 19-21 October 1994 = Country reports presented at the Sixth session of the IPFC Working Party of Experts on Inland Fisheries : Bangkok Thailand, 17-21 October 1994.
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 2, Case studies
The importance of larvae and nursery areas for fish production
Fish stock assessment : a manual of basic methods
Ihmistoiminnan vaikutus Cross River –joen Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon –alueen kalayhteisön rakenteeseen.
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
