http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8538 judicial murder
judicial murder
The Count of Monte Cristo
The undertaker's widow
Immunity from prosecution for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide : the case of head of states
Lebensschutz im Strafrecht = The protection of life in criminal law
Bones on ice : a novella
Dead man walking : an eyewitness account of the death penalty in the United States
Murder in the high himalaya : loyalty, tragedy, and escape from Tibet
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD
Incident at Oglala : a film by Michael Apted
Crime, law and justice in Greenland
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 7, part 1, The South
The innocent man : murder and injustice in a small town
The confession
The return : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
Swamp bones : a novella
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 7, part 2, The South
The art of political murder : who killed Bishop Gerardi?
Genocide in Rwanda : is it really Finland's concern?
Human rights horizons : the pursuit of justice in a globalizing world
The paperboy
The nightmare thief
Suffer the children
The weeping girl : an inspector Van Veeteren mystery
The human side of homicide
The Shawshank redemption = Avain pakoon
The wrong man
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 9, part 1, Violence and theft
Human rights and genocide in the Baltic states
Post-trial judicial review of criminal convictions : a comparative study of the United States and Finland
Law and history
The innocent man
Incident at Oglala
The Lincoln lawyer
Rogue lawyer
"I know who killed my son." Molly Rourke's son has been murdered... and she knows who's responsible. Now she's taking the law into her own hands. Never underestimate a mother's love.
Bones in her pocket : a Temperance Brennan short story
The liar's lullaby
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 9, part 3, Violence and theft
A problem from hell : America and the age of genocide
The calling of the grave
"Arthur and George grow up worlds apart in late nineteenth-century Britain: Arthur in shabby-genteel Edinburgh. George in the vicarage of a small Staffordshire village. Arthur becomes a doctor, then a writer: George a solicitor in Birmingham. Arthur is to be come one of the most famous men of his age, while George remains in hard-working obscurity. But as the new century begins, they are brought together by a sequence of events that made sensational headlines at the time as The Great Wyrley Outrages. With a mixture of intense research and vivid imagination, Julian Barnes brings into sharp focus not just this long-forgotten case but the inner workings of these two very different men. This is a novel in which the events of a hundred years ago constantly set off contemporary echoes, a novel about low crime and high spirituality, guilt and innocence, identity, nationality and race. Most of all it is a profound and moving meditation on the fateful differences between what we believe, what we know and what we can prove. -- (Back Cover)
The village of cannibals : rage and murder in France, 1870
Forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan examines the bodies of three babies while Detective Ryan investigates their mother in a case with ties to the high-stakes world of diamond mining / WorldCat.
The moral limits of the criminal law. Vol. 3, Harm to self
A place of execution
Whispers of the dead
The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? : History by international criminal trials
The Wronged man
Drive by
West of Memphis
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Crime and aggression in changing Ceylon : a sociological analysis of homicide, suicide, and economic crime
To Kill a Mockingbird
Rwanda crisis and genocide in case law of Rwanda Tribunal
Worse than war : genocide, eliminationism and the ongoing assault on humanity
Bones of the lost
