http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8530 customer relationship management
customer relationship management
Using net promoter® system in social customer relationship management : case Sonera
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to discover and explore the importance of database in customer lifecycle. Nowadays valuable customer retention is one of the principal objectives of the companies. Database is a tool to achieve this goal.  The challenges of the study were to define clearly the concepts in relation with the thesis such as relationship marketing, to clarify a subject that is pretty new and to conceive a tool for companies.  In the first part of the thesis, the principal topics essential to the subject comprehension were discussed. The principal objective of the theoretical part was to confront the different theories concerning the subject.  In the empirical part of the thesis, the theories were compared to the information collected through the semi-structured interview. The objective of this part was to see how a company, with financial limitations, can deal with a database management strategy and to give pieces of advice to the company.  The research revealed that the most important thing is to have a database adapted to the objectives and to the company capabilities. The communication and corporate commitment are also fundamentals to implement an efficient customer relationship management politic.
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
Customer satisfaction and customer loyalty with perspective of developing a company: case company: Olive Bay International Ky Finland
Enterprise Application Software
Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4 for dummies
Value Co-Creation in Seller-Reseller Relationships
This text offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of e-business and e-commerce management. The author, Dave Chaffey, brings his trademarks of authority, clarity of expression and teaching expertise to bear on a subject in which he actively lectures and consults.
Inventory access service product : improving customer satisfaction
Social CRM and digital marketing communication in B2B relationships
Marketing and customer communications
Effective customer care
Requirements for successful development of customer relationship management (CRM) - case Tamro Finland
Abstract: This thesis was motivated by my professional interest in Enterprise Application Software (EAS). Before I would be able to address the subject of my interest I needed to build a framework that could be used for the thesis.  The goal of this thesis was to create a framework which can be used to analyze the applicability of EAS for different industries by certain applicability criteria. There are so many different EAS today for each software category that companies and organizations struggle during software acquisition processes with the challenge to determine the best candidate to their particular business. This thesis aimed to analyze the factors to be considered be-fore and during the evaluation of the acquisition options.  The theoretical part of this thesis was built to separately determine the software and in-dustry categories and applicability criteria. The theory on software consists of Business Intelligence (BI), Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Database and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). The theory on industries covers the banking, manufacturing and telecommunications industries where telecommunications is considered as a service pro-vider.  When the framework was finished it was utilized to perform an applicability analysis with it. The analysis was focused on every software category at a time. Every software catego-ry was analyzed for every industry by the chosen applicability criteria. The analysis led to conclusions on how to weigh different evaluation factors during the acquisition process.
Customer Relationship Management for Long Wei Plastics & Metal Manufacturing CO. LTD
Customer relationship management
Market analysis in the business of electronic products
Customer satisfaction survey, result analysis and utilization in a global forestry company
The importance database in customer lifecycle management  : Case: UPRA Salers
CRM project in Hur Oy
Changing tomorrow in customer experience
Application of Customer Relationship Management in Chinese Retail Industry   : Case: Lianhua Supermarket
Customer satisfaction research : Taitopuoti Paperinauha
Creating customer commitment through customer loyalty program : case: Company X
Success with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0
Optimizing the new business process : case: Adjouri: Brand consultants GmbH Finland department
Evaluation of the KONE CRM tool and recommendations to facilitate and harmonize its usage and perception by the sales force
Customer database for Watrec Oy
Marketing planning : a global perspective
CHOOSING AND IMPLEMENTING CRM SYSTEM FOR A SERVICE COMPANY : Nordmaja OÜ
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Distribution channel management in Russia for consumer electronics
Lighthouse will be taken into use
Adding value to the customer through customer relationship mangement : case: Ruukki
Management of supplier initiated B2B relationship ending
Electronic Customer Relationship Management (eCRM) : Customers` perception of value from eCRM features of Ehmeth Websites
Electronic customer relationship management : Business needs analysis for concept development in a telecommunications company
Behavioral finance during financial crisis in a banking company
Designing service processes to unlock value
Agent as a supply chain coordinator
Business Concept Development : Case: P.Art: Party Artistic Solutions Oy
TCE Total Customer Experience : building Business through Customer-Centric Measurement and Analytics
Factors affecting customer buying behavior when purchasing a wedding dress
PROPOSAL FOR STRATEGIZING THE SALES ORGANIZATION : Improving the current sales performance of MHG Tracking service in Russia
Assessing the performance of customer relationship management (CRM) systems : empirical evidence from companies in Finland
CRM at the speed of light : social CRM strategies, tools, and techniques for engaging your customers
Creating relational customer orientation : analyzing change process within a professional high-tech organization
SSP Finland and Finnair Plus partnership development opportunities
Complaint Management and Cross Cultural Differences
Neste Oil Rally spectator in Lahti 2011 : profile, satisfaction and willingness to recommend the event
Integration of social networking sites (with focus on Facebook) into CRM
Organizing product support
Customer service satisfaction is something which has not been researched enough from an e-commerce perspective. Because increasing number of people are purchasing online, it is very important to ensure the customer service satisfaction in order to sustain and improve the sales and profitability. In the last five years, e-commerce in Finland has grown by twenty percent. The purpose of this thesis is to understand the customer service satisfaction in Finnish online stores and identify the areas of improvement. After the theoretical analysis of key topics, a qualitative survey was carried out to understand the current state of customer satisfaction and room for improvement. According to the survey, customers are generally satisfied with their online purchasing experience. However there are some issues regarding the customer service experience and dispute resolution that can be helpful for the e-commerce site owners in order to improve the overall customer service satisfaction.
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Customer relationships in the life science business
Handbook on the experience economy
Identifying and managing the target company ́s customers in cross-border acquisitions
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Harmonizing customer relationships
CUSTOMER OPINIONS ON BANK SERVICES IN CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK
Marketing communication mix : case study
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
Transformational sales : making a difference with strategic customers
Evaluation of the effectiveness of customer relationship management
Mobile CRM in industrial firms : salespeople's intention to adopt mobile solutions
Tourism supply chain management
Customer interface and need for customer information in segment organisation
Comparative Study of CRM Between Sampo Bank Varkaus and Bank of China Lujiang Branch
INCREASING THE QUALITY OF SERVICE : Case Service Desk
Smarter selling : how to grow sales by building trusted relationships
Key Customer Relationship Management and Service Delivery Plan : case: Service Methodology Plan
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Discover SAP® CRM
Key account management : strategies to leverage information, technology, and relationships to deliver value to large customers
Implementation of a customer relationship management system
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
PLM-ERP integration
Digital business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Wasa Logistics Ltd
Selecting a Deployment Automation Tool for CRM Software in Elisa Oy
The Customer Relationship Stake
Abstract: This research paper explores the advances in the area of Social Customer Relationship Management (SCRM) and selectively applies the best practices to the case company, an IT services company based in Finland. An IT services company, being B2B by nature, has its unique needs and constraints as far as CRM is concerned and distinctly different require-ments when Social aspects are involved. The paper attempts to propose a workable oper-ating model to the case company, which already has a CRM system and associated pro-cesses and who have implemented Social Media in their CRM processes only marginally.    Case study research method has been followed in this research. In this study, the best practices for implementing social CRM are analyzed, which is then narrowed down to suit the needs of a B2B company operating in the technology domain. A recommendation pro-posal for Social CRM is presented to the case company, which is refined after getting the feedback from one of the senior executives of the company who is primarily in charge of marketing and sales for high-value B2B customers.    The outcome of this research is an improvement proposal for existing CRM process and system in the case company by adopting Social CRM. The proposal includes guidelines for a Social CRM strategy as well as tools and steps for executing that strategy. The guidelines range from very fundamental changes in attitude within the company in dealing with cus-tomers to detailed action plan in implementing the proposed Social CRM program. Though the research has been carried out with the case company in mind, the findings in this re-search are applicable to any B2B company in the same or similar industry.
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Customer relationship management - from potential customers to loyal customers : case: Rosso Jyväskeskus
Successful key account management in a week
Development and Improvement of Customer Relations in the Luxury Cottages Portal Business
Customer relationship management : case study of the RMan web application
Optimizing X Center experience : case study: Company X
Bank loyalty of business customers in the Baltic states
Developing the after sales for global customers in case company
Customers' willingness to share personal information with firms and its relationship with customer loyalty
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Improving key customer relationships : in the case of company X
Customer Relationship Management  : Evaluating customer Relationship Management:case Lennol Oy
Bita'13 : Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Development plan of knowledge management in international mobility process : Case: Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences International office
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY WITH PERSPECTIVE OF DEVELOPING A COMPANY : CASE COMPANY: OLIVE BAY INTERNATIONAL KY-FINLAND
Improving customer feedback process : case Finavia, Helsinki-Vantaa airport
The relationship-based enterprise : powering business success through customer relationship management
Abstract: This Thesis investigates the appliance of Customer Experience Management (CEM) con-ceptual framework in telecom operator business. The case company of the Thesis is one of the major telecom operators in Finland providing mobile communication, fixed broadband and TV consumer services. The company has placed an increased focus on their delivered customer experience and proved to be an opportune ground for a CEM focused study.  By reflecting on the elements of the CEM conceptual framework, this study examines the case company's current state and service practices. The study is scoped to the customer service functions of the company.  This study is an in-depth single case study, which utilizes methods of qualitative research. The interviews serve as the primary source of data. Five managers from the case company were interviewed, two from middle – and three from lower level management. Prior to the research, a literary review enabled the designing of the research structure and discovering the necessary elements to seek answers to in the interviews. The literary review consisted of the topics of Customer Experience Management, customer relationship management, telecom market reports by Finnish Telecom Regulatory Authority (FICORA), telecom indus-try reports from EPSI Rating Finland (Extended Performance Satisfaction Index), and Er-icsson ConsumerLab.  The study proposes a set of recommendations and managerial implications that can help the case company to identify the elements of their customer service that need improve-ment from the point of view of CEM conceptual framework. These recommendations in-clude establishment of a CEM taskforce, an improved focus on promoter customers, an appointment of a Customer Experience Officer and an improved articulation of the desired customer experience.
Digital customer relationship management in music industry : Sony Music - an internet company?
The purpose of this study was to develop case company's after sales which includes  spare part and technical service.  Spare parts and technical service have been available to customers for several years  and sales revenue has increased during the years. However, marketing for after sales  has been quite passive. Based on that the following research questions were formed:  Do the current customers know the range of spare parts case company has to offer?  Are they aware of what kind of technical service they can get from the case company?  The objective for this study was to find and acquire new tools for promoting and introducing  the after sales to both new and old customers. Development in spare part  and technical service sales was studied and analyzed as well. Sales data was gathered  from year 2010 to 2014.  Conceptual framework for this study was Customer relationship management (CRM)  which includes a customer-based way of thinking and possible computerized systems.  Customer segmentation was another procedure used in creating new marketing tools.  Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in this study. Quantitative  data was gathered from case company's database and qualitative was received  from colleagues and survey implemented in spring 2015.
CRM approach penetration in a service organization
Market segmentation and value of customer relationships : case study: company X
Development of B2B customer satisfaction in package tour : case company: Meridian Holiday
Customer centric approach as a strategic tool in the telecommunication industry : Case Vodafone Ghana
A customer relationship management approach for optical retail business.
Customer database analysis for developing management : case study: Company X
Customer Relationship Management in a Tourism Company
Feasibility of Cloud Services for Customer Relationship Management in Small Business : A Drupal Approach towards Software as a Service
Graphic designer-client relationships - case study
Working with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0
Developing Generally Applicable Guidelines for Efficient Marketing of ATEX Product Group
Social customer relationship management : proposal for SCRM for an IT services company
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
CRM system implementation for managing customer relationships in business-to-business markets
Developing estage as a crm tool : case: Mergertum Ltd
mySAP CRM : the official guidebook to SAP CRM 4.0
A case study of customer relations develop-ment between airport Taxi/Yellow Line and the metropolitan area hotels
Mobile application as a potential key customer base
Customer acquisition and purchasing process : A case study at TTT Technology Corp.
The research studies mobile applications as a key customer base and it is done for a Finnish sport retailer, Top-Sport Oy. The study examines if a mobile application could be used as a key customer base. The use of smartphones is in rapid growth and companies are increasingly interested in the use of social media and mobile applications. The commissioner does not have an existing key customer base. Technical issues are not discussed in this study. The study intends to show if a mobile application as a key customer base would be a viable solution. Customer needs and expectations are studied in the customer satisfaction survey. Also qualities of existing mobile applications and key customer mobile applications are benchmarked in the study. The study aims to reflect the current situation and future trends. Knowledge base of the thesis consists of mobile applications, growing mobile markets and the related theories. The applied research method is quantitative. Quantitative method has been utilized in the customer satisfaction survey. The survey was given to students of Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management through the intranet 11.12. - 17.12.2013. Total number of responses was 238. The customer satisfaction survey shows interest in a mobile application if an application is easy to download, the content is inviting and has the possibility of personification. The study clarifies new ways to create attractive and innovative content for a mobile application. The study indicates the need for further research, more covering interviews, technical product development and follow up of customer satisfaction after the product has been developed and taken into use.
The purpose of the thesis was to make a customer satisfaction survey for the case company in order to figure out the customer satisfaction level in the company. The objective of the thesis study was to find out if there has happened any change in the customer satisfaction after the previous survey (carried out in 2006). Also the objective of the thesis study was to figure out if the change of ownership (happened in 2013) has influenced to the customer satisfaction. The main objective for the author was to learn more about customer relation management, customer satisfaction and the process of making the customer satisfaction survey.  The idea of making the customer satisfaction survey came from the case company Forchem Oy since they haven't issued any satisfaction surveys for a while. The customer satisfaction survey was carried out as an email survey. The author sent the customers email with a cover letter and in the end of the email the customer could open the survey by clicking the link for the questionnaire. The questionnaire had 5 questions and it was sent to the customers in the middle of February. Customers had 13 days' time to answer and four days before the deadline was sent a reminder. The questions of the questionnaire were partly based on the previous questionnaire. Due to the fact that the previous survey was carried out nine years ago all answers were not comparable.  The thesis study includes the theory part where the author has introduced background for the customer satisfaction survey. Factors like customer relationship management, customer satisfaction and customer satisfaction measurement were explained in the theory part. After the theory part the author has explained the process of making the questionnaire. The research findings are in the chapter 8. Based on the answers of questionnaire, the author made figures to explain the results. In the end of the thesis study are recommendations for the case company as well as the most important findings of the level of customer satisfaction. The very important recommendation for the case company is that the case company should carry out the customer satisfaction survey in frequent time periods. This would help the company to get closer to the customer needs and wishes and also be able to hear more ideas what to develop for example.
Focus on the Customer : Customer relationship management at BEST WESTERN Hotel Kokkola
Handbook of CRM : achieving excellence in customer management
Romancing the brand : how brands create strong, intimate relationships with customers
Intranet customer relationship management solution
Customer relationship management in the United Kingdom e-commerce
How to build customer relationship through Internet?
A strategic framework for the optimization of customer relationship management in SMEs
Introduction to CRM Systems in Chinese SMEs
Insights into Social CRM adoption in Finnish companies
Digital customer relationship management in music industry : Sony Music – an internet company?
Managing customer relationships in industrial context: customer analysis and strategic customer plan : Case Andritz Pulp and Paper Business Area
The importance database in customer lifecycle management : case: Upra Salers
EDC Park needs assessment tool
Customer experience management in telecom operator business : a customer service perspective
Experiences : the 7th era of marketing
Customer satisfaction survey for the case company
Leveraging customer relationships
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
The customer management scorecard : managing CRM for profit
The A B C ́s of site selction : how to pick winners and avoid losers
Improving customer loyalty through a regular cus-tomer program : Case Onninen Oy
PLM-ERP INTEGRATION
Internet facilitated customer relationship management
To strengthen the cooperation partnership between the supplier and the customer  : with Martela ́s eOrder system
Understanding and managing customers
The objective of this thesis was to find out the important aspects of Chinese business life. The study concentrated on Finnish small and medium - sized companies' point of view. While China's economy is growing with an excellent speed also Finnish companies want to get their stake from the business opportunities. The aim of this work was to present the information needed for a company about starting to do business in China. The theoretical structure consists of the Customer Relationship Management and Key Account Management theories connected with the cultural aspects of China. Moreover the theories of Chen and Gesteland give background for the empirical part of the study, namely relationships-, uncertainties- and business etiquette in China. The research method was qualitative as it gave the possibility to answer the question “What are the main issues when doing business in China and how to approach these issues?” Five interviews in total were made to reveal the experience and obstacles faced by Finnish small and medium sized companies. For getting a broader view also two Chinese business leaders who deal with Finns were interviewed during a study trip to China. The findings show that even experienced Finnish businessmen do not fully understand the peculiarity of Chinese business culture. The respondents were all from different industries thus exposing broader aspects of the business knowledge in connection with the topic. There was a lack of understanding of some features of business, like strange negotiations, Guanxi and the challenge with the local workforce. Who is company hiring for an agent or CEO in China is one of the most important decisions. Namely having right connections is vital no matter in which field of business one is. In addition the challenges of red tape, presence of Guanxi relationships and changes in government regulations are causing a lot of anxiety for Finnish companies.
Marketing suggestions for YING KE SONG
Marketing and Customer Relationship Management for ONYOU Home Textiles Franchise Store in Hefei, China
How to take advange of the CRM system to implement the company strategy : case organization : J. A. Tenhunen Oy
Customer satisfaction in electronics field
Some aspects to Chinese business relations
Enterprise application software
Creating a client development plan for advertising agency in Finland : case: N2
Introducing Customer Relationship Management solution to Piceasoft Ltd
Customer service satisfaction survey of e-commerce sites in Finland
One customer, divisible : linking customer insight to loyalty and advocacy behavior
Effective CRM using predictive analytics
Customer Relationship Management- research : Case: Learnpoint Oy
Webstore marketing in Russia
Towards Retention And Moving Beyond Acquisition.  : Refining Consumer Customer Retention at Vaarani Works Oy
Customer relationship management implementation at Kalmar
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
Different customers create different amount of value to the company and therefore, they should not be treated equally. The commissioner of the thesis was Company X. The thesis consists of two parts: A case study backed up with a limited theory background. In the theory section the thesis shortly discusses matter behind growth, customer relationship marketing and its benefits, customer relationship management and customer value. It also describes the first steps of the Key Account Management process and how that further can be used in order to manage the important customers. Two different researches were executed as a part of this thesis: a statistical analysis based on the customer and sale project database and interviews on the selected customers. The objective of the statistical analysis was to do a research based on the customer information available in the company's CRM system between years 2006 and 2011. The interviews aimed at getting information to complete the findings of the statistical analysis. The majority of the participants who answered to the questionnaire believed that the long term supplier relationships are the way to go. Also, the participants gave weight to a pointed-out contact person. Furthermore, and objective was to find out the relative importance between new and existing customers and how the key customer relationships have performed over the years, when trying to acquire a balance between gathering new customers and investing in to existing ones. Also, a sales figure based customer categorization was created in order to help the analysis. The statistical analysis pointed out noticeable differences between the importance of different customers and sale projects. It turned out that a large proportion of the projects and customers were small in terms of value for the company and that the majority of turnover came from a small amount of selected key- and regular customers. The goal of an analysis of this kind is to act as a basis for upcoming development projects and for the company management and employers in order to understand the types of customers and their relative importance. The appendices have been left out from the public version of this work.
Developing demand chain management : case study on the fast growing cellular networks industry
An investigation into factors for successful customer relationship management implementation : change, information technology and the human being
Business customer satisfaction  : Case: Kultasuklaa
Customer relationship management in energy business
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
On transnational politically motivated consumer boycotts : their emergence, evolution, and ending
