http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8531 customership
customership
The automatic customer : creating a subscription business in any industry
Business network transformation : strategies to reconfigure your business relationships for competitive advantage
Focus on the customer : customer relationship management at Best Western Hotel Kokkola
Services marketing
Salesforce.com® secrets of success : best practices for growth and profitability
Improving customer case resolution time in Telecom vendor technical support centres: customer  service perspective
Making Customers Matter
Rivalry among diverse competitors is escalating within the 21st century markets and more than ever, organizations need sufficient and effective ways to differentiate themselves from other entrants. The purpose of this thesis is to make preparations for a sample-marketing plan for small and medium size enterprises and construct it in a form of case study. This research shows how strategic marketing planning is crucial in all profitable business practices and how small enterprise can create a profitable marketing plan. I introduce small company, Terraviiva, as a case company and use it to illustrate the proper ways of conducting a marketing plan. The goal is to create a program that meets the marketing needs of Terraviiva and genuinely profit the company. I look forward to building a foundation for Terraviiva's marketing planning activities and establish a custom for assessing the market plan annually. The case study is based on qualitative research method and the frame of refrences consist of literature reviews, sientific articles, web pages, interview's with case company, along with the original company business plan. The research layout is unorthodox due to the empirical part intermingling with the text throughout the research. This is done intentionally to keep the theoretical part and exploratory of the case company knitted tightly together.
The role of customer insight in enhancing customer-orientation
Attracting and retaining customers : case Lapin Lahjatalo
"How smart companies can use subscriptions to win customers, increase cash flow, and ignite growth What do Zipcar, Netflix, and WhatsApp have in common? They are pioneers of the new subscription economy in which people pay automatically for much more than publications. John Warrillow, the acclaimed author of Built to Sell, offers a blueprint for winning subscribers for any kind of business. He explains, for instance, - The nine different subscription models and how to apply each in your business. - How Dollar Shave Club turned shaving into a subscription. - The secret psychology of selling a subscription. - The eight reasons why customers stop subscribing. Whether business owners want to transform their entire model into a recurring revenue engine or just pick up an extra 5 percent of automatic sales, they will find great insights and examples in Warrillow's book"--
Customer relationship management: The evolving role of customer data
Extending customer relationship management. From empowering firms to empowering customers
Focus on the Customer : Customer relationship management at BEST WESTERN Hotel Kokkola
Winning back lost customers : a case of MTV3
The dissolution process of a business relationship : a case study from tailored software business
Strategy from the outside in : profiting from customer value
Direct and interactive marketing
Critical business episodes : the criticality of damage adjustment processes in insurance relationships
An investigation into factors for successful customer relationship management implementation : change, information technology and the human being
Customer Information Management in Lindström's Subsidiaries in Estonia, Hungary and Slovakia
Improving customer based service management : case: Kotojärvi golf club restaurant
How can a high-tech SME develop its market offering to increase customer lifetime value
Key account management : strategies to leverage information, technology, and relationships to deliver value to large customers
Creating customer delight : the how and why of CRM
Microsoft dynamics CRM 4.0 unleashed
Internal customer relationships in global business : case : Spare Parts Sales at the Jyväskylä Technology Service Center of Metso Paper
Customer orientation and market action
Know your customer and anti-money laundering aspects in the Trade Finance Finland department of Bank X
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
Guerrilla multilevel marketing : 100 tactics for growing your network and advancing to the top of your pay plan
The effect of relationship marketing on customer profitability : case study: The OP Bank Group
Be different or be dead : your business survival guide
Customer relationship dissolution : what do we know and what do we need to know?
Customer relationship management : how to turn a good business into a great one!
Abstract:.
Enhancing international long-term customer relationships : case Luvata Pori Electrical Power
Customer knowledge processing in maintenance business : case study
Evaluation of relationship quality in business relationships
The one to one manager : real-world lessons in customer relationship management
Guerrilla marketing for free : 100 no-cost tactics to promote your business and energize your profits
Investor customers meetings in Sampo Bank : case study: Finnish bank service company, Sampo Pankki Oyj, Helsinki
Core customer satisfaction survey : case Mac Steel Co
Customer satisfaction : "reseacrch & management"
Value-Creation and Profitability in Customer Relationships
Flip the funnel : how to use existing customers to gain new ones
Design for six sigma for service
Changing tomorrow in customer experience
The quality of service delivery and customer satisfaction: the practice and case of banking industry
Relationship lending and competition : higher switching cost does not necessarily imply greater relationship benefits
Customer Loyalty in E-Retailing: concepts, measurements, antecedents
Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4 for dummies
Value Co-Creation in Seller-Reseller Relationships
Poverty and quality of life among single parents : experiences of social assistance clients
New customer acquisition plan for a case company
The possibilities of developmental rehabilitation : a study on the construction of work relatedness and the customer in Aslak rehabilitation.
Marketing in manageable bites for busy managers and overworked students
Organisational schizophrenia : impact on customer service quality
Improving the service quality of sales support
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
Investigation of the factors influencing the level of customer satisfaction of the Club Tax-‎free members at KappAhl Lappeenranta
Relationship management for the future
Customer portfolio management : the construct and performance
What's there in it for me? : identifying customer benefits and utilizing the knowledge of customer benefits in marketing and selling
Guerrilla marketing for mortage brokers : how to steal customers from your competition
Ten key customer insights : unlocking the mind of the market
Assessment of customer relationships and suggestions for improvement: Case: Marine&Hydraulics Finland Ltd
Preparations of constructing a marketing plan for small enterprise : case study Terraviiva
Harvard business review on customer relationship management
Customer-oriented marketing strategy : theory and practice
Marketing plan for Globesoft Solutions
Niche Marketing as a tool to attract customers : a case of ASB Meeting Solutions
They hear through their eyes : referring and serving the deaf client in recovery
How to win customers and keep them for life : revised and updated for the digital age
How to wow : 68 effortless ways to make every customer experience amazing
Data mining cookbook : modeling data for marketing, risk and customer relationship management
An often recurring problem with most businesses is that they do not focus on their current and lost customer base with enough care. Since lost customers are already familiar with the company's product and style, they are valuable for any company to win back. Companies should have specific strategies and methods to keep their customer base as steady as possible, as well as to gain back customers that have left the company.This thesis was done for a national television channel MTV3's regional offices' use, and its purpose is to describe the case company's current situation in customer management and to provide recommendations to improve this situation, having special focus on winning back already lost customers. Theories in the thesis are mostly based on literature written of marketing and customer management, where as the empirical part is based on an online survey made by the author, interviews of key personnel, company analysis, and to the case company's current practices. The thesis begins with theoretical chapters and ends with empirical ones. Theory discusses managing lost customers and related topics, such as importance of customer loyalty. In the end recommendations and development ideas for customer management are given for the case company MTV3. The survey results and recommendations were presented to the company's sales teams and local management. Based on the comments the author received this thesis should prove to be useful for any company trying to improve its current, and especially its lost customer management practices.
The cult of the customer : Create an amazing customer experience that turns satisfied customers into customer evangelists / (kauttaviiva)
Lessons in service from Charlie Trotter
This thesis examines the Know Your Customer (KYC) – and Anti Money Laundering (AML) – aspects in the risk management policy used at the Trade Finance Finland (TFF) department at a large Nordic bank. The aim was to research on how the KYC and AML are affecting to TFF's actions, why is it important for both the bank and the customers to operate within the codes of conduct of the KYC and the AML, how the customers are seeing and experiencing the bank's KYC and AML regimes compared to the competitors and what kind of possibilities do the two offer on improving customer relations. The KYC and AML regimes affect clearly the TFF's daily work. They have helped to avoid all kinds of reputational risks and to maintain a trustworthy image in the market. The stricter requirements have brought the bank and the customers closer to one an-other: more information is being shared which can help on developing the product offerings and services. Improving the information flow between the customers and the bank is crucial: the bank should hand out more accurate information on its business policies to enhance the mutual understanding and customer satisfaction. There is a need for improvement both internally and externally: the personnel wished for clearer guidelines and better tools to perform the KYC and AML and the customers needed punctuality and speed in the handling times, the KYC and AML regimes have been too time consuming and caused delays in the customers' businesses.
Lead warranty manager considerations before and during implementation of a new position in a company
Sources affecting electricity supplier switching from a relationship viewpoint
Research for designing CRM system for Turku University of Applied Sciences
The Customer Portfolio : Managing Communication
Customer relationship management
Let's get real or let's not play : transforming the buyer / seller relationship
Customer needing : conceptualising industrial service from a customer perspective
Keeping the lifts running : a customer satisfaction study of continuous service relationships
Development and Improvement of Customer Relations in the Luxury Cottages Portal Business
Challenges in integration of CRM concepts, processes, and systems in the financial sector
Handbook of CRM : achieving excellence in customer management
Creating customer commitment through customer loyalty program : case: Company X
Customer value investment : formula for sustained business success
Analytics and dynamic customer strategy : big profits from big data
The power of appreciative inquiry : a practical guide to positive change
Improving key customer relationships : in the case of company X
The Art of selling value: how to win the sale (and keep customers happy) when you can ́t compete on price
Lean IT partnering : how partners create value by developing a lean culture for it supply and management
Build your customer strategy : a guide to creating profitable relationships
Selling for the long run : build lasting customer relationships for breakthrough results
Key account management in a case company
After the change from the Hilton Honors guest programme to the new Scandic Guest Pro-gramme small problems and misunderstandings natural to changes arose. After several months of the hotel working with the new programme these problems were still found and a need to solve them was found. This thesis aims to find the main problems that affect the proper implementation of this program, such as the incorrect use of the food and beverage vouchers and the lack of communication between the two parties involved, and to find easy and achievable solutions to it.     The issue was approached both from the employee and the customer side. Theories of human resources such as change management were looked into to fully understand how employees understand and deal with changes in their work environment and routines. Loyalty theories as well as customer relationship management and relationship management theories were looked into to comprehend what the Scandic Guest Programme is aiming for, how is it creating loyalty and how to improve the service provided to the members of this programme.     The Scandic Guest Programme was well defined and explained. Later on it was compared to the previous programme to give an insight of both and of the slight changes that happened when the two companies were separated as these small changes are the source of some of the most recurrent problems that are found in the day to day running of it.     After studying the main problems by day to day observation at the hotel reception and the information gathered by the Scandic Survey the most important ones were pinpointed and solutions were planned.     Three main products were developed in order to clarify and enhance the use of the Scandic Guest Programme. For the employees a handout was created, giving both the old and the new employees all the basic needed information to carry out the programme uniformly. A leaflet was created for the customers telling them in an easy and straight forward way how and where to use the food and beverage vouchers, preventing the constant problems of not being able to use them in certain products. To market the Scandic Guest Programme a small table stand was created to place in all the restaurant tables, letting the customers know that they can use the vouchers to pay for their food items and where to get them if they do not have them yet.     The thesis ends with an analysis of the proposed products and their link to the theories stud-ied as well as with a set of managerial implications and further development ideas.
Customer relationship management in a global multi-offering enterprise
Scandic Guest Programme implementation and development ideas towards a better customer service at the Scandic Marski Hotel
Exploring the value creation in service ecosystem context : the case of the information technology sector
Successfully implementing Microsoft DynamicsTM : by using the Regatta® approach for Microsoft DynamicsTM
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
The ownership quotient : putting the service profit chain to work for unbeatable competitive advantage
Private lives and public surveillance : social control in the computer age
Performance driven CRM : how to make your customer relationship management vision a reality
Relationship marketing : exploring relational strategies in marketing
Maintaining customer relationships for equipment selling companies
How child welfare costs accumulate?
Customerś dialogic experiences in the relationship context
Customer loyalty : how to earn it, how to keep it
Customer strategy for Lexia Ltd
Improving operational dynamics of a matrix organization
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
User Satisfaction Survey in Business Information Centre
Insights to customers’ expectations on social responsibility in the forest products industry : case Metsä Group
Key account management : the fast track to world best practice
Customer relationship management in energy business
