http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8545 work climate
work climate
Handbook of workplace violence
Handbook of unethical work behavior : / implications for individual well-being
Work motivation, atmosphere and satisfaction among the personnel of Kuntoutuskoti Taukokangas
Human safety and risk management : a psychological perspective
Enabling leadership promotes a positive working climate
Threat assessment and risk analysis : an applied approach
Quality work environments for nurse and patient safety
"Last year 2,197 visitors came from around the world to visit Menlo Innovations, a small software company in Ann Arbor, Michigan. They made the trek not to learn about technology, but to witness a radically different approach to workplace culture- one intentionally designed to produce joy. CEO and Chief Storyteller Rich Sheridan removed the fear and ambiguity that typically make a workplace miserable. With joy as the explicit goal for Menlo's staff, as well as their clients and the people who use the products they create, Sheridan and his team changed everything about how the company was run. Now he offers an inside look at a shared belief system that influences physical space, embraces making mistakes, and eliminates meetings-all while fostering dignity and respect for the team. Joy, Inc. is for readers in any field who want tangible examples of a healthier, happier atmosphere at work-leading to the sustainable business results required for growth"--
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
Head & heart management
Change through cooperation : handbook of reteaming
Reason in human affairs
From myths to reality : challenges of HR management in ICT sector
The no asshole rule : building a civilised workplace and surviving one that isn't
A new-media company in transition : trust and communication double-binds in a small organization : an activity theoretical research
Psychosocial work characteristics and incidence of newly diagnosed depression : a prospective cohort study of three different models
"CEO and Chief Storyteller Rich Sheridan removed the fear and ambiguity that typically make a workplace miserable. With joy as the explicit goal for Menlo's staff, as well as their clients and the people who use the products they create, Sheridan and his team changed everything about how the company was run. Now he offers an inside look at a shared belief system that influences physical space, embraces making mistakes, and eliminates meetings--all while fostering dignity and respect for the team. Joy, Inc. is for readers in any field who want tangible examples of a healthier, happier atmosphere at work--leading to the sustainable business results required for growth"--
The best place to work : the art and science of creating an extraordinary workplace
Simply putting wellness programs in place does not guarantee employee participation. Putnam shows how to design wellness programs that are effective and stimulate voluntary compliance. She provides examples, resources, and action items for a variety of programs, and helps you identify what will work in your situation.
Improving employees' job performance : company: Lohjan Autoclean Oy
The twin star book : a solution-focused approach to improving the psychosocial environment of the work place
Joy, Inc. : how we built a workplace people love
The great office detox : minimize stress and maximize job satisfaction
Conflict resolution : concepts and practice
Nurses' occupational stress in primary health care : evaluated in connection to organizational social context
Linkages between employee and customer perceptions in business-to-business services : towards positively deviant performances
Nurses' collegiality in the operation units 1 and 2 in the Central Hospital of Central Finland
Social factors at work and the health of employees
Leading through conflict : how successful leaders transform differences into opportunities
Mindfulness at work for dummies
Resisting work : the corporatization of life and its discontents
Job Resources and Work Engagement: Optimism as Moderator Among Finnish Managers
When people are the problem
Handbook of unethical work behavior : implications for individual well-being
Understanding organizational culture
Group processes in the classroom
Intuition and analysis at work : the role of cognitive style in experiences of work contexts
Study guide to accompany : Supervision in the hospitality industry
Psychosocial work characteristics and incidence of newly diagnosed depression : a prospective cohort study of three theoretical models
Working climate survey 2005.
'... the walls fell down but the blokes just coded ...' : varieties of stability in software product development during organizational restructurings
Seen but not heard : the implemented strategies and situational factors executive women use to be heard by their male colleagues in the workplace
The drama-free office : a guide to healthy collaboration with your team, coworkers, and boss
Motivating factors and incentives in the branches of Bank X in Southern Finland
Work atmosphere research in Suomen Kiitoautot Oy
In the land of difficult people : 24 timeless tales reveal how to tame beasts at work
Main motivation theories in working environment analysis
Communication and learning in small groups
Organizational climate, perceived work-related symptoms and sickness absence : a population-based survey
"Bringing together contributors from a wide range of disciplines, countries and perspectives this book provides a thought-provoking overview of the human dimension of the workplace. It covers workplace problems as well as potential solutions. Essential reading for anyone committed to making the workplace a humane and effective place"--Provided by publisher.
Work motivation and satisfaction : case study, Top-Sport Oy
The power of thanks : how social recognition empowers employees and creates a best place to work
"'That's not my job.' If you don't want your employees to say that, why do you start your relationship by giving them a narrow task and competency focused description of their job? We need people to fulfil many different roles at work - yes the need todo their job, but they also need to contribute positive energy, collaborate, and take personal reasonability for innovation and personal development. How do they fit into a traditional job description? It is futile persevering with the job description borne out of the scientific management movement one hundred years ago. The world of work is vastly different to the assembly lines of the Ford Motor Company of the early twentieth-century. Building on the phenomenal success of The End of the Performance Review, Baker examines four essential 'Non-Job' roles that all employees must fulfil and shows how to create meaningful role descriptions that can help you recruit better people and enable them to deliver better results. "--
Understanding efficiency differences of schools : practitioners' views on students, staff relations, school management and the curriculum
Building a path towards Synchronicity at workplace : a maverick perspective
Meaning at work
Contribution of hostility to the association between team climate, work stress, and job satisfaction among healthcare professionals
Job satisfaction in company x
Managing relationships : making a life while making a living
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Humanizing the classroom : models of teaching in affective education
Are bad jobs inevitable? : trends, determinants and responses to job quality in the twenty-first century
Corporate religion : building a strong company through personality and corporate soul
Workplace wellness that works : 10 steps to infuse well-being and vitality into any organization
Team climate as a predictor of work engagement in knowledge-based organizations
Managing a Diverse Workforce provides a comprehensive set of learning activities that address issues related to workplace diversity. Participation in these exercises helps students gain a greater appreciation of the wide range of issues that arise when people classify themselves or are classified by others as members of different groups, on whatever basis. More than half of the 30 learning activities are new to this Third Edition. The learning activities have several noteworthy features: - They explore the impact of diversity on the basis of numerous personal characteristics, including gender, race, ethnicity, age, sexual orientation, physical and mental abilities, national culture, religion, socioeconomic status, education, appearance, weight, marital status, and parental status. - They address pre-organizational and organizational entry issues as well as issues that arise in the workplace. - They examine issues pertaining to individuals' work and personal lives and to society as a whole. - They consider what it is like to manage, be managed by, and work with diverse others as peers. - They offer powerful learning experiences that involve individuals, groups, and entire classes or training programs. - They offer different types of learning experiences, including diagnostic instruments, role plays, and simulations. - They draw upon many types of work settings, including both business and not-for-profit organizations.
The people business : psychological reflections on management
Harvard business review on culture and change
Award-winning psychologist Ron Friedman uses the latest research from the fields of motivation, creativity, behavioral economics, neuroscience, and management to reveal what really makes us successful at work. Combining powerful stories with cutting-edge findings, Friedman shows leaders at every level how they can use scientifically proven techniques to promote smarter thinking, greater innovation, and stronger performance.
Creating the productive workplace
Workplace bullying : a study on the work environment, well-being and health
Proceedings of the 11th EuroFM research symposium : 24-25 May 2012 in Copenhagen, Denmark
Research companion to emotion in organizations
"Businesses are built by growing relationships with customers. Culture is created by the stories those relationships tell. Two of the most important differentiators of a business are its talent and its culture. Talent energized by a compelling culture will drive organizational success and provide innovative growth opportunities for both the business and the individual. Based on her more than thirty years at Chick-fil-A, most of which have been spent as Vice President, Corporate Talent, Dee Ann Turner shares how Chick-fil-A has built a devoted talent and fan base that spans generations. It's My Pleasure tells powerful stories and provides practical applications on how to develop extraordinary talent able to build and/or stimulate a company's culture"--Jacket.
Inappropriate treatment : instructions for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment at work
Well-being creates productivity : the Druvan model
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 38, Management and leadership innovations
It's my pleasure : the impact of extraordinary talent and a compelling culture
How to deal with people problems and problem people : jerks at work
Counterproductive work behavior : investigations of actors and targets
Interpersonal skills in organizations
Creating healthy organizations : how vibrant workplaces inspire employees to achieve sustainable success
The hungry cowboy : service and community in a neighborhood restaurant
Influences of managerial changes on a working atmosphere
The end of the job description : shifting from a job-focus to a performance-focus
Trust Inc. : 52 Weeks of activities and inspirations for building workplace trust
The role of middle manager as motivator
Promoting workplace well-being : a critical approach
Inappropriate treatment at work : guidelines for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment in the workplace
Promoting workplace well-being
Innovation in organisations : the role of communication, expertise and occupational stress
Do organizational and job-related factors relate to organizational commitment? : a mixed method study of the associations
Work stress in the nursing profession : an evaluation of organizational causal attribution
Dealing with difficult people for rookies
The transformation of work
Ethical work climate in a virtual team : towards a framework of studying ethical decision-making in a virtual team
Mean girls at work : how to stay professional when things get personal
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Occupational Health for Europeans 3-5 November 1999, Helsinki, Finland
The effect of affect in organizational settings
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
School climate : measuring, improving and sustaining healthy learning environments
Managers' work and occupational well-being between the years of 1996 and 2006 : longitudinal evidence from the Finnma-10 study
Ethical leadership : creating and sustaining an ethical business culture
Job satisfaction of land-based empoyees improved
"The performance of the public services, from education and policing to health and recycling is a matter of concern in many countries. Issues of public service effeciency, cost, and effectiveness have moved to the forefront of political debate. This book applies the latest thinking from Management and Organization Studies to the performance of public organization in order to evaluate the merits of different mechanisms for driving improvement in the public sector." "Research in Management and Organization Studies on the private sector has identified a number of sources of improved performance, including innovation, organizational culture, leadership, and strategic planning. Many of these private sector characterseics have emerged with in public sector organizations in recent years. However, public managers face addisonal pressures, whether from regulations constrained resources, or political interference. This book takes each of these mechanisims in turn and assesses whether they lead to improvement in public services." "Written for students and researchers of Public Management, this book will also be interest to public managers and consulants."
Cooperation : creating solution-focused working environments : participant's handbook
Conflict resolution : mediation tools for everyday worklife
An employeeship model and its relation to psychological climate : a study of congruence in the behavior of leaders and followers
Public service improvement : theories and evidence
Team climate and job satisfaction : A longitudinal study of team vision, participative safety, task orientation and support for innovation as predictors of job satisfaction among hospital employees
Managing a diverse workforce : learning activities
Abstract (1 s.).
School rampage shootings and other youth disturbances : early preventative interventions
Learning from burnout : developing sustainable leaders and avoiding career derailment
"The most powerful word in your leadership vocabulary is. THANKS!..Building a fully engaged, energized workforce is the key to business success. The Power of Thanks reveals how leading companies like Intuit, JetBlue Airways, IHG, Symantec, ConAgra Foods, and The Hershey Company empower employees through social recognition, in which the practice of mutual appreciation and trust directs and rewards higher performance...Eric Mosley and Derek Irvine, executives at the world-renowned employee recognition firm Globoforce, explain why social recognition is so powerful and how you can apply it in your company. Case by case, they show how a carefully.planned and consistently executed Culture of Recognition business strategy inspires:. Greater employee engagement and loyalty. Stronger, more unified teams and departments. A creative, innovative company culture. Improved customer satisfaction. Increased profitability and organizational health..Mosley and Irvine provide practical advice and proven examples for devising a powerful, growth-generating strategy that modernizes employee recognition for today's social, global, multi-generational and 24x7 wired workforce...When employees participate in a culture that makes everyone a stakeholder in the organization's success, positive energy spreads like wildfire, and business results follow. Something so simple and powerful might work like magic, but it's really just common sense. It's smart management. It's long-term thinking...It's The Power of Thanks."--
Savvy : dealing with people, power and politics at work
