http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8544 working environment
working environment
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Vol. 7, High-hazard pollutants
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
A dialogue with glass
Cultural perspectives on higher education
The economics of gender and mental illness
The wild wild west of being creative : how to manage creativity in an innovation process
Occupational health and safety management systems : requirements = Ledningssystem för arbetsmiljö : krav
CLEANROOMS IN PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTION
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
Professional development of coaches in Croatian ice hockey association
The new era of home-based work : directions and policies
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Environmental management and development
Where we work : creative office spaces
Facility management risks and opportunities
Quality work environments for nurse and patient safety
Managing client care
Internal brand clarification for Seppälä Oy
Social media is bullshit
Manage an office : planning and creating a successful workplace
A strategy for occupational exposure assessment
"Switch the lights off  : Employee argumentation on acceptance or rejection of corporate environmentalism in a financial corporation
"Last year 2,197 visitors came from around the world to visit Menlo Innovations, a small software company in Ann Arbor, Michigan. They made the trek not to learn about technology, but to witness a radically different approach to workplace culture- one intentionally designed to produce joy. CEO and Chief Storyteller Rich Sheridan removed the fear and ambiguity that typically make a workplace miserable. With joy as the explicit goal for Menlo's staff, as well as their clients and the people who use the products they create, Sheridan and his team changed everything about how the company was run. Now he offers an inside look at a shared belief system that influences physical space, embraces making mistakes, and eliminates meetings-all while fostering dignity and respect for the team. Joy, Inc. is for readers in any field who want tangible examples of a healthier, happier atmosphere at work-leading to the sustainable business results required for growth"--
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
Clinical laboratory management : a guide for clinical laboratory scientists
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Managing human resources
Practical guide for translators
A journey into the heroic environment : a personal guide for creating great customer transactions using eight universal shared values
Work organisations : a critical introduction
The laws of the knowledge workplace : changing roles and the meaning of work in knowledge-intensive environments
Abstract.
Employee motivation and its effects on job performance
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Vol. 8, Work area hazards
Assessment of thermal climate in operator's cabs : seminar in Florence 18-19 November 1999
11th workshop on labour and labour management, Wageningen, Netherlands, May 2-6, 1988
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
Work-place : the social regulation of labor markets
Managing successful teams
Job demands, job resources, and consequences for managerial sustainability in the public sector : a contextual approach
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
International business : the new realities
The topic of this Bachelo''s Thesis is improving the initiation process at the Finnish Institute  in France. The objective of the research is to enhance the trainee's initiation process into the  organisation, with respect to the cultural differences. The objective was reached by compiling  a Trainee's Manual for the Finnish Institute forthcoming trainees.  The Finnish Institute in France is a cultural centre situated in Paris. The foremost task of the  Finnish Institute is to strengthen knowledge of the Finnish culture, science and economy in  France and to promote the countries cooperation in these areas. The Finnish Institute has six  permanent employees and four or five trainees, who change twice a year. It was difficult, not  impossible, to adapt and to learn the ways to work, because the written instructions and  orientation into the organisation were not available. The Trainee's Manual was made up to  facilitate the initiation period.  The theoretical framework in this research reviews the communication channels, initiation  into an organisation and cultural aspects in an organisation. The research was conducted with  procedural method of action research and the data analysis was based on the collected empiric  data and theoretical findings. The empiric data was collected through surveys, interviews and  observations. The surveys were conducted in two periods; firstly before the implementation of  the Trainee's Manual in autumn 2007 and secondly after the implementation of the Trainee's  Manual in spring 2008.  The analysis of the research results was conducted with quantitative and qualitative research  methods depending on the type of the question. As a result the composition of the Trainee's  Manual was justified and its contents were modified according to the analysis results.  Based on the research results it can be concluded that initiation plays an important role in an  organisation, which can be observed from the fact that the theoretical findings support the  research results. The trainees and permanent employees alike find the Trainee's Manual a  useful document. The future challenge for the organisation is the updating the Trainee's  Manual to maintain its benefits for the new trainees.
The purpose of this study was to compile a detail account of working environment for Russian social associations. This is important since the working environment in Russia is different when compared for example to Finland or the United States.For this qualitative research six interviews were conducted. Three interviews were conducted in Russia and three in Finland. Interviewees were association managers, country managers or researchers of this field. The basis for this research was an index developed by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). This index consists of seven points: Legal environment, Public image, Financial viability, Organization capacity, Advocacy, Service provision, Infrastructure.Russian social associations are under lot of pressure. In a complicated legal environment with weak financial situation and poor public image. Still, many Russian associations are able do very important work.
Cold working environments on dairy farms in Finland
Organizational behaviour
Designing human systems for new technology : the ETHICS method
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
"CEO and Chief Storyteller Rich Sheridan removed the fear and ambiguity that typically make a workplace miserable. With joy as the explicit goal for Menlo's staff, as well as their clients and the people who use the products they create, Sheridan and his team changed everything about how the company was run. Now he offers an inside look at a shared belief system that influences physical space, embraces making mistakes, and eliminates meetings--all while fostering dignity and respect for the team. Joy, Inc. is for readers in any field who want tangible examples of a healthier, happier atmosphere at work--leading to the sustainable business results required for growth"--
The best place to work : the art and science of creating an extraordinary workplace
Creating a stress-free office
The co-workplace : teleworking in the neighbourhood
The spectre of participation : technology and work in a welfare state
A systematic literature review on social work considering environmental issues and sustainable development
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
Developing job satisfaction
Joy, Inc. : how we built a workplace people love
This book treats seriously one of the fundamental trends characterizing contemporary institutions--namely, the inability to establish a ground from which purpose and direction can be defined. It questions the core trope of "permanent change" and exposes its emptiness in a thorough and considered manner which enriches the way we question organizational orders. Bogdan Costea, Lancaster University, UK What does it mean to organize when the only established premise is that everything is transient? How is it possible for an organization to manage expectations based on the expectation of the unexpected? In this thought-provoking book Niels Åkerstrøm Andersen uses a unique combination of deconstruction, systems theory and discourse theory to critically discuss topics such as the management of feelings, partnerships as second order promises, and worklife-balance as an immune defense against over-socialized employees. He assesses the parallels between layoffs in intimate organizations and modern professional divorce discourses, and explores the dichotomy of double-bounded management commanding both do as I say and be autonomous. In so doing, Professor Andersen encourages the reader to look at relationships in the workplace in new ways. This unique book will prove invaluable for academics and students of human resource management, organizational behavior and critical management studies.
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Gender regimes, citizen participation and rural restructuring
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Work environment, alcohol consumption and ill health : the Whitehall II study
"The changing world of work" : conference hosted by the Austrian Presidency of the European Union and the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work, Bilbao, 19-21 October 1998 = "EL Cambiante Mundo del Trabajo" = "Le Monde changeant du Travail" = "Veränderungen in der Arbeitswelt"
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
First European survey on the work environment 1991-1992 : a summary
Schöne neue Arbeit : ein Reader zu Harun Farockis Film Ein neues Produkt = Brave new work : a reader on Harun Farocki's film A new product
Meat-Elmeri : a workplace safety and health observation method for the meat industry
Hospitality supervision and leadership : level 3
Lasting change : the shared values process that makes companies great
Employees' experiences of cognitive demands of the work environment and sources of job satisfaction
Harun Farocki accompanied a consulting firm with his camera for more than a year to make his new documentary film "Ein Neues Produkt" (A New Product). Between the lines of manager rhetoric, central questions on the structure of new working environments are broached in Farocki's film: which role does architecture play in terms of the organisation of working processes? How are societal changes reflected in the company structures? How do consultants try to anticipate economic trends and their effects on the working structures in companies? The film provides the occasion for a reader on the theme of contemporary working environments. One chapter of the book documents an important scene in the film with subtitles. This documentation of around 30 pages is embedded in an anthology of six essays and a detailed interview.
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Work! : Best of office design
Finnish relations with Russia 1991-2001 / Better than ever?
Designing for humans
Starting a Business from Home : all the ideas and advice you need to build a profitable venture
Individuals and environment : a psychosocial approach to workspace
NAM-NIVA Summer School 2007 : 27-31 August 2007, Elsinore, Denmark
Working on yachts & superyachts
Zero history
Co-operation between Finland and Lithuania in the development of clean technologies
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Research framework for the connection between environmental collaboration and firm performance
Is there method in the madness? : exploring short-distance relocation processes
Introduction to human factors and ergonomcs for engineers
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
New forms of work organization in Europe
Introduction to industrial/organizational psychology
The joy of work : Dilbert's guide to finding happiness at the expense of your co-workers
This study investigates leadership challenges in multicultural working environments in the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland. The main objective is to support the implementation of the Human resources strategy 2010-2015 by finding out key elements and development areas in leadership in multicultural working environment. Another objective is to provide research findings that can be utilized in leadership trainings. The main research question of the study is how to develop leadership to meet the needs of locally engaged staff. This contains the following sub-questions:     1) What is the role of culture in such leadership? 2) Which skills and qualities are most important in such leadership? 3) Are these skills and qualities culture-bound?.    Leadership, role of culture in leadership, cultural dimensions, and leadership skills and qualities in multicultural working environment are discussed in the literature review. The conceptual framework links the research question, literature and the context of this study together.      The target group of the study was locally engaged staff in the Finnish missions. The research method of this study was qualitative. The data collection method was in-depth interviewing. The interviews were conducted in connection to trainings organized for the locally engaged staff in Helsinki in June and September 2011. Altogether 20 interviews were conducted.     The findings of this study show that the role of culture in leadership is important. Leadership perceptions concerning power distance on the other hand, and individualism and collectivism on the other, vary on the basis of the cultural background of the respondent. Cultural similarities in leadership perceptions cover trust and respect, fairness and equality, empathy, communication, and consistency and firmness. Finnish leadership culture is seen as friendly and low in hierarchy, and the superiors are easy to approach. Communication, social activity, consistency and firmness are the elements that could be improved. A good superior is able to take the environment into account and develop appropriate leadership styles and practices for that particular cultural environment.
The ergonomics of workspaces and machines : a design manual
Enterprise knowledge infrastructures
Technological improvement and changes in the global economy are increasing the geographically distributed work in different work areas. Work is coming out of the cubicles to different locations without borders and is depending more on information technology to enable its coordination. Success of distributed work is revealed as working force becomes flexible, innovative, and highly productive. This thesis investigates the coordination of distributed work and how ICT has been developed to improve the efficiency of work from different locations. It also provides new perspectives on current researches and highlights the key issues that require further investigation. How collaboration has progressed from physical to virtual setting is explained by using available literature. It also provides suggestions for betterment of distributed work implementation. The goal is to develop deeper understanding of changing work environment, and role of information communication technology in distributed work. This thesis takes a multidisciplinary approach to study distributed work and organizations, challenges existing in distributed work, and ways to make distributed work more effective. Moreover, this thesis emphasizes on theories of overcoming challenges and finds solutions which are obstacles for its success. It also highlights the increasing demand of knowledge workers, and ways how to create knowledge, share knowledge and use the knowledge for the future. All in all, distributed work is explained as a work style exercising new ways of managing organizations by integrating capabilities, skills, knowledge, and competency of working force. It concludes by offering possible solutions for the problems that could be faced on implementing distributed work.
With a summary in Swedish.
Excellence by design : transforming workplace and work pratice
Nursing workforce issues
International symposium on environmental stress
Handbook Of Occupational Safety and Health
Managing intensity and play at work : transient relationships
Workspace strategies : environment as a tool for work
Economic incentives to improve the working environment : summary and conclusions of an international study
New work possibilities in the countryside and protection of environment and workers
In The Laws of the Knowledge Workplace, Dr Jemielniak has collected research-based chapters providing deep, interdisciplinary insight into knowledge professions, addressing issues of professional identity, emotion, power and authority, trust and indoctrination, and management behaviour. The accounts and studies in this book come from management.
The cynical Americans : living and working in an age of discontent and disillusion
Transforming workplace cultures : insights from Great Place to Work Institute's first 25 years
The attractiveness of the work is affected when production of handcrafted log houses moves indoors
Work atmosphere research in Suomen Kiitoautot Oy
Models and methods for analysis and improvement of physical work environments
Working conditions in the European meat processing industry
"Bringing together contributors from a wide range of disciplines, countries and perspectives this book provides a thought-provoking overview of the human dimension of the workplace. It covers workplace problems as well as potential solutions. Essential reading for anyone committed to making the workplace a humane and effective place"--Provided by publisher.
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Sisällysluettelo: 1 The background  5 2 Aspects of the relation  9 2.1 The Northern Dimension  9 2.2 Economic Relations  13 2.3 Policies on Near-By Areas  20 2.4 Environmental Co-operation  20 2.5 Security: selected aspects  213 Conlusions  23 Sources  24  .
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Teacher's workplace : the social organization of schools
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Work process, job and industry data on Danish employees occupied with health care
Performance measurement of workplace change : in two different cultural contexts
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
EAdoption and the knowledge economy : issues, applications, case studies
Designing for older adults : principles and creative human factors approaches
Fire management : global assessment 2006 : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global forest resources assessment 2005.
Latest developments in livestock housing : seminar of the 2nd technical section of the C.I.G.R. : University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, Illinois USA June 22-26, 1987.
The new accountability : environmental responsibility across borders
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Office ergonomics : ease and efficiency at work
A day in the life of a happy worker
Temporary employment and illness
A systemic-structural theory of activity : applications to human performance and work design
Bringing everything under one roof
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset. Osa 6, Työympästön suunnitteluohjeita = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Part 6, Guidance on the work environment : [English version]
Computers and the psychosocial work environment
An introduction to work and organizational psychology : a European perspective
Surveillance of the working environment and health : concepts and sources of information
Health hazards in the working environment : trade union programmes of action
A new personnel appraisal system for the maritime industry
A user's manual for Work environment impact scale (WEIS) : version 2.0
Offices
Green ideas
Introduction to re-designing product development working space
An investigation of the impact of operating room occupational hazards on intraoperative nurses
Strategies for success? : managing chemical risks in small workplaces : a review of Swedish practice
Global environment outlook, GEO 5 : environment for the future we want
Conceptual modeling : a case study of a creativity facilitating environment
Health effects of environmental tobacco smoke
Access to Finnish law
Facilities Management Research in the Nordic Countries - Past, Present and Future / edited by Per Anker Jensen and Susanne Balslev Nielsen
Multisensory environments in social care : participation and empowerment in sociocultural multisensory work
Disturb me - disturb me not : designing for flexible privacy in collaborative workspace
Start a business from home : a practical step-by-step guide for beginners
Pro-environmental behavior : in and off work : a case study with EDP employees (São Paulo, Brazil)
After 30 years with the demand-control-support model : how is it used today?
Arbeiderhistorie : Årbok for arbeiderbevegelsens arkiv og Bibliotek 1995
Award-winning psychologist Ron Friedman uses the latest research from the fields of motivation, creativity, behavioral economics, neuroscience, and management to reveal what really makes us successful at work. Combining powerful stories with cutting-edge findings, Friedman shows leaders at every level how they can use scientifically proven techniques to promote smarter thinking, greater innovation, and stronger performance.
Diversity Management - Challenges and Possibilities
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
Work places : the psychology of the physical environment in offices and factories
Workplace bullying : a study on the work environment, well-being and health
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Generational work environment preferences: Case Ovenia
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Working environment as a competition factor in the service industry?.
Work organization and ergonomics
Bicultural individulas as workface in Australian MNCs
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Quality of work life survey
Information flow in multicultural work environment : case Amarillo Restaurant in Turku
Human factors in organizational design and management : proceedings of first Symposium, held in Honolulu, Hawaii, 21-24 August, 1984
White-collar blues : management loyalties in an age of corporate restructuring
Development of gear grinding cell.
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Organization and environment : managing differentiation and integration
Examining the “Dark Side” – The Importance of the Back of House
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Working with men : professional women talk about power, sexuality, and ethics
The office interior design guide : an introduction for facility and design professionals
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
Serving more than one master : consequences of job demands and resources on intrinsic career success in multinational matrix organizations
Spatial dimensions of engagement : design guidelines for the creation of engaging work environments
Quality of life and working life in comparison
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Nordic conference on the work environment 2005 : Erikslund, Sweden, 28-31 August 2005
The effect of sex composition of the workplace on friendship, romance, and sex at work
Impact of work load and work exposures on disease incidence in the Nordic Countries : proceedings and papers from the worshop for Nordic researches in Copenhagen 14-15 March 1996
The impact of biotechnology on working conditions
Working environment in farm buildings : results of studies in livestock buildings and greenhouses
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Improving initiation into the organisation with trainee's manual : case study Finnish Institute in France
Governance of protected areas in the Arctic
School problems in human relations
Annual report 2010-2011
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Environmental policy in the European Union
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Principles of health and safety at work
Summary. - Yhteenveto. - Resumé.
Workplace security essentials : a guide for helping organizations create safe work environments
Promoting workplace well-being : a critical approach
Agricultural medicine : occupational and environmental health for the health professions
Instructions for plate maker-welders
Alienation and authenticity : some consequences for organized work
The changing work environment and role of ICT in distributed work
"Drawing on case studies, this book provides a fresh understanding of democratic accountability for transboundary and global harm and argues that environmental responsibility should be established in open public discussions about harm and risk"--Provided by publisher.
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
The shift : the future of work is already here
Leadership strategies for a multicultural work environment in hotels in Helsinki
In Detail : Work environments : spatial concepts, usage strategies, communication
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Abstract: Workplace analysis and ergonomic assessment at a paper machine.
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Strategy and place : managing corporate real estate and facilities for competitive advantage
Applying pyramid-instrument to hospitality industry : work environment as a predictor for customers' overall service quality perception
New environments for working : the re-design of offices and environmental systems for new ways of working
Leadership challenges in multicultural working environments in the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
The key activities of partnership development in China : a study of Sino-Finnish partnerships
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
A review and analysis of a selection of OSH monitoring systems : report to the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work
Museums : a place to work : planning museum careers
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Annual review of working conditions in the EU
An overview of the working environment of the Russian social association
Working conditions for forest machine operators and contractors in six European countries
Essays in search activity
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Virtual Teams Management: Overcoming the Obstacles to an Effective Team : Case Company: Blooming Twig LLC
The psychology of workplace technology
Review of psychological and social factors at work and suggestions for the general Nordic questionnaire (QPSNordic) : description of the conceptual and theoretical background of the topics selected for coverage by the Nordic questionnaire
Measurement of psychological and social factors at work : description of selected questionnaire methods employed in four Nordic countries
Plan for the development of an innovative workplace for the Sato Corporation
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
Mentoring for social inclusion : a critical approach to nurturing mentor relationships
Differences in working methods and working environment : case Study: Finland, Sweden and Russia
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
The eco-social approach in social work
Abstract: Occupational health nurses' assessments of their empowerment and the factors involved.
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Volume 9, Geotechnical applications, leak detection, treatment options
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Innovations in office design : the critical influence approach to effective work environments
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Workplace analysis and ergonomic assessment at a paper machine
Women and home-based work : the unspoken contract
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
