http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8541 spas
spas
Retail management for spas : the art and science of retail
Secrets of the spas : pamper and vitalize yourself at home
Pärnu health resort 160.
A light onto a tradition and culture : Turkish baths, a guide to the historic Turkish baths of Istanbul
The spa lover's guide to Europe
Pre-feasibility study on the investment in a new SPA & wellness facility : Case Study: based on a hotel-restaurant in Germany
SPA TREATMENT IN ROMANIA
Hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland 1996 : congressguide, bathing establishments
Water music : music making in the spas of Europe and North America
Abstract.
The rise of the Devon seaside resorts, 1750-1900
The lost world of the great spas
Book of Roman Bath
NATURAL CURATIVE FACTORS OF THE MAIN BALNEOCLIMATERIC RESORTS IN ROMANIA
Design of the Turkish bath
Health and wellness tourism : spas and hot springs
Spa style : Asia-Pacific : therapies, cuisines, spas
Arhitektura kurorta Picunda = Architecture of Pitsunda health-resort = L' architecture de la station balnéaire Pitsounda = Architektur des Kurortes Pizunda
Spa : the official guide to spa therapy at levels 2 & 3
Pre-feasibility study on the investment in a new SPA & wellness facility : case study: based on a hotel-restaurant in Germany
Jaya contemporary design with a pedigree : hotel, resorts, spas, residences
Spa style Asia : therapies, cuisines, spas
The complete spa book for massage therapists
The beach : the history of paradise on earth
Drinking the waters : creating an American leisure class at nineteenth-century mineral springs
Service improvements and marketing development based on Russian market demand : case Peurunka
Flow with it! : well-being at work : case Café & Bar Time Out in Rantasipi Laajavuori
Resorts : management and operation
SPA, sanitas per aquam : Tagungsband des Internationalen Frontinus-Symposiums zur Technik- und Kulturgeschichte der antiken Thermen, Aachen, 18.-22. März 2009 = Proceedings of the International Frontinus-Symposium on the Technical and Cultural History of Ancient Baths, Aachen, March 18-22, 2009
Bathing in public in the Roman world
Fortification, spa, and nuclear power station
Well-being of body and soul : fitness and pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
It's raining men
Operating shipboard spa requires flexibility and attention to details
Kylpy = Bath
Thermae Romae. I
Best practices in spas : energy efficient and environmentally responsible operation modes in Mid Nordic and European public swimming pools and spas
Thermae Romae. III
Service quality has become a great differentiator among service providers. In the hospitality industry, business survival and success are dependent on the delivery of superior service quality. There is an increasing development of spas today due to the growing interest in wellness products and wellbeing in general. This also leads to increased competition in the field.  This increased competition is reflected in the ways that customers now critically assess the quality of service competing firms can provide. Thus, the importance of managing service quality has never been greater.  The aim of this thesis is to understand the importance and interrelation of both tangible and intangible dimensions in service quality and, therefore understand how service quality is managed in spas. The objectives of this study were to create a framework based on the literature of services management and service quality, to gather information based on the framework and analyse it, and to provide conclusions and implications of results for spa managers.  This research was done qualitatively, using case study methodology. Four spas were selected for the research and both interviews and observations were used for collecting primary data. The outcomes from the interviews and observations were compared in order to get an overall picture of the management of service quality in spas from the management view and according to the actual performance of the spas. The results of this study showed only small differences in managing tangibles and intangibles service quality dimensions in the selected spas. However, the results from individual spas varied and the analysis itself should be examined carefully in order to gain more information. Nevertheless, the interrelationship between tangible and intangible elements of service has a great importance and all aspects of the service delivery should be taken into account when managing service quality.
Northanger Abbey
Understanding the global spa industry : spa management
Customer perception of service quality and customer service : case study: Vaasa Day Spa
The object of investigation has at the present a wellness facility which is however out-dated and does not longer support the general appearance. Therefore, a new investment has to be done which will be assessed with regard to its conceptual, economic and financial viability. In particular, the economic and financial viability of the new SPA & wellness facility by itself had to be assessed, as this is the main criteria for the principal. The extent of the pre-feasibility study is a limited version compared to a regular feasibility study where the content is abridged and obtained market information might be sufficient for rejecting the venture but insufficient for decision-making. The pre-feasibility study was carried out between July 2010 and January 2011. The value date for all calculation within the pre-feasibility study is January 2011.    In order to carry out the project, first an initial business contact was made where information on all operated departments at the present was given and the according information on the new SPA & wellness facility was provided.    In a second step, a competitor and market research has been carried out. The market research was carried out by the use of a geomarketing software. The competitor analysis has been carried out by an internet and literature research.    In a third step, all past procedures and equivalent findings have been used in order to carry out the economic and financial calculations for the new SPA & wellness facility including calculations such as the operating statement of profit and loss, taxes depreciable, debt service, taxes and loss-carry-forward, cash flow in equity after debt services and taxes, residual value / value of continuation at end of year 15, after-tax / before-tax equity internal rate of return, equity investment pay-back period in nominal value of money, total investment pay-back period in nominal value of money, present value and net present value of equity, influences on other departments' net income before and after fixed amount allocation, investment and year-start balance and investment decision comparisons.    In a last step, the conceptual, economic and financial viability has been assessed by using a grading from "1" (the worst) to "5" (the best) by evaluating the internal leitmotif of the new venture and the comparison with benchmark figures. If judging the outcomes of the pre-feasibility study by the main criteria of the principal, the venture should be rejected.
Next year in Marienbad : the lost worlds of Jewish spa culture
Music's great days in the spas & watering-places
Peter Zumthor : Therme Vals
The Umayyad baths
Cultural differences in spa tourism and the expectations of Finnish spa goers
CALIMANESTI-CACIULATA
Spa : a comprehensive introduction
Peat in balneology and therapy
Herculane : touristic model
Services management in spas
An introduction to revenue management for the hospitality industry : principles and practices for the real world
Hotel or ship
Customer Satisfaction: Rantasipi Ikaalinen Spa
A GUIDEBOOK TO THE WATERING PLACES AND HEALTH RESORTS IN ROMANIA
The nature and function of water, baths, bathing, and hygiene from antiquity through the Renaissance
Body & soul escapes : [where to retreat and replenish around the globe]
12 months of marketing for salon and salon and spa : from single chair to multi-station to chain. Ideas, events and promotions for salon and spa stylits, estheticians, therapists, managers, owners
Greek baths and bathing culture : new discoveries and approaches
Russkaâ Finlândiâ : romantičeskij vzglâd na prirodu i arhitekturu Peterburgskogo kurorta = Russian Finland : Petersburg resort in architecture, painting, graph
Taking the waters : spirit, art, sensuality
The Roman baths of Lycia : an architectural study = Likyádaki Roma hamamlari : mimarî araştirmalari
Le Terme di Caracalla = The Baths of Caracalla
Healing places
Case Peurunka : the essence of wellbeing - customer perspective
Improving profitability of the royal spa : development plan for the Royal Spa Department - Corinthia Grand Hotel Royal
Cathedrals of the flesh : my search for the perfect bath
Ryokan : Japan's finest spas and inns
Taschen's fovourite spas
The essential Roman baths
Spa business strategies : a plan for success
Spa & wellness hotels
Pools & spas : new designs for gracious living
Spa & health club design
Spa book : the official guide to spa therapy
The baths of Caracalla : a study in the design, construction, and economics of large-scale building projects in imperial Rome
Make over your marketing : 12 months of marketing for salon and spa
Spas in Hungary in ancient times and today
Spa management : the world ́s only spa management journal
Zu Gast im Herzen der Alpen : eine Bildgeschichte des Tourismus in Tirol = An invitation to the heart of the Alps : a pictorical history of tourism in the Tyrol = En vacances au coeur des Alpes : une histoire en images du tourisme au Tirol = Ospitalita nel cuore delle Alpi : un racconto per immagini del turismo nel Tirolo
The bath in Greece in classical antiquity : the Peloponnese
Mutatio Valentia : the late Roman baths at Valesio, Salento
Spas, Wells, and Pleasure Gardens of London
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 3
Roman Bath discovered
Spas in the spotlight as lifestyles change
Medical tourism facilitator's handbook
Ancient baths and bathing : a bibliography for the years 1988-2001
Financial management for spas
Mineral springs resorts in global perspective : spa histories
Furo : the Japanese trendy bath life
Feasibility of Mega Spa Hotel and its cash flow in the Routakallio area, Seinäjoki
My soul to take
Thermae Romae. II
The transformation of tourism spaces : ATLAS reflections 2006
Bath
Wellness tourism and the spa industry : building bridges : Global spa summit, Istanbul, May 2010 : delegates' pack
The Sarno Bath complex
Kylpijät = The bathers / Päivi Eronen
The essence of wellbeing tourism : case Peurunka
The world spa design : II
Cruise lines market their own brand of beauty
This large-format, two-volume work is a study of the architecture and cultural history of Roman Public Baths. With more than 200 ground-plans of baths from all parts of the Empire, the discussion begins with the development of baths in Italy, then considers the various types of baths in the provinces, whilst finally the institution of bathing and the social role of the baths is discussed. Arguably the most comprehensive treatment of the subject to date, it offers a formidable wealth of archaeological and epigraphical information on Roman baths and bathing across three continents... Thermae et Balnea is a serious, comprehensive, and authoritative sourcebook.
Healing waters : therapeutic landscapes in historic and contemporary Ireland
Water and society in early medieval Italy : AD 400-1000
Body and soul : create your own spa
Thermae et Balnea : the architecture and cultural history of Roman public baths
The Naantali Spa Hotel : Meetings, Conferences, Relaxation, Luxury..
Guerilla marketing for spas
Bali chic : hotels, restaurants, shops, spas
Spa business
Roman baths and bathing : proceedings of the First International Conference on Roman Baths held at Bath, England, 30 March-4 April 1992
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
Health and wellness tourism
The spa decameron
Hotels, resorts and restaurants : planning, designing and construction  / Jagmohan Negi and Gaurav Manoher
Nature's beauty secrets : recipes for beauty treatments from the world's best spas
