http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8558 school community
school community
The Routledge international handbook of social psychology of the classroom
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Staying safe at school
This volume brings together an impressive array of respected scholars to examine the varied and complex ways in which peers influence adolescents' beliefs and behaviors in the school context. The breadth of peer influence on academic and social adjustment is evident in the wide variety of topics covered in the present volume. Throughout the chapters, scholars provide unique insights regarding the complex ways that the academic and social spheres of adolescents' lives are interconnected. Collectively, the chapters in this volume expand current knowledge and theory in peer relations research by (a) exploring different types of peer relations (e.g., close friendships, peer groups) and different peer dynamics (e.g., popularity, bullying) that emerge in the school context, (b) examining different processes that explain why and how peers influence each other in school, (c) considering developmental issues during adolescence that may be critical to understanding peers and adjustment at school and (d) providing information about how teacher practices or programs influence peer relations and school adjustment. Peer Relationships and Adjustment in School is an important volume for researchers and practitioners interested in social development, peer relationships and youth engagement and achievement in school.
Peer relationships and adjustment at school
Promising practices to connect schools with the community
School dining in Finland : learning and well-being
Collective trust : why schools can't improve without it
Social cognition and behavior in relationship context
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 10
Sociometry in group relations : a manual for teachers
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 7
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 6
Collaborative leadership : developing effective partnerships in communities and schools
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
"Comprehensive Behavior Management: Schoolwide, Classroom, and Individualized Approaches supports teachers in preventing management problems and responding to unwanted behavior when it occurs in classrooms. The text offers a comprehensive presentation of three levels of behavior management strategies: school-wide, classroom, and individual, all three of which contribute to a positive learning environment. A social learning emphasis, in which human behavior is viewed within an ecological framework, is integrated throughout the text. Application of this information is supported by a range of devices such as vignettes, examples, strategies, and activities to show teachers how to manage behavior effectively"--
Bullying in secondary schools : what it looks like and how to manage it
Coaching and learning in schools : a practical guide
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 2
Sixteen-year-old Maya suspects there may be a relationship between her paw-print birthmark, her connection with wild animals, and strange events occurring in her tiny Vancouver Island community, where a medical research facility harbors big secrets.
Leading for results : transforming teaching, learning, and relationships in schools
Abstract.
Schooling the child : the making of students in classrooms
Conceptualizing and counteracting the bullying dynamic : classroom and school contexts matter
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
Making choices for multicultural education : five approaches to race, class, and gender
Peer mediation : a process for primary schools
"This compilation of original essays does more than just illuminate the serious problem of teen violence and victimization; it also provides resources that parents and teachers can use to address issues of violence with their teens and make a difference."--
How children and adolescents evaluate gender and racial exclusion
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 3
Creating a positive school culture : how principals and teachers can solve problems together
Changing behaviour in schools : promoting positive relationships and wellbeing
Invisible children in the society and its schools
School social work worldwide
A student dies, a school mourns : dealing with death and loss in the school community
School community voices : implementation of the autonomous school program in Nicaragua
Inclusive teaching : the journey towards effective schools for all learners
Developing a networked school community : a guide to realising the vision
Directory of higher education institutions in the European Community = Répertoire des établissements d'enseignement supérieur dans la Communauté Européenne. 1992.
"This book will provide an introduction to social justice from the perspective of the major topics that affect school psychology practice"--
Symbolic clothing in schools
Creating a sense of membership in basic education : the contributions of schoolwide events
How very effective primary schools work
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
The collegial tradition in the age of mass higher education
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Educating for the good life : democratic schooling and its dilemmas
Prom
The school and community relations
Bringing more to participation : participation in school activities of persons with disability within the framework of the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health for Children and Youth (ICF-CY)
Collaborative practitioners, collaborative schools
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
The design of learning spaces : future schools
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 5
Social problem solving in school context : students' conceptions of school bullying
Good intentions are not enough : transformative leadership for communities of difference
Shaping school culture : pitfalls, paradoxes, and promises
Learning together, leading together : changing schools through professional learning communities
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 4
Home, school, and community collaboration : culturally responsive family involvement
Creating schools that heal : real-life solutions
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 1
Prep school children : a class apart over two centuries
Mental health in education
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Actively seeking inclusion : pupils with special needs in mainstream schools
How can low-income, non-English-speaking parents become advocates, leaders, and role models in their children's schools? A Cord of Three Strands offers a close study of the Logan Square Neighborhood Association, a grassroots organization on the northwest side of Chicago, whose work with parents and schools has drawn national attention. The author identifies three elements - induction, integration, and investment - that together capture the dynamic and developmental nature of successful parent engagement.
The shaping school culture fieldbook
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 11
The emotional literacy handbook : promoting whole-school strategies
Leading professional learning communities : voices from research and practice
Gender and sexual diversity in schools
Extra-curricular activities in secondary schools
The realities of teachers' work : never a dull moment
The ethics of school administration
Taking action with teacher research
The Wiley Blackwell handbook of mindfulness. Volume 2
English teachers as constructed in the language learning autobiographies written by university students : a discursive study
Ethics in the classroom : bridging the gap between theory and practice
Trust matters : leadership for successful schools
The spirit of the school
Essential guide to teaching
The gathering
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Class : the secret diary of a teacher in turmoil
Helping adolescents in school
Cultural matters : lessons learned from field studies of several leading school reform strategies
Children's lives and schooling across societies
How schools counter bullying : policies and procedures in selected Australian schools
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Moral education : a teacher-centered approach
Problem-based learning for teachers, grades K-8
Class : first year at Downey House
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
Just schools : a whole school approach to restorative justice
A cord of three strands : a new approach to parent engagement in schools
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 8
Effecting organizational renewal in schools : a social systems perspective
Schools and families : creating essential connections for learning
New perspectives on bullying
The psychology of teen violence and victimization. Volume 1-2
Classroom behaviour : a practical guide to effective teaching, behaviour management and colleague support
Distributed leadership in Finnish and Shanghai schools
Between femininities : ambivalence, identity, and the education of girls
Social Cognition and Behavior in Relationship Context
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
School as a working environment : experiences and findings from the finnish schools
"The Handbook of Bullying in Schools: An International Perspective provides a comprehensive review and analysis of what is known about the worldwide bullying phenomena. It is the first volume to systematically review and integrate what is known about how cultural and regional issues affect bullying behavior and its prevention." "It draws on insights from scholars around the world to advance our understanding of theoretical and empirical foundations for understanding bullying; assessment and measurement of bullying; and research-based prevention and intervention methods." "Key features include the following: Comprehensive - 41 chapters bring together conceptual, methodological, and preventive findings from this loosely coupled field of study, thereby providing a long-needed centerpiece around which the field can continue to grow in an organized and interdisciplinary manner; Approximately 40% of the chapters deal with bullying assessment, prevention, and intervention efforts outside the USA; Chapter Structure - To provide continuity, chapter authors follow a common chapter structure: overview, conceptual foundations, specific issues or programs, and a review of current research and future research needs; Implications for Practice - A critical component of each chapter is a summary table outlining practical applications of the foregoing research; and Expertise - The editors and contributors include leading researchers, teachers, and authors in the bullying field, most of whom are deeply connected to organizations studying bullying around the world."--BOOK JACKET.
PeaceJam : how young people can make peace in their schools and communities
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Handbook of moral and character education
The truth about bullying : what educators and parents must know and do
In the wake of the tragedy of the shootings in Littleton at Columbine High School and other killings of children by children, there is increasing recognition of the urgent need for a deep systemic reassessment of what we are teaching our children. Based on the multidisciplinary research conducted by Riane Eisler over three decades, Tomorrow's Children presents a new integrated model for education: the partnership model.This model is an outgrowth of the cultural transformation theory developed by Dr. Eisler in her classic work The Chalice and the Blade. In that book, Eisler identifies a continuum of patterns for structuring relations. At one end of the continuum is the partnership model, which embodies equity, environmental sustainability, multiculturalism, and gender-fairness. At the opposite end of the continuum is the dominator model, which has marred much of our civilization. This model emphasizes control, authoritarianism, violence, gender discrimination, and environmental destruction. Eisler also shows that we today stand at a crossroads, where a shift to the partnership end of the continuum is essential for human welfare, and possibly survival. A new kind of education system is required to effectuate this shift.Tomorrow's Children applies the partnership model to education from kindergarten to twelfth grade and beyond, providing practical guidance for educators, parents, and students. Rather than one more add-on to existing methods and curricula, it provides a systemic approach that offers a more accurate and hopeful picture of what being human means. The curriculum loom and learning tapestry Eisler presents in Tomorrow's Children integrate three primary components of teaching and learning: what Eisler calls partnership process, partnership structure, and partnership content. The book melds Eisler's research and the work of many progressive educators into a cohesive and compelling blueprint for the kind of proactive education children need to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Schools as professional learning communities : collaborative activities and strategies for professional development
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Handbook of bullying in schools : an international perspective
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 9
Classroom management - management of crisis situation : school - fundamental institution of society
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
School social work : practice, policy, and research
Educating today's overindulged youth : combat narcissism by building foundations, not pedestals
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Executive summary (s. 6-10).
Rising above bullying : from despair to recovery
School shootings and student performance
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
The social world of pupil assessment : processes and contexts of primary schooling
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
The teacher's attention : why our kids must and can get smaller schools and classes
Principals matter : a guide to school, family, and community partnerships
Tomorrow's children : a blueprint for partnership education in the 21st century
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems
Creativity of the school : conclusions of a programme of enquiry
Comprehensive behavior management : individualized, classroom, and schoolwide approaches
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Because we can change the world : a practical guide to building cooperative, inclusive classroom communities
Can a school community learn to master its own future? : an activity-theoretical study of expansive learning among middle school teachers
Supporting teachers, supporting pupils : the emotions of teaching and learning
School psychology and social justice : conceptual foundations and tools for practice
APA educational psychology handbook. Volume 2, Individual differences and cultural and contextual factors
Diverse perspectives on inclusive school communities
Functional assessment : strategies to prevent and remediate challenging behavior in school settings
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Summary report on doctoral experience in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu
