http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8550 targeted communication
targeted communication
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2003 : proceedings of the International Conference in Helsinki, Finland 2003
Planning and implementing a targeted marketing campaign in a high-tech company
Interpretive centers : the history, design and development of nature and visitor centers
Observations on international tourism communications : Africa
Marketing and managing tourism destinations
Towards a democratic EU : online communication ia an organisational and civil context
An applied visual sociology : picturing harm reduction
Hands-on social marketing : a step-by-step guide to designing change for good
Marketing tourism destinations : a strategic planning approach
Culture and positioning as determinants strategy : personality and the business organization
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
eTourism case studies : management and marketing issues
Marketing trade fair stands : Case Study: Stylexpo Ltd
Tourism marketing and interpretation in world heritage sites : the case study of the fortress of Suomenlinna
Gender, design, and marketing : how gender drives our perception of design and marketing
Coordinating the five facets of integrated marketing communications
Place promotion : the use of publicity and marketing to sell towns and regions
Access : introduction to travel and tourism
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
Destination branding in a country context : a case study of Finland in British market
HELSINKIguide : a teaser brochure of Helsinki
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security : the role of social media
Promoting the European Union : attitudinal stance adjectives in three genres of EU communication to the public
Come to Finland : posters & travel tales 1851-1965
The attractiveness of rural tourism destinations in the Republic of Karelia and Eastern Finland
Paranormal media : audiences, spirits, and magic in popular culture
Marketing communications : a brand narrative approach
It is a well-known fact that tourism is the fastest growing industry in the world. More specifically, natural area tourism is nowadays one of the most rapidly growing segments of it. Within this segment in turn, the cultural and heritage component has experienced a tremendous growth in recent years. However, at the same time as the tourism sector is expanding, the economic, social, cultural and environmental impacts of tourism, either positive or negative, must no longer be left out of account.     When it comes to World Heritage Sites, also there the number of visitors is growing all the time. Concern is raised about exploitation of natural and cultural resources in World Heritage Sites and this fear must be balanced with the economic goals of tourism.     Many World Heritage Sites only recently have begun to pay attention to the implications of increasing pressure from visitor numbers. Often the level of site management falls short of that appropriate for such unique and important sites. In this manner, it is crucial to realize the value of visitor management through suitable marketing and interpretation techniques in order to protect the site's integrity. Initially the research considers the dimensions of tourism marketing and interpretation to the management activity of a World Heritage Site. Based on literature and on an exploratory study of a specific World Heritage Site, the Fortress of Suomenlinna in Finland, it argues that tourism marketing and interpretation are essential to the sustainable management of such a site.  In particular, the actual research problem was: How can tourism marketing and interpretation contribute to the sustainability of World Heritage Sites? In the process of data collection, qualitative methodology in form of structured on-site observation and investigation of promotional material was used. The research focused upon one single case, the World Heritage Site of Suomenlinna and was examined from the managerial viewpoint. The results of the research implied that there are various opportunities in the marketing of Suomenlinna, that have not been seen or not been implemented yet. Moreover, Suomenlinna lacks a systematic and effective interpretation system. Thus, there is an urgent need for improvements. The management definitely needs to be completely committed to enhance the unrestricted appreciation and to ascertain the long-term protection of the site.
Technical writing and professional communication for nonnative speakers of English
UNESCO World Heritage Sites : self-published visual content in social media
Tourism destination as any other product needs to be marketed and promoted in order to attract more customers. Tourist brochures and travel guides are one if the popular promoting and informative tools. They are saturated with pictures which aim to influence the readers' minds; however, the role of the text seems to be overviewed. Words also have persuading power and they also may have impact on the purchase decision buy transmitting not only factual information, but also by evoking emotions which will obscure the mind.    “How to design a text so that it could irradiate desirable emotions?” - it is the principal question of the present research. This problem is resolved by developing a structure of key vocabulary which carries an emotional charge and should implicitly touch the necessary strings of the reader's subconscious.     The framework is applied to the case of Finland which is promoted as a tourism destination via a tourist brochure in order to verify if the developed approach can be used for revealing hidden emotions and also discover what emotions are thought to awake interest towards Finland and its attractions. Content analysis as a qualitative research instrument was used to collect and systemize the data from the travel brochure.     Findings and analysis show that the defined means of emotional expression are used in promotional text and can be applies to reveal the emotional image of described tourism attractions.  In practice it gives possibility to assess the emotional content separately from the text and discuss if the result is what the marketers wanted the customers to feel or not and take steps for redesigning the textual content if required.
An introduction to international marketing : a guide to going global
The complete 21st century travel & hospitality : marketing handbook
Marketing communications : a European perspective
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2006 : proceedings of the international conference in Lausanne, Switzerland, 2006
The marketing and public relations handbook for museums, galleries and heritage attractions
M-business : the race to mobility
Promoting culture exchange programs to USA through personal communication channels
Emotional image of tourism destinations : case FTB tourist brochures to Russians
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
Use of segmentation in household energy conservation campaigns
Marketing in travel and tourism
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Media and middle class moms : images and realities of work and family
Interpretive master planning. Volume 1, Strategies for the new millennium
Observations on international tourism communications : Americas
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2007 : proceedings of the international conference in Ljubljana, Slovenia, 2007
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Direct marketing : an integrated approach
Media strategies for marketing places in crisis : improving the image of cities, countries and tourist destinations
Factors affecting industrieal buying decisions when buying bottled water in Finland : case: Voss water
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
Aggregated ICT survey report
Designing interpretive signs : principles in practice
Tourism Marketing in Masai Mara National Reserve
Abstracts in Finnish and in Russian.
eTourism : Information technology for strategic tourism management
Strategic advertising management
Abstract.
Customer service on the Internet : building relationships, increasing loyalty, and staying competitive
Presidential campaigning in the Internet age
Tourism and hospitality marketing : a global perspective
Travel and tourism public relations : an introductory guide for hospitality managers
Focus groups : a practical guide for applied research
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Tourism marketing in Masai Mara National Reserve
Terrorism in cyberspace : the next generation
International business and tourism : global issues, contemporary interactions
Global advertising, attitudes, and audiences
The book covers all elements of the communications mix, including advertising, public relations, sponsorship, sales promotion, direct marketing, point-of-purchase communications, exhibitions, and personal selling. It also offers up-to-date coverage of e-communication, including e-marketing, mobile marketing, interactive television and relationship marketing. Building on the success of the third edition, the fourth edition comes fully updated with brand new material on a diverse range of products and brands such as Coke Zero, Twitter and Wii Fit, as well as coverage of topical issues such as the Barack Obama campaign and the EU anti-smoking campaign.
Towards a democratic EU: online communication ia an organisational and civil context
Marketing and public relations for museums, galleries, cultural and heritage attractions
Culturally bound elements and their adaptive translation in travel brochures with specific emphasis on Lapland
Focus group practice
Marketing language travel destinations to teenagers and adults : are there differences in language?
Advertising theory
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
The success of communication in the adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Global marketing and advertising : understanding cultural paradoxes
Do the web write : writing for and marketing your website
HOW TO DEVELOP A GLOBAL SERVICE CONCEPT AND ADAPT IT TO LOCAL MARKET?  : Case ICIUM Wonderworld of Ice
Handbook on E-marketing for tourism destinations
Marketing destinations and venues for conferences, conventions and business events
Essentials of marketing
Interpretive master planning. Volume 2, Selected essays : philosophy, theory and practice
The bachelor thesis is built around an idea of creating a teaser  brochure of Helsinki in co-operation with a graphic and media student and  a destination management company Helsinki Expert. The main idea for  the thesis derived from a personal interest of the author in her home town  and the growing interest of independent travellers in Helsinki. The goal set  was to create an actual brochure including Helsinki Expert's products and  get it printed as well as distributed. The segment chosen was young  European tourists interested in independent travel. Helsinki cannot present  old cultures and their remains for the incoming tourists; rather it has to find  its attraction factors from modernity. The author feels that Helsinki has a  lot to offer to the younger tourist segments of Europe but still has work to  do attracting and getting them to visit the city. This thesis is project based  and divided into two parts, the brochure itself and the report including the  theoretic framework and the process description. The thesis starts by  presenting the theoretic framework including definitions, marketing  theories as well as factors to be considered when writing a brochure. It  proceeds to the actual process, the author explaining how the idea was  turned into practise. Finally the author analyses the result and what could  have been done otherwise. The process was started from finding a  partner and creating the brochure in the fall of 2006 but completion of the  thesis was delayed into November 2008 with this report. The brochure  was finished and printed but never distributed. The author feels that the  brochure itself was executed quite well but some parts of the process  could have been done otherwise to reach all the aimed objectives.
Your call is important to us : the truth about bullshit
Clinical and related research in communication
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Christian metal online : the discursive construction of identity and culture
News & numbers : a writer's guide to statistics
