http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8555 Symbian OS
Symbian OS
User interface development for symbian OS platform
Symbian Daemon for reporting user attitudes : the design
Mobile application security
QT for Symbian
Developing software for Symbian OS : a beginner ́s guide to creating Symbian OS v9 smartphone applications in C++
Rapid mobile enterprise development for Symbian OS : an introduction to OPL application design and programming
A generic camera driver for Symbian-based platforms
Mobile phone programming and its application to wireless networking
Development of car pool application for Symbian OS = Kimppakyydin hallintasovellus Symbian-käyttöjärjestelmälle
Screen Capture Application : application multitasking in Symbian OS
Implementing an automatic tracing component for the Symbian Operating System
Games on Symbian OS : A Handbook for mobile development
The analysis of BlueCheese mobile peer-to-peer middleware
Programming the mobile web
Mobile Java with J2ME
Programming for the Series 60 Platform and Symbian OS
C++ application software development on the symbian series 60 platform
Multimedia on Symbian OS : inside the convergence device
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 1, Technologies and standardization
Wireless Java for Symbian devices
Beginning Nokia Apps Development
Chat application for a smartphone
Feature interaction management in Symbian phones
Mobile context awareness
Testing modern data transfer technologies in mobile devices
Reusability in Symbian module testing
Abstract: Screen Capture Application : designing architecture in Symbian OS.
Application Development in Symbian C++ and Qt
Development of drawing area objects in Symbian application
Development of ad-hoc network formation middleware for Symbian phones over wireless LAN
Game development on the Symbian Series 60 platform
Symbian OS platform security : software development using the Symbian OS security architecture
Recognizing license plates from digital images
Mobile Python : rapid prototyping of applications on the mobile platform
Symbian OS C++ for mobile phones
Abstract: Benefits of hardware debugging in Symbian OS.
Application development in Symbian C++ and Qt
Abstract: The smartphone business landscape has shifted considerably ever since the introduction of the iPhone in 2007. The ensuing years have seen Nokia, the world leader in the smart-phone industry at the time, loose grip on market share. Consequently, Nokia has set a new road map to revamp the Symbian operating system and regain lost market shares. The road map is headlined by two important entries: the adoption of the Qt framework and partnership with Microsoft on Windows Phone 7. This thesis is concerned with the adoption of the Qt framework into the Nokia smartphone family. More precisely, the thesis discusses how the programming paradigms of Qt differ from the archaically well-established Symbian operating system. The architectural differences of Qt and Symbian OS have been thoroughly examined using code snippets as supplement to demonstrate implementations. The findings of this thesis show that not only does Qt make the life of a developer much easier than traditional Symbian OS, but also, and more importantly, Qt delivers industry standard user interfaces and fluid user interactions at par with the competition.
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 2, Solutions and tools
Symbian Dameon for reporting user attitudes : implementation
Developing Series 60 applications : a guide for Symbian OS C++ developers
Strategic technology management of Nokia Corporation 2003-2013 : faulty choices and the collapse of the handset business
Mobile encounter networks application: a gasoline price comparison system
Symbian OS explained : effective C++ programming for smartphones
Screen Capture Application : designing architecture in Symbian OS
The Photo Viewer Application
Symbian OS communications programming
Extensible build tool for Symbian software development : case study: Digia Plc
Abstract: Screen Capture Application : extension  framework in Symbian OS.
Symbian OS C++ for mobile phones. Vol. 3
3D DCT based video coder for mobile devices
Text input methods in series 60 smartphones
VoIP-application development for Symbian-based phones
Abstract. This thesis work is an implementation of a wireless control system for Industrial robot: a Mitsubishi MOVEMASTER RV-E3J industrial robot which has a SONY EVI-D30 camera device attached nearby to provide a real-time video feedback   to the operator. The purpose is also to get acquainted with the related   technologies needed for the implementation of this thesis work. The fields   covered are in telecommunications, multimedia, networking, telerobotic and   programming.   The software development tool used in this thesis work is the Qt Framework   development tools for Windows and the Symbian platform. One application   developed in this thesis work is acting as the desktop application which runs   on the Windows operating system, while another application installed on a   smartphone runs on the Symbian operating system.   The main idea of the project was to develop a wireless control system for the   Mitsubishi RV-E3J industrial robot, and controlling the robot wirelessly from a   smartphone. The smartphone' s can send commands to the industrial robot to   control its movement.   The second main idea of this thesis was to get a visual feedback from the   standby camera to the smartphone through video streaming, the operator from   the mobile phone can control the movement of the camera and at the same   time get visual feedback from the camera which is positioned next to the robot   and it transmits a real-time video output showing the robot's actions.   Most importantly it is very necessary for the robot's movement to be within a   specific area and the working environment must be safe from an accidental   damage caused by the robot.   This Bachelor's thesis work was done in the Computer Laboratory of Raahe School of Engineering and Business.
Implementing licensing system on Symbian OS device
S60 programming : a tutorial guide
Symbian OS internals : real-time kernel programming
Initation to integration for new employee
Abstract: Initation to integration for new employee.
Swedish summary: Layoutmanager för operativsystemet Symbian (s. viii-xi).
C++ application software development on the Symbian series 60 platform
Series 60 platform and provided communication and multimedia APIs for 3rd party developer
The Accredited Symbian developer primer : fundamentals of Symbian OS
Abstract: Orbital3d for Symbian Os.
Programming Java 2 micro edition on Symbian OS : a developer's guide to MIDP 2.0
Study of S60 entended notifier framework on Symbian OS
Abstract: Screen Capture Application : application multitasking in Symbian OS.
Security threats in mobile devices
Java ME on Symbian OS : inside the smartphone model
Symbian chart class : for series 60 and series 80 platforms
Screen Capture Application : extension  framework in Symbian OS
MITA : Mobile Internet technical architecture : solutions and tools
Quick recipes on Symbian OS : mastering C++ smartphone development
Professional Symbian programming : mobile solutions on the EPOC platform
UIQ 3 : the complete guide
Active objects : in EPOC32 programming
Programming Mobile Devices : an introduction for practitioners
The Symbian OS architecture sourcebook : design and evolution of a mobile phone OS
Benefits of hardware debugging in Symbian OS
Personal scheduler application for Symbian OS with PyS60
Orbital3d for Symbian Os
Symbian OS C++ for mobile phones. Vol. 2, Programming with extended functionality and advanced features
A graphical build tool for Symbian software
Wireless control system for an industrial robot
Position dependent information system in a wireless information device
Uniforming a Testing Environment of a Mobile Device
Wireless Control System for an Industrial Robot
Smartphone operating system concepts with Symbian OS : a tutorial guide
Symbian for software leaders : principles of successful smartphone development projects
