http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p855 radio (mass media)
radio (mass media)
"The purpose of this book is to further communication and understanding of the status and future of radio science, both for those working in the field, and for those who want to know what is of current importance in this area. The International Union of Radio Science, URSI (Union Radio-Scientifique Internationale), has divided the subject of ""Radio Science"" according to the ten topics of the Commissions that make up URSI: * Electromagnetic metrology * Fields and waves * Signals and systems * Electronics and photonics * Radio astronomy * Electromagnetic noise and interference * Wave propagation and remote sensing * Ionospheric radio and propagation * Waves in plasmas * Electromagnetics in biology and medicine This book consists of 37 original, peer-reviewed papers. The topics, authors, and reviewers were selected by the URSI Commissions. Each paper provides a critical, in-depth review of and, in many cases, tutorial on advances and research that have been of significant importance within the area of interest of the Commissions during the past three to four years. Among the 37 topics covered are the following: * Two-way satellite time and frequency transfer * Handset antennas for mobile communications * Wireless ATM networks * Ultra-high-bit-rate optical communication systems * Modeling techniques for EMC analysis * Mobile, terrestrial, and satellite propagation modeling * GPS and the ionosphere * Radio-frequency sounders in space * The early radio universe * Exposure assessment for handheld mobile communications devices A ""Collected References"" CD-ROM is an integral part of this book, intended to permit a reader to install the bibliographic database on a personal computer or workstation, so that it can be searched as needed. Independently of the papers in the book, the CD-ROM contains key references on the topics each Commission has deemed to be most significant during the triennium. The full titles are included in the references, and they are augmented by keywords including the country of origin for the work, to facilitate searching for the most important references on a particular topic.".
Embedding RFID( Radio Frequency Identification ) chip into LPMS( Low Pressure Moulding System) with specific design
Software Defined Radio for Wireless Sensors & Cognitive Networks
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Radio : the book
MIMO-OFDM for LTE, Wi-Fi, and WiMAX : coherent versus non-coherent and cooperative turbo-transceivers
Radio reader : essays in the cultural history of radio
A chronicle of first broadcast performances of musical works in the United Kingdom, 1923-1996
Advertising for dummies
The great radio soap operas
The meeting place : radio features in the Shina language of Gilgit by Mohammad Amin Zia : text, interlinear analysis and English translation with a glossary
Theatre of the imagination : radio stories by Orson Welles and The Mercury Theatre
Scroggie's Foundations of Wireless and Electronics
Midnight caller
Improving channel sales in a software company
The poetry of radio : the colour of sound
With the rapid growth of new wireless devices and applications over the past decade, the demand for wireless radio spectrum is increasing relentlessly. The development of cognitive radio networking provides a framework for making the best possible use of limited spectrum resources, and it is revolutionising the telecommunications industry. This book presents the fundamentals of designing, implementing, and deploying cognitive radio communication and networking systems. Uniquely, it focuses on game theory and its applications to various aspects of cognitive networking. It covers in detail the core aspects of cognitive radio, including cooperation, situational awareness, learning, and security mechanisms and strategies. In addition, it provides novel, state-of-the-art concepts and recent results. This is an ideal reference for researchers, students and professionals in industry who need to learn the applications of game theory to cognitive networking.
The first book to provide a detailed discussion of the application of wavelets in wireless communications, this is an invaluable source of information for graduate students, researchers, and telecommunications engineers, managers and strategists. It overviews applications, explains how to design new wavelets and compares wavelet technology with existing OFDM technology.• Addresses the applications and challenges of wavelet technology for a range of wireless communication domains• Aids in the understanding of Wavelet Packet Modulation and compares it with OFDM• Includes tutorials on convex optimisation, spectral factorisation and the design of wavelets• Explains design methods for new wavelet technologies for wireless communications, addressing many challenges, such as peak-to-average power ratio reduction, interference mitigation, reduction of sensitivity to time, frequency and phase offsets, and efficient usage of wireless resources• Describes the application of wavelet radio in spectrum sensing of cognitive radio systems.
WCDMA radio network performance
The most comprehensive reference on wireless localization technology, featuring theory, current practice, and application examplesThis authoritative handbook reviews both classic and emerging position location techniques, presenting unique, in-depth coverage from fundamentals of coordinates to advanced application examples. Featuring contributions from dozens of researchers from around the world, it provides the breadth of knowledge needed for readers who need to get up to speed in the fundamentals of wireless localization or who are involved in its emerging applications in such key areas as homeland security, law enforcement, emergency response, defense command and control, and multi-robot coordination.This invaluable handbook is comprised of seven parts:. Part I reviews the basic techniques and research topics in position localization. Part II details TOA and DOA localization methods, introducing important measures that compare different estimation techniques. Part III studies the fundamentals of received signal strength-based positioning methods and their potential for indoor localization. Part IV examines non-line-of-sight identification, mitigation, and localization methods, highlighting many novel techniques. Part V reviews mobility and tracking using Kalman Filtering techniques, including their application in indoor localization and GNSS systems. Part VI covers several topics in the area of network-based or cooperative localization, introducing techniques such as infrastructure-free local and wireless local positioning systems. Part VII includes several novel applications of position location systems, offering many techniques and methods including GNSS and RFID-based localization systems and wireless local positioning systemsMany chapters feature useful MATLAB examples and their solutions; the examples have been designed to help readers learn fundamental algorithms for positioning and to begin their research more quickly. All MATLAB code is available online for download at: ftp://ftp.wiley.com/public/sci_tech_med/matlab_codesHandbook of Position Location allows any working engineer or graduate student to quickly come up to speed in these systems. It also helps university professors teach the fundamentals of wireless localization.
Radio for everybody
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Sound effects : radio, television and film
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
Writing and producing radio dramas
Radio variability of active galactic nuclei : analysis of long-term multifrequency data
Aurora Dawn or, the true history of Andrew Reale  ..
Design and implementation of an interface system and an accelerometer program for a wireless measurement system
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Radio data reference book
The Journal of air law and commerce
Southern gods
Rhythms of labour : music at work in Britain
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Radio and poetry
The radio station
Finnish mass media
'Radio Journalism' combines an awareness of theory and practice in order to explore what makes radio reporting distinctive, and demonstrates its continuing importance in the news landscape.
Ham radio for dummies
Mass media in 2025 : industries, organizations, people, and nations
Women and radio : airing differences
Integrating Camera Recognition and RFID System for Assets Tracking and Warehouse Management
Cognitive Radio Networking and Security : A Game-Theoretic View
Studying radio
Consideration of using 3G cellular network to monitor ABB’s remote circuit breakers
Radio for education and development : case studies
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Radio's best plays
Fundamentals of radio broadcasting
The radio handbook
The ultimate survival guide to the new music industry : handbook for hell
White Space Communication Technologies
Christianity and the mass media in America : toward a democratic accommodation
Maser Sources in Astrophysics
Radiation dose and radiation risk to foetuses and newborns during x-ray examinations
Towards multiculturalism in Turkish public service broadcasting : the dilemma of Kurdish language and cultural diversity
The American surprise
Developing disaster preparedness education via broadcast media and community involvement
A broadcast engineering tutorial for non-engineers
The BBC and ultra-modern music, 1922-1936 : shaping a nation's tastes
The development of radio and radio research : perspectives towards a new order
WCDMA HSPA performance counters for monitoring 3G-radio access network
Practical radio for beginners (Book 2)
Automation of measurements for a radio frequency transmitter and receiver
Utilizing context in location-aware short-range wireless communication
On performance analysis of cognitive radios
Spectrum sensing techniques in cognitive radio : cyclostationary method
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
The aim of this study was to evaluate an application tool for the Company to see if the application tool would increase the use of the resources, make the selling process more effective and help the project management tasks and phases and decrease the time used for the deal. The whole delivery and sales processes from getting a lead to the final document delivery and into the project closure were examined. Additionally, the Company managers were interested in if the application tool can be used to make it easier for the Company distributors to generate accurate offers for the customers without massive help from the Company sales department. The marketing and sales functions of the Company were analysed and investigated by the researcher as well as the sales actions and functions of the company’s distributors. The methods were analysed and investigated to reveal the possible problems in the partner sales. After the thorough analyses were done, the outcomes were compared against the application tool to see if the application solves the problems. An action research approach was used as the researcher was an insider in the Company. The chosen approach may offer the researcher an easier access to information than an outsider would have. On the other hand, being the insider naturally means that the researcher must put special emphasis on the objectiveness of the study. The solution suggestions are cloud based services that are easy to implement and monitor and which are improving customer service, partner communication, and channel sales. They were chosen for the case Company instead of more traditional solutions as they better fit into the small company.
Young volunteers in community radio : volunteering as a learning process
The objective of this Bachelor’s thesis was to automate performance measurements done in the development of a radio transmitter and a receiver. The main objective was to develop measurement automation routines for five basic performance measurements using National Instruments LabVIEW as a software development environment. In order to meet this objective, a study of radio technology and their architecture was required. Additionally, a study of measurement systems and control was required. The developed software had to be modular to ease further development in future. The thesis was done for OY LM Ericsson AB site in Oulu, which is concentrated on the development of small-cell base station products. Measurement results gained with automation software were compared to those of manual measurements. As a result, main five measurements were successfully automated, and the results obtained matched those of manual measurements in terms of accuracy. Also, multiple smaller measurement automation routines were developed to ease automation development in the future. The thesis work was evaluated successful because of time and resources saved by the automation. In addition, it was possible to use the software modules in different additional measurements, for example in the testing of signal processing algorithms.
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
RFID handbook : fundamentals and applications in contactless smart cards, radio frequency identification and near-field communication
An IP capable data link layer protocol for narrow band half-duplex packet data radio networks
Researching for television and radio
Samuel Beckett's self-referential drama : the three I's
The educational role of broadcasting
Digital front-end in wireless communication and broadcasting : circuits and signal processing
Introduction to wireless localization : with iPhone SDK examples
[sup 238]U-series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
The admiralty list of radio signals. 2, Navigational aids
Victory through harmony : the BBC and popular music in World War II
Brad Schultz follows the process of news production from the creation of story ideas to presentation on air, in television radio & on the Internet. He also discusses issues facing producers, such as newsroom leadership, resource management & newsroom relationships.
The politics of Canadian broadcasting 1920-1951
Writing for everyone on the radio drama team - writers, actors pilot testers, and producers - De Fossard sets out the steps of creating radio programs that combine entertainment with education to promote social development, primarily in the non-industrialized world.
Saleable compromises : quality cultures in Finnish and US commercial radio
Comparison of Parameters and Listing of Major Differences Between Ericsson WRAN P6.1 and WRAN P7 Systems
This study followed 14 young volunteers as they broadcast on community radio. It explored how learning occurs and how volunteering may structure this, and whether such learning has distinct characteristics from types of learning theorised in the literature. Methodology is discussed as something that should be evident throughout all aspects of the research, particularly in relation to developing research relationships and its effect on the researcher. Methods used were blogs and group interviews over a 3-month minimum period, designed to encourage participants to collect data, allay attrition and to remove the researcher from part of the data collection process.
Problems and controversies in television and radio : basic readings
Freedom in broadcasting
Wheeler monographs : selected topics in radio and electronics
Radio research 1941
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Developmental radio broadcasting in Namibia and Tanzania : a comparative study
GMDSS manual : global maritime distress and safety system
Wavelet Radio : Adaptive and Reconfigurable Wireless Systems Based on Wavelets
Practical radio for beginners (Book 1)
The complete handbook of radio receivers & transmitters
Not the BBC/IBA : the case for community radio
The sounds of radio : on radio as an auditive means of communication
Your gateway to packet radio
Radio research 1942-1943
Practical radio-frequency handbook
Broadcast news producing
The invisible medium : public, commercial and community radio
Current of music : elements of a radio theory
The radio talk : a practical study of the art and craft of talks broadcasting
Communications research
Radio's intimate public : network broadcasting and mass-mediated democracy
Democratization of communication as an utopia : experiences from the Finnish radio reform in the 1980s
Test equipment for the radio amateur
Radio broadcasting : an introduction to the sound medium
Radio program ideabook
Radio propaganda and the broadcasting of hatred : historical development and definitions
Are you an engineer or manager working on the development and implementation of RFID technology? If so, this book is for you. Covering both passive and active RFID systems, the challenges to RFID implementation are addressed using specific industry research examples and common integration issues. Key topics include RF tag performance optimization, evaluation methodologies for RFID and Real-Time-Location Systems (RTLS) and sensors, EPC network simulation, RFID in the retail supply chain, and applications in product lifecycle management, anti-counterfeiting and cold chain management. The book brings together insights from the world's leading research laboratories in the field, including the Auto-ID Labs at MIT, successor to the Auto-ID Center which developed the Electronic Product Code scheme which is set to become the global standard for product identification.MIT Auto-ID Labs's suite of Open Source code and tools for RFID implementation is available at www.cambridge.org/9780521880930.
Radar observer's handbook : for merchant navy officers
The licensing of radio services in the United States, 1927 to 1947 : a study in administrative formulation of policy
Radio in the digital age
Broadcast regulation and joint ownership of media
The early days of radio broadcasting
The review of radio science 1990-1992
Young media managers and the effect of age to the challenges in work : case: Yleisradio and 360-degree evaluation
Managing organizational creativity in media context : case YLE Design
Masers are observed at a range of scales - from comets, through star-forming clouds, to galactic nuclei - and have many astrophysical applications, for example measuring cosmological distances. Written for postgraduate students and professional researchers in molecular astrophysics, this volume is an up-to-date survey of the theory and observations of astrophysical maser sources and their use as astronomical tools. The book summarizes the history of the discovery of various maser molecules and lines, and discusses maser observations on various scales. The theory is discussed in detail, including the quantum-mechanical response of the molecules, before being linked to more general radiation transfer. A discussion of spectral-line radio astronomy techniques shows how maser observations can be applied more generally to radio astronomy. The book introduces new and projected instruments, including ALMA and SKA. Additional topics address the radiation statistics of astrophysical masers, and numerical methods of analysis.
RFID field guide : deploying radio frequency identification systems
Physico-chemical properties of sol-gel synthesized titanosilicates for the uptake of radionuclides from aqueous solutions
Understanding broadcast & cable finance : a primer for nonfinancial manager
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
Your message and the media : the complete and practical guide to media relations
How to make great radio : techniques and tips for today's broadcasters and producers
Increase the efficient use of time-varying available spectrum with this unique book, the first to describe RF hardware design for white space applications, including both analog and digital approaches. Emerging technologies are discussed and signal processing issues are addressed, providing the background knowledge and practical tools needed to develop future radio technologies. Real-world examples are included, together with global spectrum regulations and policies, for a practical approach to developing technologies for worldwide applications. Cross analog and digital design guidelines are provided to help cut design time and cost. This holistic, system level view of transceiver design for white space technologies is ideal for practising engineers and students and researchers in academia.
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
Perspectives on radio and television : an introduction to broadcasting in the United States
The economic development of radio
Development and application of laser technologies at radioactive ion beam facilities
"Contributors investigate the multiple roles of radio in the lives of African listeners across the continent. Some essays turn to the history of radio and its part in culture and politics. Others show how radio throws up new tensions, yet endorses social innovation and the making of new publics. A number of contributors look at radio's current role in creating listening communities that radically shift the nature of the public sphere. Yet others cover radio's central role in the emergence of informed publics in fragile national spaces, or in failed states. The book also highlights radio's links to the new media, its role in resistance to oppressive regimes, and points in several cases to the importance of African languages in building modern communities that embrace both local and global knowledge." --Publisher's description.
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
Radio sound effects : who did it, and how, in the era of live broadcasting
Transactions of the IRE Professional Group on Broadcast and Television Receivers
An introduction to radio astronomy
Radio programming : tactics and strategy
Mass culture and the defence of national traditions : the BBC and American broadcasting 1922-1954
Beams and Jets in Astrophysics
A software defined radio implementation using MATLAB
" The author provides many insights into the early days of the medium as it grappled with entertaining an audience based on a single sense (hearing)"--Provided by publisher.
Admiralty list of radio signals : pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations. Vol. 6, Asia and Australasia
Modern radio science 1999
Software defined radio : baseband technologies for 3G handsets and basestations
Stay tuned : a history of American broadcasting
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
A career handbook for TV, radio, film, video & interactive media
Personal & mobile radio systems
Täällä Amerikka - : the voice of America calling Finland : an essay on USA shortwave radio broadcasting to Finland
The voice of South Africa
Automation of Measurements for a Radio Frequency Transmitter and Receiver
Review of radio science, 1996-1999
Sounds of your life : the history of independent radio in the UK
World radio TV handbook. 1997.
Understanding radio
"This book contains fifteen chapters written by world leaders in various research areas in radio science. Each chapter describes the most exciting and important scientific developments that have taken place during the last three years. Fundamental information for a non-specialist is provided to facilitate understanding, and in addition, the most current developments are highlighted. Several chapters deal with issues of radio communication - for example, satellite communication, mobile communication, and associated measurements - and discuss the resultant problems in electro-magnetic spectrum congestion. Three chapters outline closely associated issues, namely new ways of modeling and designing systems, components and antennas. New developments and techniques are also covered in the scientific applications of radar, radio astronomy, and plasma waves. In two chapters attention is devoted to quite different research issues at very low frequencies: those of atmospheric noise and interference, and the biological effects of power-line electromagnetic fields.".
"This book explores the connections between sound and memory across all electronic media, with a particular focus on radio. Street explores our capacity to remember through sound and how we can help ourselves preserve a sense of self through the continuity of memory. In so doing, he analyzes how the brain is triggered by the memory of programs, songs, and individual sounds. He then examines the growing importance of sound archives, community radio and current research using GPS technology for the history of place, as well as the potential for developing strategies to aid Alzheimer's and dementia patients through audio memory"--
Voices of a nation : a history of mass media in the United States
John Peel : a life in music
The ARRL RFI book
Radio Free Europe : an instrument of propaganda aggression
Radio communication in Canada : a historical and technological survey
Wireless Power in Passive RFID
Ergodic capacity and effective capacity of spectrum sharing cognitive radio with MRC over Nakagami fading : a comparative analysis
Radio in Africa : publics, cultures, communities
Modern radio science 1990
On air : a career in TV & radio
Software Radio using Warp Fpga Board
The physical properties of the ionized layer in the Earth's upper atmosphere enable us to use it to support an increasing range of communications applications. This book presents a modern treatment of the physics and phenomena of the high latitude upper atmosphere and the morphology of radio propagation in the auroral and polar regions. Chapters cover the basics of radio propagation and the use of radio techniques in ionospheric studies. Many investigations of high latitude radio propagation have previously only been published in Conference Proceedings and organizational reports. This book includes many examples of the behavior of quiet and disturbed high latitude HF propagation. Ample cross-referencing, chapter summaries and reference lists make this book an invaluable aid for graduate students, ionospheric physicists and radio engineers.
Writing for radio
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Secure communications : applications and management
Climbing the charts : what radio airplay tells us about the diffusion of innovation
The High-Latitude Ionosphere and its Effects on Radio Propagation
Communicating development : the use of radio in Ghana
This book is the first to provide students and researchers in the field of astrophysical jets with a comprehensive and up-to-date account of current research. An important feature of the book is that it combines discussions of both extragalactic and Galactic jets. There are ten chapters, authored by fourteen active researchers, each of whom is an expert on their chosen topic, and the book has been edited to provide a cohesive account of this field of study. This is the first volume to integrate studies of jets on all length scales. It will be an important textbook for graduate students, and a valuable reference source for researchers in many areas of extragalactic and Galactic astronomy. It will also be of interest to plasma physicists and space scientists.
The memory of sound : preserving the sonic past
Spectrum watching implementation on cognitive radio
Listening in : radio and the American imagination
Full-service radio : programming for the community
Busman's honeymoon
On air : methods and meanings of radio
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Press directory Finland. 2006
Test plan design -DTMF signaling in Nokiatetra network : designing an integration test plan for the DTMF tone signal to be executed in the Nokia TETRA network systems (NTNS) environment
Planning and establishing a radio advertising measurement system
Broadcasting in Irish : minority language, radio, television and identity
Leap days : chronicles of a midlife move
The cinema dreams its rivals : media fantasy films from radio to the internet
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Ibsen: A doll's house
Simulation environment for the C14-experiment
This book provides a comprehensive overview of the entire landscape of both outdoor and indoor wireless positioning, and guides the reader step by step in the implementation of wireless positioning applications on the iPhone. Explanations of fundamental positioning techniques are given throughout the text, along with many programming examples, providing the reader with an independent, practical, and enjoyable learning of the material while gaining a real feel for the subject. . Provides an accessible introduction to positioning technologies such as Global Positioning System and Wi-Fi positioning. Presents hands-on skills to iOS 5.0 programming for location-aware applications. Gives a thorough grounding in signal propagation, line-of-sight and interference effects for accurate positioning. Covers the location-aware video streaming and conferencing with practical iPhone application examples. Accompanied by a website containing programming code described in the text and lecture presentation slides for instructors This book is primarily intended for anyone who wants to study wireless localization. It is an ideal textbook for graduate students who are first learning localization techniques, as well as advanced undergraduates in computer science interested in translating localization concepts into real code. Professionals, engineers and researchers working in location-aware services and related techniques using mobile positioning and AI technologies will find this book to be a helpful reference.Companion website for the book:www.wiley.com/go/chan/wireless.
Radio - a traditional media with new possibilities : A description of why and how advertisers in Finland should use radio.
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Developing dialogues : indigenous and ethnic community broadcasting in Australia
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
Engelman examines the origins, evolution and politics behind the development of the major noncommercial radio and television institutions in the United States - National Public Radio, Radio Pacifica and the Public Broadcasting Service.
GPRS radio channels and data transmission at air interface
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Principles of cognitive radio
Research activities of STUK 2005-2010
Satellite communications in Europe : law and regulation
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
How wireless works
Spectrum sharing for future mobile cellular systems
Seminar on EBU-production for the Deaf
Radio production worktext : studio and equipment
RFID Technology and Applications
Revealing the molecular universe : one antenna is never enough : in honor of the academic retirement of Jack Welch : proceedings of a symposium held at University of California, Berkeley, California, USA, 9-10 September 2005
Hans Keller and the BBC : the musical conscience of British broadcasting, 1959-79
Atmospheric trends above Finland : II. Troposhere and stratosphere
Resource allocation in uplink OFDMA wireless systems : optimal solutions and practical implementations
Mass media statistics
Wireless technologies continue to evolve to address the insatiabledemand for faster response times, larger bandwidth, and reliabletransmission. Yet as the industry moves toward the development ofpost 3G systems, engineers have consumed all the affordablephysical layer technologies discovered to date. This hasnecessitated more intelligent and optimized utilization ofavailable wireless resources. Wireless Communications Resource Managem ent, Lee, Park,and Seo cover all aspects of this critical topic, from thepreliminary concepts and mathematical tools to detaileddescriptions of all the resource management techniques. Readerswill be able to more effectively leverage limited spectrum andmaximize device battery power, as well as address channel loss,shadowing, and multipath fading phenomena.. Presents the latest resource allocation techniques for new andnext generation air interface technologies. Arms readers with the necessary fundamentals and mathematicaltools. Illustrates theoretical concepts in a concrete manner. Gives detailed coverage on scheduling, power management, andMIMO techniques. Written by an author team working in both academia andindustryWireless Communications Resource Managementis geared forengineers in the wireless industry and graduate studentsspecializing in wireless communications. Professionals in wirelessservice and device manufacturing industries will find the book tobe a clear, up-to-date overview of the topic. Readers will benefitfrom a basic, undergraduate-level understanding of networks andcommunications.Course instructors can access lecture materials at the companionwebsite:(www.wiley.com/go/bglee).
War of the worlds : and other stories
The paging technology handbook
Ping : how to tap into the power of traditional and social media to massively improve your profile and profits
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
Radio in the 80's : the second symposium
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
Low power synchronization in wireless network
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Broadcasting and the community
The packet radio handbook
Mechanisms and Games for Dynamic Spectrum Allocation
Can we still trust the BBC?
Presenting state-of-the-art research into methods of wireless spectrum allocation based on game theory and mechanism design, this innovative and comprehensive book provides a strong foundation for the design of future wireless mechanisms and spectrum markets. Prominent researchers showcase a diverse range of novel insights and approaches to the increasing demand for limited spectrum resources, with a consistent emphasis on theoretical methods, analytical results and practical examples. Covering fundamental underlying principles, licensed spectrum sharing, opportunistic spectrum sharing, and wider technical and economic considerations, this singular book will be of interest to academic and industrial researchers, wireless industry practitioners, and regulators interested in the foundations of cutting-edge spectrum management.
Public radio and television in America : a political history
The Encyclopedia of radio
Basic radio : principles and technology
More than a music box : radio cultures and communities in a multi-media world
Western broadcasting at the dawn of the 21st century
Radio : the life story of a technology
The Propagation of Radio Waves : The Theory of Radio Waves of Low Power in the Ionosphere and Magnetosphere
Joint IMO/IHO/WMO manual on maritime safety information (MSI)
The ARRL handbook 2010 for radio communications
GPRS : general packet radio service
Freedom of speech by radio and television
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
External radio broadcasting and international understanding : broadcasting to Yugoslavia
Reflections on public service broadcasting ; The rise of the modern press in Danmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
The art of making do in Naples
Audio Storytelling in Today's Visual World  : The Necessary Components of a Successful Soundscape for an Audio Play
The rocky road to romance
Exploring the media : text, industry, audience
Radio remains one of the most popular mediums through which people experience music. Yet there have only been a few studies examining the dynamic effects of radio on music. In this innovative study of community radio, Charles Fairchild uses a novel combination of critical analysis, interdisciplinary theory and ethnographic writing to compare commercial and community radio institutions and practices. By situating community radio in the dominant context of consumerism, Fairchild shows how people can create democratic discourses by speaking through other people's music. He argues that the social relations produced by playing music on the radio, and the inherent ambiguity of music itself, hold the potential for cultural democracy. The book shows how community radio's aesthetic practices accord with the ideals of an open and equitable public sphere, contributing to civil society and a potentially democratic aesthetics in which the "old medium" of radio holds profound lessons for 'new media'.
Radio research in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Dictionary of broadcast communications
The magic medium : an introduction to radio in America
The radio producer's handbook
Microwave and RF engineering
The voice of the mountains
Music, radio and the public sphere : the aesthetics of democracy
The technician's radio receiver handbook : wireless and telecommunication technology
Insights into cancer-related effects of electromagnetic fields
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Wireless antenna history : a vertical design primer
Minority broadcasting in Scandinavia
This book utilises the author's twenty years of research experience to describe conclusions on the nature of quasars, their distribution, and their evolution in the universe. Concentrating on observational astrophysics rather than theory, Quasar Astronomy serves as both a summary of what is known about quasars and a guide to research methods and unanswered questions. After reviewing the cosmological framework and necessary equations, the book discusses all aspects of observed quasar properties. Techniques are summarised for analysing quasar data obtained with various kinds of telescopes and extensive references are given to recent publications. The major original contributions in chapters 5 and 6 deal with the distribution of quasars in spacetime, a subject extensively discussed in the current research literature. The book not only summarises existing results from various techniques but refers to the potentialities of new instruments that are presently being developed, resulting in a unified, up-to-date and practical account of the astronomy of quasars.
This book is concerned with the ionosphere and the magnetosphere, and the theory of their effect on radio waves. It includes accounts of some mathematical topics now widely used in this study, particularly W. K. B. approximations, Airy integral functions and integration by steepest descents. The subject is divided into ray theory and full wave theory. Ray theory is useful for high frequencies when the ionosphere is treated as a horizonally stratified medium. The discussion of the magnetosphere, whose structure is more complicated, includes an account of whistlers and ion cyclotron whistlers. The book has been planned both for final year undergraduates and as a reference book for research. It is suitable as a course book on radio propagation for students of physics or electrical engineering or mathematics. Some of the topics are presented from an elementary viewpoint so as to help undergraduates new to the subject. The later parts are more advanced. Because the subject is so large and has seen many important recent advances, some topics have had to be treated briefly, but there is a full bibliography with about 600 references.
Music machines - American style : a catalog of the exhibition
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
The science of radio
The master switch : the rise and fall of information empires
Marconi : the man who networked the world
MIMO-OFDM for LTE, WIFI and WIMAX: Coherent versus Non-Coherent and CooperativeTurbo-Transceivers provides an up-to-date portrayal of wireless transmission based on OFDM techniques augmented with Space-Time Block Codes (STBCs) and Spatial-Division Multiple Access (SDMA). The volume also offers an in-depth treatment of cutting-edge Cooperative Communications.This monograph collates the latest techniques in a number of specific design areas of turbo-detected MIMO-OFDM wireless systems. As a result a wide range of topical subjects are examined, including channel coding and multiuser detection (MUD), with a special emphasis on optimum maximum-likelihood (ML) MUDs, reduced-complexity genetic algorithm aided near-ML MUDs and sphere detection. The benefits of spreading codes as well as joint iterative channel and data estimation are only a few of the radical new features of the book.Also considered are the benefits of turbo and LDPC channel coding, the entire suite of known joint coding and modulation schemes, space-time coding as well as SDM/SDMA MIMOs within the context of various application examples. The book systematically converts the lessons of Shannon's information theory into design principles applicable to practical wireless systems; the depth of discussions increases towards the end of the book.. Discusses many state-of-the-art topics important to today's wireless communications engineers.. Includes numerous complete system design examples for the industrial practitioner.. Offers a detailed portrayal of sphere detection.. Based on over twenty years of research into OFDM in the context of various applications, subsequently presenting comprehensive bibliographies.
Broadcasting and bargaining : labor relations in radio and television
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
Basic laboratory exercises for field, audio, and TV studio production
The history of music machines
Attention all shipping : a journey round the shipping forecast
