http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8552 subcultures
subcultures
Taking cultural values into possession - local radio and social competence : the case of Finland
Steampunk : the art of Victorian futurism
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Spartacus. 2011/2012 : international gay guide
Youth and society : exploring the social dynamics of youth experience
Fads and fashions : a preliminary survey : report to Sports Council/SSRC Working Party on Recreation Research
Teenagers and teenpics : the juvenilization of American movies in the 1950s
Genshiken : Second season. 1
Twenty-first century anarchism : unorthodox ideas for a new millennium
Going underground : American punk 1979-1989
The Taqwacores
Summary in Finnish.
And it don't stop : hip hop photography
What was the hipster? : a sociological investigation
Women prisoners : a forgotten population
Street art
42 x 12 : the cult of fixed
Or glory : 21st century rockers
This is grime
The gang : a study in adolescent behavior
Cyberpunk handbook : [the real cyberpunk fakebook]
Subcultural theory : traditions and concepts
Cause we got style! : european hip hop posing from the 80s and early 90s
Global punk : resistance and rebellion in everyday life
Gothic beauty magazine : Helsinki
What is goth?
Punks and believers : an ethnographic study of subcultural, religious and non-religious identities in Indonesian punk scenes
Pretty in punk : girls' gender resistance in a boys' subculture
The Ashgate research companion to fan cultures
'Counterculture' emerged as a term in the late 1960s and has been re-deployed in more recent decades in relation to other forms of cultural and socio-political phenomena. This volume provides an essential new academic scrutiny of the concept of 'counterculture' and a critical examination of the period and its heritage. Recent developments in sociological theory complicate and problematize theories developed in the 1960s, with digital technology, for example, providing an impetus for new understandings of counterculture. Music played a significant part in the way that the counterculture authored space in relation to articulations of community by providing a shared sense of collective identity. Not least, the heady mixture of genres provided a socio-cultural-political backdrop for distinctive musical practices and innovations which, in relation to counterculture ideology, provided a rich experiential setting in which different groups defined their relationship both to the local and international dimensions of the movement, so providing a sense of locality, community and collective identity.
The gangs of New York : an informal history of the underworld
Fashioning memory : vintage style and youth culture
Thrasher : Vantaa
London graffiti and street art : unique artwork from London's streets
The art of steampunk : extraordinary devices and ingenious contraptions from the leading artists of the steampunk movement
Genshiken : Second season. 2
Hey ! moderne art & pop culture. Art show part II : Musee de la Halle st. Pierre
The football factory
Moshpit : the violent world of mosh pit culture
Creative business from the point of view of Goth subculture
Suburban youth in cultural crisis
New age travellers : vanloads of uproarious humanity
Countercultures and popular music
Ink : the not-just-skin-deep guide to getting a tattoo
Bohemians : a graphic history
In this memoir of the AIDS years (1981-1996) in New York, CUNY Professor of English Sarah Schulman recalls how much of the queer culture, cheap rents, and virbrant downtown arts movement vanished almost overnight, replaced by gay conservative spokespeople and mainstream consumerism. Schulman takes us back to her Lower East Side and brings it to life, sharing vivid memories of her avant-garde queer friends and recreating the early years of the AIDS crisis as experienced by a political insider. Interweaving personal reminiscence with analysis, Schulman details her experience as a witness to the loss of a generation's imagination and the consequences of that loss.--From publisher description.
Skinheads : 1979-1984
Making it in prison : the square, the cool, and the life
Lowrider : history, pride, culture
Bluegrass odyssey : a documentary in pictures and words, 1966-86
Has everyone always been in love with you? Of course they have, who am I kidding? What did they say about Helen of Troy? That her face launched a thousand ships? That's you, you're that beautiful. A thousand ships' New York City in the eighties, and at its decadent heart is Guy. The darling of Fire Island's gay community and one of New York's top male models, Guy is gliding his way to riches that are a world away from his modest provincial upbringing back home in France. Like some modern-day Dorian Gray he seems untouched by time: the decades pass, fashions change, yet his beauty remains as transcendent and captivating as ever. Such looks cannot help but bring him adoration. From sweet yet pathetic Fred to the wealthy and masochistic Baron, from the acerbic and cynical Pierre-Georges to Andre, fabricating Dali fakes and hurtling towards prison and the abyss, all are in some way fixated on him.
The steampunk user's manual : an illustrated practical and whimsical guide to creating retro-futurist dreams
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
Steampunk : back to the future with the new Victorians
Rock'n'roll Babylon
Hey! Modern Art & Pop Culture Artshow : Musée de la Halle St. Pierre, Paris
From the Scandinavian viewpoint : the ski team as a subculture in American college sports : a case study from the University of New Mexico
Turn on tune in drop out
Style tribes : the fashion of subcultures
The gentrification of the mind : witness to a lost imagination
DiY culture : party & protest in nineties Britain
Only anarchists are pretty : a novel
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
A Muslim punk house in Buffalo, New York, inhabited by burqa-wearing riot grrrls, mohawked Sufis, straightedge Sunnis, Shi'a skinheads, Indonesian skaters, Sudanese rude boys, gay Muslims, drunk Muslims, and feminists. Their living room hosts parties and prayers, with a hole smashed in the wall to indicate the direction of Mecca. Their life together mixes sex, dope, and religion in roughly equal amounts, expressed in devotion to an Islamo-punk subculture, 'taqwacore,' named for taqwa, an Arabic term for consciousness of the divine.
Subculture : the meaning of style
The politics of the police
Dystopia : fantasy art, fiction and the movies / Dave Golder ; foreword by Pat Mills
The rebels : a brotherhood of outlaw bikers
Night flowers : from avant-drag to extreme haute couture
The mammoth book ot bikers
The poor : a culture of poverty, or a poverty of culture?
Why be something that you're not : Detroit hardcore 1979-1985
The emergence of rock'n roll : music and the rise of American youth culture
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
Bisexual politics : theories, queries, and visions
Genshiken : Second season. 3
No angel : my undercover journey to the dark heart of the Hells Angels
Can't buy me love : The Beatles, Britain and America
The call of the weird : travels in the American subcultures
Seismic changes took place in Western societies attitudes to homosexuality around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries. At first, gay communities suffered from rabidly hostile responses to the AIDS epidemic. Those terrible years were followed by piecemeal legal reform and a gradual thaw in the way gayness was represented in popular culture. From the wages of sin to the commercialisation of desire, from pretend families to equal marriage, gay people were eventually sucked into the mainstream of contemporary life. But how irreversible are those changes, how secure the future they promise? Best known for his literary criticism, Gregory Woods now turns his attention to journalism, film, TV, shopping, popular fiction, cartoons, the memoirs of the Beirut hostages, desert island stories, travel brochures, Italian camp, and anything else that takes his fancy. By paying close attention to the detail, he manages to convey the broader picture of a major turning-point in Western attitudes to sexuality. These essays amply demonstrate how gay and lesbian studies, far from addressing only narrow concerns, open up fresh perspectives on some of the more intractable issues of our times.
Performing punk
In search of Elvis : music, race, art, religion
Black metal : the cult never dies. Volume 1
The myth of the last taboo: : queer subcultural studies
Gangster priest : the Italian American cinema of Martin Scorsese
Beyond the beach : an ethnography of modern travellers in Asia
Declaration of independence : snowboarding, skateboarding + music : an intersection of cultures
Goth : undead subculture
Surfing life : surface, substructure and the commodification of the sublime
The post-subcultures reader
Mind invaders : a reader in psychic warfare, cultural sabotage and semiotic terrorism
Goth craft : the magical side of dark culture
Gay culture in America : essays from the field
All city writers
Energy flash : a journey through rave music and dance culture
Ridin' high, livin'free : hell-raising motorscycle stories
Gay semiotics
The art of punk
Gathering prey
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
Beautiful losers : [contemporary art and street culture]
That's the joint! : the hip-hop studies reader
The theory of the leisure class
How to handle bullying and gangs
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
21st century goth
Hosts and champions : soccer cultures, national identities and the USA World Cup
Dr. Martens Airwair with bouncing soles
Rap and hip hop : examining pop culture
In the seventies : adventures in the counter-culture
The goth bible : a compendium for the darkly inclined
Adios III : works of 9 fantastic artists
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
One blood : inside Britains new gang culture
Piercing : a modern antholog
Imagining the supernatural north
Paint it black : a guide to gothic homemaking
Gothic beauty magazine : Espoo
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Gay Gotham : art and underground culture in New York
Born to be wild : the rise of the American motorcyclist
The art of gothic : music : fashion : alt culture
Resistance through rituals : youth subcultures in post-war Britain
Haight-Ashbury in the sixties
The culture of desire : paradox and perversity in gay lives today
Game without frontiers : football, identity and modernity
Delinquency, crime, and social process
Queens reigns supreme : Fat Cat, 50 Cent and The Rise of the Hip-hop Hustler
Fashion forever : 30 years of subculture
How to be chap : the surprisingly sophisticated habits, drinks and clothes of the modern gentleman
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
The subculture of violence : towards on integrated theory in criminology
Definition : the art and design of hip-hop
Goth's dark empire
Nuthin' but a 'G' thang : the culture and commerce of gangsta rap
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Living for kicks : a mods graphic novel
Delinquent boys : the culture of the gang
The last of the hippies
Nostalgia or perversion? : Gothic rewriting from the eighteenth century until the present day
Banksy : the man behind the wall
Fads, fashions and cults : from acid house to zoot suit - via existentialism and political correctness - the definitive guide to (post-) modern culture
Democracy in America
