http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p856 mass media
mass media
The shadow of a nation : how celebrity destroyed Britain
Chasing sustainability on the net : international research on 69 journalistic pure players and their business models
ʺUncharted territoriesʺ : various media impact on wine consumption : a study in Finnish wine purchasing behaviour
Media : communication and production : intermediate textbook ; Paul Kaspar ... [et al.] ; Tricia Jenkins (toim.)
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Media audiences in Ireland : power and cultural identity
The language of sport : observations on the spoken language of football commentary
The man who owns the news : inside the secret world of Rupert Murdoch
The politics of genocide and mass media in Rwanda
Towards a holistic interpretation of musical genre classification
Information and behavior : systems of influence
Media in transition : Russian papers presented at the 20th General Assembly and Scientific conference of the International Association for Mass Communication Research : 18-22 August 1996, Sydney, Australia
The media and the Falklands campaign
In your face : 9 sexual studies
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Postcolonial studies meets media studies : a critical encounter
Mass communications : a book for readings
Making it! : in the media, Finland
The unknown terrorist
New media : determinism or emancipation?
Understanding Chinese society
This volume examines the role and representation of 'race' and ethnicity in the media with particular emphasis on the United States. It highlights contemporary work that focuses on changing meanings of racial and ethnic identity as they are represented in the media; television and film, digital and print media are under examination. Through fourteen innovative and interdisciplinary case studies written by a team of internationally based contributors, the volume identifies ways in which ethnic, racial, and national identities have been produced, reproduced, stereotyped, and contested. It showcases new emerging theoretical approaches in the field, and pays particular attention to the role of race, ethnicity, and national identity, along with communal and transnational allegiances, in the making of identities in the media. The topics of the chapters range from immigrant newspapers and gangster cinema to ethnic stand-up comedy and the use of 'race' in advertising.
Health communication in the 21st century
America's mass media merchants
Mass media and adolescent schooling : conflict or co-existence?
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Mass media and communication strategies
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Africa reports on the Nigerian crisis : news, attitudes and background information : a study of press performance, government attitude to Biafra and ethno-political integration
Media studies : an introduction
Violence as communication : insurgent terrorism and the western news media
Picture this : media representations of visual art & artists
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
The copycat effect : how the media and popular culture trigger the mayhem in tomorrow's headlines
News media, crime and fear of violence
Media in Ireland : the search for diversity
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Unreliable sources : a guide to detecting bias in news media
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Media ethics : a Philosophical Approach
The age of behemoths : the globalization of mass media firms
Dynamics of television
The mass media
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Mèdyì ǔ postkamunìstyčnyh gramadztvah : ab'ektyǔnaâ ìnfarmacyâ suprac' ìdèalâgìčnyh skažèn'nâǔ : matèryâly mìžnarodnaj kanfèrèncyì, Mensk, 18-19 kastryčnìka 2002 g. = Media in post-communist societies : objective information vs. ideological bias : materials of the International conference, Minsk, 18-19 October 2002
Ethnic minorities and the media : changing cultural boundaries
Mass media V : an introduction to modern communication
A Route choice to television : cultural and audiovisual transformation in orienteering
Focal words on environmental issues : in a British tabloid and a quality newspaper
Communication and citizenship : journalism and the public sphere in the new media age
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
The blogization of journalism : how blogs politicize media and social space in Russia
Effective media relations : how to get results
Science and the mass media
A disturbed student shoots up his classroom -- and suddenly a wave of mass murder is sweeping through our nation's schools. A young child is taken from her home -- and for months afterward child abductions are frantically reported on an almost daily basis. A surfer is attacked by a shark -- and the public spends an entire summer fearing an onslaught of the deadly underwater predators. Why do the terrible events we see in the media always seem to lead to more of the same? Noted author and cultural behaviorist Loren Coleman explores how the media's over-saturated coverage of murders, suicides, and deadly tragedies makes an impact on our society. This is The Copycat Effect -- the phenomenon through which violent events spawn violence of the same type. From recognizing the emerging patterns of the Copycat Effect, to how we can deal with and counteract its consequences as individuals and as a culture, Loren Coleman has uncovered a tragic flaw of the information age -- a flaw which must be corrected before the next ripples of violence spread.
The media and social theory
Construing and defining the out of control : addiction in the media 1968-2008
The nightly news
Bending reality : the state of the media
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference 2003
Now in a fully revised and updated edition, this concise and insightful book explores the ways American popular products such as movies, music, television programs, fast food, sports, and even clothing styles have molded and continue to influence modern globalization. Lane Crothers offers a thoughtful examination of both the appeal of American products worldwide and the fear and rejection they induce in many people and nations around the world. The author defines what we mean by "popular culture," how popular culture is distinguished from the generic concept of "culture," and what constitutes "American" popular culture. Tracing how U.S. movies, music, and TV became dominant in world popular culture, Crothers also considers the ways in which non-visual products like fast-food franchises, sports, and fashion have become ubiquitous. He also presents a fascinating set of case studies that highlight the varied roles American products play in a range of different nations and communities. Concluding with a projection of the future impact of American popular culture, this book makes a powerful argument for its central role in shaping global politics and economic development.
The press of Africa : persecution and perseverance
Mass media in the USSR
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume I, A-D
Feedback
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
Policing desire : pornography, AIDS and the media
In the limelight and under the microscope : forms and functions of female celebrity
Strategic management in the media : from theory to practice
Finnish summary.
Television and Fertility
Black transparency is an involuntary disclosure of secrets against a backdrop of systematic online surveillance, as large parts of contemporary life move into the digital realm. Black transparency, as a radical form of information democracy, has brought forward a new sense of unpredictability to international relations, and raises questions about the conscience of the whistleblower, whose personal politics are now instantly geopolitical. Empowered by networks of planetary-scale computation, disclosures today take on an unprecedented scale and immediacy. Difficult to contain and even harder to prevent, black transparency does not merely create openness, order, and clarity; rather, it triggers chaos, stirring the currents of a darker and more mercurial world. Metahaven was founded in 2007 by Vinca Kruk and Daniel van der Velden. In Black Transparency - part essay, part fanzine - Metahaven embark on a journey of subversion, while examining transparency's intersections with design, architecture, and pop culture, as well as its ability to unravel the circuitry of modern power.
Screening the public sphere : media and democracy in India
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
The media today and tomorrow
Selling electronic media
Blackout
Who owns the media? : concentration of ownership in the mass communications industry
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
Newspapers in Denmark
The two faces of TASS
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
Discrimination and popular culture
Trade unions and the media
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Television and 'the North'
The semantics of media
On the cusp of postwar modernization : Americanization, international culture, and gender roles in Finnish commercials, 1955-1975
Strikes and the media : communication and conflict
Challenges of Russian-speaking radio in Finland : case study: Radio Sputnik
The media and political violence
Understanding media and culture : an introduction to mass communication
Media and culture : an introduction to mass communication
Mind-based media and communications technologies : how the form of symbolical information influences felt meaning
Mass media in society : the need of research
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
Gale Directory of Publications and Broadcast Media 1996
Mapping media and communication research : the Netherlands
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
The last year of Maxwell's life was a hectic struggle for pleasure, power and survival. Within that period all Maxwell's strengths and weakness were exemplified - outwardly his empire was at the height of its glory - but the secrets about fraud and lies were about to be revealed. This is his story.
Development communication and media debate
An arm of democracy for promoting human rights or simple rhetoric? : media developments and communication competence in eastern and southern Africa in the 1990s
It ain't half racist, mum : fighting racism in the media
Featuring a wide range of exercises, examples, and images, this textbook provides a practical way of analysing the discourses of the global media industries. Building on a comprehensive introduction to the history and theory of global media communication, specific case studies of lifestyle and entertainment media are explored with examples from films, global women's magazines, Vietnamese news reporting and computer war games. Finally this book investigates how global media communication is produced, looking at the formats, languages and images used in creating media materials, both globally and in localised forms. At a time when the media is becoming increasingly global, often with the same films, news and television programmes shown all over the world; "Global Media Discourse" provides an accessible, lively introduction into how globalisation is changing the language and communicative practices of the media. Integrating a range of approaches, including political economy, discourse analysis and ethnography, this book will be of particular interest to students of media and communication studies, applied linguistics, and (critical) discourse analysis.
Asian media productions
A Google executive once said: "If you want to liberate a society just give them the Internet." But how does one liberate a society that already has the Internet? Publicly, modern government adheres to the twin ideals of institutional transparency and personal privacy. In reality, while citizens are subjected to mass surveillance, government practice goes unchecked. A new generation has taken to the Internet to defend the right to governance without secrets. From Bradley Manning and WikiLeaks to LulzSec and Anonymous, from the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative to the revelations of Edward Snowden, a coalition is breaking through the secrecy that lies at the core of the modern state. The story gets more complex when open government is contrasted with black transparency, and when a geopolitical rift between the West and Russia becomes the dividing line for whistleblowers and transparency activists seeking refuge. What is transparency for one may be propaganda for the other.
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume II, E-K
Digital futures for cultural and media studies
A cognitive psychology of mass communication
Mass media, violence and society
The role of the media
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
The international encyclopedia of communication
Mass communications and youth : some current perspectives
Media and politics in new democracies : Europe in a comparative perspective
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
European media policy for the twenty-first century : assessing the past, setting agendas for the future
Closing the shop : information cartels and Japan's mass media
There is no such thing as a free press : and we need one more than ever
Very British murder : the story of a national obsession
Access : technology and access to communications media
Black transparency : the right to know in the age of mass surveillance
Also they have a meaning
Media ownership : the economics and politics of convergence and concentration in the UK and European media
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Mediated music makers : constructing author images in popular music
Getting the message : news, truth and power
Art and mass media
Spending advertising money in the digital age : how to navigate the media flow
Mapping communication and media research : conjunctures, institutions, challenges
Executive summary.
World of media : yearbook of Russian media and journalism studies
New media language
The new media handbook
The media & business contracts handbook
The effective use of advertising media : a practical handbook
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Representing order : crime, law, and justice in the news media
The media in the core of political conflict : Venezuela during the last years of Hugo Chávez's presidency
Media, persuasion and propaganda
The political economy of international communications : foundations for the emerging global debate about media ownership and regulation
Media and morality : on the rise of the mediapolis
Mass communication theory : foundations, ferment, and future
Mapping media and communication research : Belgium
Terrorism and the media
Putin's propaganda machine : soft power and Russian foreign policy
The mind managers
Hope and despair : representations of Europe and Africa  in Finnish news coverage of “migration crisis”
Preserving media independence : regulatory frameworks
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume III, L-O
Mass media and national development : the role of information in the developing countries
Irish media : a critical history since 1922
Media and cultural studies: keyworks
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
The book brings together experts from Media and Communication Studies with Postcolonial Studies scholars to illustrate how the two fields may challenge and enrich each other. Its essays introduce readers to selected topics including »Media Convergence«, »Transcultural Subjectivity«, »Hegemony«, »Piracy« and »Media History and Colonialism«. Drawing on examples from film, literature, music, TV and the internet, the contributors investigate the transnational dimensions in today's media, engage with local and global media politics and discuss media outlets as economic agents, thus illustrating mechanisms of power in postcolonial and neo-colonial mediascapes.
Four theories of the press
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Media effects research : a basic overview
Media law for producers
Introduction to advertising media : research, planning, and buying
World press trends
Mass media and the Caribbean
FEEDBACK is a full-length Newsflesh novel which overlaps the events of the acclaimed and New York Times bestselling novel FEED. For the first time it reveals what happened from the perspective of reporters covering the Democrats' side of the story. There are two sides to every story...The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beat the common cold. But in doing so we unleashed something horrifying and unstoppable. The infection spread leaving those afflicted with a single uncontrollable impulse: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, a team of scrappy underdog reporters relentlessly pursue the truth while competing against the superstar Masons, surrounded by the infected, and facing more insidious forces working in the shadows.
Violence and the mass media
The Republican noise machine : right-wing media and how it corrupts democracy
Reconceptualising the media audience : towards an ethnography of audiences
Media system of Finland
Anti-Jewish attitudes in the Arabic media, 1975-1981
Growth and dynamics of maturing new media companies
Whose news? : the media and women's issues
Mass communications
Handbook of mass media ethics
World magazine trends
The suffocation of Hong Kong : decline of press freedom since the 1997 handover
Language, gender and power : the politics of representation and hegemony in South Asia
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Baltic media book. 1999.
Marginal conventions : popular culture, mass media and social deviance
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Press directory Finland. 2006
We can't do this alone : Jefferson Hack the system
Women and media decision making : the invisible barriers
Handbook of sports and media
Globalization and American popular culture
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Mediapolitik : how the mass media have transformed world politics
This report outlines how online-based journalistic startups have created their economical locker in the evolving media ecology. The research introduces the ways that startups have found sustainability in the markets of nine countries. The work is based on 69 case studies from Europe, USA and Japan.     The case analysis shows that business models can be divided into two groups. The storytelling-oriented business models are still prevalent in our findings. These are the online journalistic outlets that produce original content – news and stories for audiences. But the other group, service-oriented business models, seems to be growing. This group consists of sites that don't try to monetize the journalistic content as such but rather focuson carving out new functionality.     The project was able to identify several revenue sources: advertising, paying for content, affiliate marketing, donations, selling data or services, organizing events, freelancing and training or selling merchandise. Where it was hard to evidence entirely new revenue sources, it was however possible to find new ways in which revenue sources have been combined or reconfigured. The report also offers practical advice for those who are planning to start their own journalistic site.
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
EMTEL II research (European media technology and everyday life network) : diasporic minorities and their media in the EU : a mapping
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume IV, P-Z
The crisis of public communication
Maxwell : the final verdict
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
The Television Handbook
Arab cultural studies : mapping the field
Mass media statistics
Man (dis)connected : how the digital age is changing young men forever
Media, process, and the social construction of crime : studies in newsmaking criminology
Reader in public opinion and communication
Digital militarism : Israel's occupation in the social media age
The daily miracle : an introduction to journalism
Role of the Estonian Russian-language media in the integration of the Russian-speaking minority into Estonian society
Personal influence : the part played by people in the flow of mass communications
South Africa media policy : debates of the 1990s
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Medias et apprentissage des langues = The media and foreign language learning = Die Medien und Fremdsprachenlernen
The Palestinian question and its coverage by Palestinian and Syrian media after september 11, 2001
Tracking effectiveness of media campaigns
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Youth media
Rethinking media pluralism : a critique of theories and policy discourses
Only connect : a cultural history of broadcasting in the United States
Global media discourse : a critical introduction
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
Sport and the media : managing the nexus
Communication power
Mass communication : principles and practices
Media history and the archive
Israel's occupation has been transformed in the social media age. Violent politics are interwoven with global networking practices, protocols, and aesthetics. Israeli soldiers carry smartphones into the field of military operations, sharing mobile uploads in real time. Official Israeli military spokesmen announce wars on Twitter. And civilians encounter state violence first on their news feeds and mobile screens. Across the globe, the ordinary tools of social networking have become indispensable instruments of warfare and violent conflict. This book traces the rise of Israeli digital militarism in a global context—both the reach of social media into Israeli military theaters and the occupation's impact on everyday Israeli social media culture. Today, social media functions as a crucial theater in which the Israeli military occupation is supported and sustained.
Perfect PR
Baltic media book. 1998.
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Media, monarchy and power
In the camera's eye
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
Media and political crisis in Somalia
Power play : sport, the media and popular culture
On the discursive construction of corruption : a critical analysis of media texts
The master switch : the rise and fall of information empires
Nordicom review : Journal from the Nordic Information Centre for Media and Communication Research
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
Development communication policy and economic fundamentalism in Ghana
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
Racial and ethnic identities in the media
Media, minds and men : a history of media in Sweden
