http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8562 households (organisations)
households (organisations)
Eight London households
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
This book analyzes the family and residential trajectories of men and women across the twentieth century, which are placed in a long-term generational perspective and in the historical context where they played out. It brings together a set of studies based on data from the Biographies et Entourage (Life Event Histories and Entourage) survey conducted by the Institut National dEtudes Dm̌ographiques (INED) on a representative sample of nearly 3,000 residents of the Paris region born between 1930 and 1950. Inside, readers will discover an insightful analysis of the family that moves away from such traditional concepts as the household or main residence and proposes new ones like the entourage and the residential system. This innovative approach to the family network describes an affective and residential proximity that takes into account the relatives and close friends who have played or continue to play a role in an individual's life.The book first presents a detailed analysis of the Biographies et Entourage survey respondents' parental universe and proposes a practical approach to the notion of parenthood that reveals the family and non-family resources available to individuals. Next, it describes the evolution of the respondents' family networks, both in and beyond the household, and details how these family circles shape their subjective judgments during childhood, adolescence, and adult life. Coverage then goes on to examine the family ties of older adults, the role of grandparents and step-families, the importance of family spaces including often frequented places, and inter-generational family solidarity. Families extend well beyond the walls of the home. Interpersonal relations are constructed throughout the life course and in all the settings where they play out. This book takes this new family reality into account and traces its dynamics across time and space.It provides essential tools for researchers looking to conduct life event history surveys and to develop innovative areas of research in the social sciences.
Personal report concerning the study programmes at Latvia University of Agriculture (LLU)
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life
Economic education for consumers
Understanding consumption
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Summary. - Résumé. - Resumen.
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Family Beyond Household and Kin : Life Event Histories and Entourage, a French Survey
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Techno-economic pre-feasibility study of wind and solar electricity generating systems for households in Central Finland
Towards low carbon cities in China : urban form and greenhouse gas emissions
Prices on the second-hand market for Swedish family houses : correlation, causation and determinants
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1966 = Household survey for 1966. 1, Tekstiosa = Textvolume
Mind, society and behavior
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Crossing the boundary between private and public : methodological challenges of studying activities in homes (the case of laundry work)
Religion and the household : papers read at the 2012 summer meeting and the 2013 winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Soceity
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Households̕ consumption
Money saving handbook
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Conclusions (s. 179-207).
Namu̜ ūkiu̜ pajamos ir išlaidos 1997 metais = Household income and expenditure in 1997.
The world distribution of household wealth
Chinese household furniture
"Japan was the first Asian country to become a mature industrial society, and throughout the 1970s and the 1980s, was viewed as an "all-middle-class society". However since the 1990s there have been growing doubts as to the real degree of social equality in Japan, particularly in the context of dramatic demographic shifts as the population ages whilst fertility levels continue to fall. This book compares Japan with America, Britain, Italy, France, Germany, Sweden and Taiwan in order to determine whether inequality really is a social problem in Japan. With a focus on impact demographic shifts, Sawako Shirahase examines female labour market participation, income inequality among households with children, the state of the family, generational change, single person households and income distribution among the aged, and asks whether increasing inequality and is uniquely Japanese, or if it is a social problem common across all of the societies included in this study. Crucially, this book shows that Japan is distinctive not in terms of the degree of inequality in the society, but rather, in how acutely inequality is perceived. Further, the data shows that Japan differs from the other countries examined in terms of the gender gap in both the labour market and the family, and in inequality among single-person households - single men and women, including lifelong bachelors and spinsters - and also among single parent households, who pay a heavy price for having deviated from the expected pattern of life in Japan. Drawing on extensive empirical data, this book will be of great interest to students and scholars interested in Japanese culture and society, Japanese studies and social policy more generally"--
Finnish household consumption in monetary and physical terms : trends and clarifications
Creating and transforming households : the constraints of the world-economy
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Household and family economics
The future of water : a startling look ahead
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Patterns in household demand and saving
Development of a household data base in Finland
Forgotten ways for modern days : kitchen cures and household lore for a natural home and garden
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Case study on the influence of repetition on household cleaning
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Household politics : conflict in early modern England
This Reader brings together a broad range of critical work on on the everday practices and power relations of domestic consumption -drawing on material from sociology, women's studies and media and cultural studies. The book is divided into five main sections - on economics, food and clothing, leisure and media reception, household technologies, and the construction of home - and its selcted contributions examine the social dynamics of gender: generation, class and ethnicisty.
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Family budgets : comparative tables 1988 : all households : Denmark, Greece, France, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands = Budgets familiaux : tableaux comparatifs 1988 : ensemble des ménages : Danemark, Gréce, France, Irlande, Luxembourg, Pays-Bas
Handbook of household surveys
Home economics - a challenge for better life
The death of inflation : surviving and thriving in the zero era
Kitchen - a fascinating classroom : home economics as contextualized content for CLIL class, a material package
How to get it wrong in rural Uzbekistan : an ethnographic critique of household survey categories
Social inequality in Japan
Journal of dairy science
The Gentle art of domesticity
The account books of the Reimarus family of Hamburg, 1728-1780 : turf and tailors, books and beer
Options for building a satellite account for the measurement of household production
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Consumer education & economics
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
The housewares story : a history of the American housewares industry
Households on the moral architecture of the economy
The ability to predict future income is essential for the wellbeing of households. While there have been no major changes in Finnish households' income uncertainty over the past 25 years or so, there would appear to be some ingrained differences across population groups. Income uncertainty has been higher for the less educated than for the highly educated, while risks to the income of the self-employed are high relative to their expected income development. Public transfers have moderated the risks associated with earnings development, notably for the less educated. The significance of public transfer schemes for levelling out income development becomes more apparent as the population ages, with a larger share of the population reliant on public transfers to make ends meet..
Introducing dry toilet technology to households : case: Ho Municipality in Ghana
The henhouse : don't let them steal your golden eggs
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
The choice of heating systems and fuels by households in Finland
An econometric analysis of time use in Finnish households
The fiftieth volume of Studies in Church History explores the theme 'Religion and the Household'. Comprising papers and communications presented at the annual conferences of the Ecclesiastical History Society in 2012-2013, the volume explores the household from different angles: as a physical location and setting for collective prayer and personal meditation; as a network of people bound together by ties of kinship, emotion, service and obligation; and as a metaphor and symbol of structures and systems of authority that operated essentially outside it. The essays include explorations of the role of the family and household throughout Christian history as well as in other religious traditions, especially Islam and Judaism. Contributions show how the domestic sphere has sustained Christian practice and furthered the spread of Christianity but also how it has contributed to the marginalization of the Church and the rise of secularism. Reflecting growing awareness of the complex relationship between public and private spaces, the volume is an important contribution to research into the family and household as a locus of doctrine and piety.
12th Congress of the International Federation for Home Economics, Helsinki, July 23-29, 1972 : final report
Consumption and asset allocation over the life cycle
Gender aspects of integrated water resources management : the report on gender surveys in representative households in republics: Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality if life while actually spending less
Human resources research, 1887-1987 : proceedings
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
Transformation process in Estonia : a challenge for social policy
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
Gone with the wind? ; immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
Comparison of heat pump system and boiler plant for one-family house : Heat sources in one-family house
Deaf people in the community : demographics of the deaf Community in the UK
French household cooking : with recipes from the best chefs of Paris
Credit and debt : the PSI report
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
New infotainment technologies in the home : demand-side perspectives
Essays on energy demand and household energy choice
Testing the predictions of the Obstfeld : Rogoff model on spillover effects of consumpion shocks
Household debt - how much is too much?
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Household resource management systems : a challenge for the 1990's : a research symposium, June 6-8, 1990 : research papers
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Housing in european cities : statistical comparisons
Rural households and resource allocation for development : an ecosystem perspective
Manual 2000 : life choices for the future you want
"This book explores the relationship between urban form and greenhouse gas emissions in China, providing new insights for policy, urban planning and management. Drawing on the results of a four-year multidisciplinary research project, the book examines how factors such as urban households' access to services and jobs, land use mixes and provision of public transport impact on greenhouse gas emissions. The authors analyse data from a wide range of sources including 4677 sample households from four major Chinese cities--Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan and Xi'an--with diverse locations, urban spatial structures and population sizes. The book explores residents' attitudes to reducing GHG emissions and advances knowledge relating to three environmental scales--cross-metropolitan, intra-city and neighbourhood level. It also contributes to debates on low carbon policy by revealing the relevance of urban planning parameters at both the macro and micro levels. The book will be of interest to scholars in the areas of urban planning, urban management, environmental sustainability and resource utilisation, as well as urban policy makers and planners who are working toward developing low carbon, sustainable cities of the future" -- Provided by publisher.
The essential guide to home networking technologies
Going to market : women, trade and social relations in early-modern English towns, c. 1550-1650
Portfolio allocation over the life cycle : evidence from Swedish household data
Valuing children : rethinking the economics of the family
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
Education and age ease uncertainty of income development
Reasons not to move to the country : one woman's calamitous attempt to live the rural dream
Forward-looking decision making : dynamic-programming models applied to health, risk, employment, and financial stability
Handling household survey non-response data
Food safe kitchens : presenting eight food-safe steps : written expressly for the home cook
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Consumer behavior
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Vulnerability and the art of protection : embodiment and health care in Moroccan households
Re-drawing boundaries : work, households, and gender in China
Permanent income hypothesis and saving in Finland
Inflation, capital markets and household saving in Nordic countries
Gender and education as determinants of household poverty in Nigeria
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Summary: Household consumption expenditure 1990.
Consumption and the transformation of everyday life : a view from South India
"Domestic and caregiving work has been at the core of human existence throughout history. Poorly paid or even unpaid, this work has been assigned to women in most societes and occasionally to men often as enslaved, indentures, 'adopted' workers. Societies and states set the discriminatory rules, those employed develop strategies of resistance or self-protection (Part One). While some use domestic service as training for their own future independent households, others are confined to it for life and try to avoid damage to their identities (Part Two). Employment conditions are even worse in colonizer-colonized dichotomies, in which the subalternized have to run the households of administrators who believe they are running an empire (Part Three). A team of international scholars addresses these issues globally with a deep historical background. Contributors are: Ally Shireen, Eileen Boris, Dana Cooper, Jennifer Fish, David R. Goodman, Mary Gene De Guzman, Jaira Harrington, Victoria Haskins, Dirk Hoerder, Elizabeth Hordge-Freeman, Majda Hrženjak, Elizabeth Hutchison, Dimitris Kalantzopoulos, Bela Kashyap, Marta Kindler, Anna Kordasiewicz, Ms Lokesh, Sabrina Marchetti, Robyn Pariser, Jessica Richter, Magaly Rodríguez García, Raffaella Sarti, Adéla Souralová, Yukari Takai, and Andrew Urban"--Provided by publisher.
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
prospects for household characteristics and the structure of private consumption in Finland
Household saving and uncertainty : evidence from Finland
Not only for school, but for everyday life : the second Finnish dissertation majoring home economics
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Value of household production in Finland and Germany : analysis and recalculation of the household Satellite Account System in both countries
The pedagogical development of an international teacher in the cultural context of Finnish CLIL home economics
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
House prices, household saving and financial market liberalization in Finland
Do households have rational expectations on future consumption? : Evidence from the Finnish Consumer Survey
The best of Make
Household saving in Sweden and its composition : an empirical analysis
Inconsistency in Savings Pattern : Is there an Endogeneity Bias?
Is hair dryer technical? : gender and household technology
Family resource management
The implication of employee stock opinion and holding gains for disposable income and household saving rates in Finland
Handbook of nonresponse in household surveys
Challenges to research, education and policy making. Part 1, Implications on education and research
Saving the planet without costing the earth : : 500 simple steps to a greener lifestyle
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Taxation, house prices and househould saving in the Nordic countries
Increased energy efficiency and the rebound effect : effects on consumption and emissions
Studying human action in the household - the contribution of contextual approaches
Determinants of Finnish households' travel participation in 1985 and 2006
Social exclusion in Great Britain : an empirical investigation and comparison with the EU
An Edwardian housewife's companion : a guide for the perfect home
The get yourself organized project : 21 steps to less mess and stress
The domestic domain : changes, choices and strategies of family households
Tulonjakotilasto = Inkomstfördelningsstatistik = Income distribution statistics. 2002.
Summary.
Saving energy to protect the nature, but monitoring to reduce the bill : experiences from Adjutantti
Household saving, interest rates, inflation and taxation : some cross-country evidence
International differences in saving rates and the life cycle hypothesis : a comment
Does government and corporate saving influence household saving in Finland?
Tulonjakotilasto 2003 = Inkomstfördelningsstatistik = Income distribution statistics
Standard budgets and household economy : report from a seminar on Nordic models for household budgeting in St Petersburg, 14-16 October 2001.
Bringing feminism home : home economics and the Hestian connection
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Beyond the resources of poverty : gecekondu living in the Turkish capital
Life-cycle profiles of consumption and income : an analysis of the Finnish household budget surveys in 1966-90
Making it : radical home ec for a post-consumer world
The pioneers of development economics : great economists on development
Capital market imperfections : taxation and household saving
The budget kit : the common cents money management workbook
The statistical evidence on care and non-care work across six countries
The Chemistry of cooking and cleaning : a manual for house keepers
Economic principles of consumption
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1966 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1966 = Household survey for 1966. 2, Liitetaulukko-osa = Tabellbilaga = Supplementary tables
Household over-indebtedness in the EU : the role of informal debts
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
How to be a home economics teacher
The economics of consumer credit
Household production in OECD countries : data sources and measurement methods
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
SELF-DESIGNED WASTEWATER TREATMENT SYSTEM FOR DOMESTIC WASTEWATER : Wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer networks in Kokkola
Towards a global history of domestic and caregiving workers
Personal wealth from a global perspective
Excavations at San José Mogote 1 : the household archaeology
European seminar on household economics
Inequality in five countries in the 1980's : the role of demographic shifts, markets and government policies
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
Dr Graham Lawler's Back to the black : how to get out of debt and stay out of debt
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
The family economy : nature and management of resources
Social networks and their economics : influencing consumer choice
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
The politics of domestic consumption : critical readings
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
Oikos - domus - household : the many lives of a common word
The future of housing markets : a new appraisal
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Household economics and the Asian family
One country, many housing markets
Nonparametric estimates of age profiles of household income, consumption, direct taxes and public transfers
Households' assets
Vaihtopiiritoiminnan ensiaskeleita Suomessa = First steps of local exchange activity in Finland
Beyond caste : identity and power in South Asia, past and present
Pastoralism and development in Africa : dynamic change at the margins
I will teach you to be rich
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Peruvian street lives : culture, power, and economy among market women of Cuzco
Current income and private consumption - saving decisions : testing the finite horizon model
Home networking technologies and standards
Family indicators
Women, agricultural intensification, and household food security : proceedings of the workshop Women, Agricultural Intensification and Household Food Security, held at the Sasakawa Centre, University of Cape Coast, Ghana, 25-28 June 1996
Taxation and household saving in the Nordic countries
Journal of family and economic issues
Byways or highways - where is home economics education going?
International perspectives on nonresponse : proceedings of the Sixth International Workshop on Household Survey Nonresponse, 25-27 October 1995
Conservation agreements with household : DSM taken a step further
Household incomes in urban and rural Malaysia
