http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8560 households (groups)
households (groups)
The household : informal order around the hearth
The McDonaldization of society
The Taste of Ireland : Landscape, Culture & food
The sociology of food : eating, diet and culture
Globesity, food marketing and family lifestyles
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : France / Sally Adamson Taylor
Summary: Household consumption expenditure 1990.
The taste for civilization : food, politics, and civil society
Around the Roman table : with more than 150 original recipes
Culture Shock! Malaysia
Pure : food, style and odd stories from the top of the world
Recipes for Russia : food and nationhood under the tsars
The cultural feast : an introduction to food and society
Culture shock! : Finland
Abstract in english.
Food. Volume 3, the social relations of food
Summary.
Voluntary guidelines to support the progressive realization of the right to adequate food in the context of national food security
Cuisine : a survival guide to finnish  for businesspeople
Mcdonaldization : the reader
Fed up : women and food in America
Enchanting Australia
Republic of Namibia : Living conditions in Namibia. Basic description with highlights. The 1993/1994 Namibia household income and expenditure survey. Main report
Culture shock! : Czech Republic
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
Feeding the Roman army : the archaeology of production and supply in NW Europe
Food and society
Culture Shock! : China
Food and civilization : Voice of America forum lectures
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Venezuela
English summary.
Geoponica : farm work : a modern translation of the Roman and Byzantine farming handbook
Food security and food safety = La sécurité alimentaire
"This book examines the public controversies surrounding lifestyle risks in the consumer society. Comparing news coverage of the globesity pandemic in Britain and the USA, it illustrates the way moral panic brought childrens food marketing to the centre of the policy debates about consumer lifestyles"--
The McDonaldization of society 6
Working papers in economic sociology : economic and sociological studies in turbulent times
Putting Jesus in his place : a radical vision of household and kingdom
Find out about Finland
The British Museum cookbook
Food and society in classical antiquity
Family and friends in eighteenth-century England : household, kinship, and patronage
Meals in a social context : aspects of the communal meal in the Hellenistic and Roman world
The archaeology of household activities
Cooking, cuisine and class : a study in comparative sociology
The vegetarian : a novel
Peruvian street lives : culture, power, and economy among market women of Cuzco
Food, people, and society : a European perspective of consumers' food choices
Culture Shock! : Nepal
The McDonaldization of society : an investigation into the changing character of contemporary social life
Middle Eastern cooking
The Mcdonaldization of society
Maakunnan maut : keskisuomalaisen keittiön parhaat makuelämykset : the taste of Central Finland = Regional recipes
Tasting food, tasting freedom : excursions into eating, culture, and the past
Food, Culture and Community
Culture shock! : Ireland
Kotitalouksien kulutusmenot 1996 = Hushållens konsumtionsutgifter 1996 = Household consumption expenditure 1996.
Food in contemporary society
Roman dining : a special issue of American journal of philology
Spanish cooking : a fiesta of original regional recipes
America's regional cookbook
Cuisines of the axis of evil and other irritating states : a dinner party approach to international relations
Culture shock! : Korea
Food marketing and urban growth in Dar Es Salaam
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Around the Roman table
Increasing food security for all? : challenges of strengthening food security of a Cambodian village
Resisting McDonaldization
The core city and the periphery of the Helsinki region in a European comparison
Food and nutrition : customs and culture
Brazilian food : race, class and identity in regional cuisines
Thailand : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Plenty and want : a social history of diet in England from 1815 to the present day
Opportunity or compulsion?  : domestic servants in urban communities in the eighteenth century
Game dishes of Finland, Karelia and Petsamo
Food for the soul or the soul for food : users' perspectives on religiously affliliated food charity in a Finnish city
Republic of Namibia : 1991 population and housing census : basic analysis with highlights
Faces of Finland
Households : comparative and historical studies of the domestic group
Culture shock! : Hungary
Food consumption in global perspective : essays in the anthropology of food in honour of Jack Goody
A classical text from the Byzantine Renaissance containing a collection of classical and post-classical agricultural works.
Food & society : principles and paradoxes
