http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8577 child welfare institutions
child welfare institutions
Making residential care work : structure and culture in children's homes
Neglected : true stories of children's search for love in and out of the care system
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Lost to the state : family discontinuity, social orphanhood, and residential care in the Russian Far East
Rights of children at risk and in care
Peer violence in children's residential care
Recent Changes and New Trens in Extrafamilial Child Care : An International Perspective
Working with children in care : European perspectives
Children without permanent parents : research, practice, and policy
During the last decade there have been major advances in research in child welfare, the largest specialty within social work. The focus of this research has been on improving current child welfare practices and programs that protect children from abuse and neglect. The major policy and program changes in the child welfare system have been guided by these research studies, spurred by federal and state emphasis on monitoring child welfare outcomes and identifying best practices. This landmark collection gathers those research developments- and how they have been translated into policies, programs, and practice- in a single volume for the first time. Duncan Lindsey, one of the nation's foremost child welfare scholars, and Aron Shlonsky have assembled a case of the giants in the field who analyze developments in adoption, foster care, risk assessment, CPS work, welfare reform, poverty, decision making, and epidemiological studies. The final section of the book details new approaches to programs designed to combat child maltreatment and child poverty.
Facing forward : residential child care in the 21st century
Miss America
Alternatives to institutional child care : report of the workshop for Central and Eastern Europe
Residential child care : prospects and challenges
Daughters of penitence : Vuorela State Reform School and the construction of reformatory identity, 1893-1923
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Residential child care : collaborative practice
Children going home : the re-unification of families
Dimensions of substitute child care : a comparative study of foster and residential care practice
Child welfare research : advances for practice and policy
This book positions inquiries into the historical abuse of children in care within the context of transitional justice. It examines investigation, apology and redress processes across a range of Western nations to trace the growth of the movement, national particularities and the impact of the work on professionals involved.
By focusing on one particular re-education institution, this book offers a multifaceted analysis of practices of diagnosis and curing what was defined as «delinquency, criminality or disorderly behaviour at the turn of the twentieth century. The study provides an important corrective to the existing accounts of re-education by proposing an approach in which institutional practices are analysed both from above and from below. The book draws attention to the process of reforming identities - the construction of reformatory identities - as the core of residential re-education. Special emphasis is placed on the interplay of notions of gender and social background. The book is based on extensive archival research drawing from a wide range of new and neglected sources. The primary material includes a unique collection of documents produced by the girls of the Vuorela State Reform School in Finland. Narrative analysis of correspondence, and careful scrutiny of the official sources created for re-educational purposes, form a basis for the investigation of the interaction between pupils' own self-expression and the aims of re-education in the construction of reformed identities. The practices developed in Finland are carefully contextualised in the European history of re-education.
My view of my children's home
Babies and young children in care : life pathways, decision-making and practice
Tainted love
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
Violations of trust : how social and welfare institutions fail children and young people
Standards of excellence for residential group care services
Psychosocial problems of children placed in children's homes
Social work with looked after children
European and Russian child welfare : English summary of the compatibility study
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Locking up children : secure provision within the child-care system
Another kind of home : a review of residential child care
Apologies and the legacy of abuse of children in care : international perspectives
Constructing reformatory identity : girls' reform school education in Finland, 1893-1923
The K. School : residential management of troublesome girls in transition-time Estonia
Neglected children : issues and dilemmas
