http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8575 shopping
shopping
The hunt Berlin
Secondhand and vintage New York
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Who ever heard of a tiger in a pink hat?!
Why customers really buy : uncovering the emotional triggers that drive sales
The London market guide
The brain sell : when science meets shopping : how the new mind sciences and the persuasion industry are reading our thoughts, influencing our emotions and stimulating us to shop
Creating entrepreneurial opportunities : interpretative research about role of POP Advertising Displays in customer purchase decision making
Consumer evolution : nine effective strategies for driving business growth
A customer survey of online shopping : case company www.Taobao.com
Secondhand and vintage Paris
I shop, therefore I am : compulsive buying and the search for self
Shopportunity! : how to be a retail revolutionary
Consumption intensified : the politics of middle-class daily life in Brazil
Why we shop : emotional rewards and retail strategies
Tourism in the Muslim world
Trading places : Europe's finest specialist shops
Smart Shoppers in Finland: New shopping attitude and response of retailers
Internet direct mail : the complete guide to successful e-mail marketing campaigns
Fashion insiders' guide : New York
Shopping in the eighties : a guide to sources of information
Analysing the competitive environment : the perspective of high street fashion brand Bershka
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Suzy Gershman's born to shop London : the ultimate guide for people who love to shop
Why people buy things they don't need
Chicken clicking
Recreational shopping : the role of the basic emotional dimensions of personality
Parisian Chic City Guide
How to spend less without being miserable
Shopaholic
"You are where you shop" : channel associations and the drivers of cross-channel variation in shopping behavior
Taschen's New York : hotels, restaurants & shops
Parisian chic : a style guide
Fairy shopping
London's best shops & markets
Shopaholic & sister
Consumer direct : shopping in the new millennium : a collaborative r-[at]-volution
One : a consumer revolution for business
Modeling consumer adoption of the internet as a shopping medium : an integrated perspective
Bulgaria : a book about Helsinki : you should be here!
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
Fashion insiders' guide : Paris
Moo la la! : cow goes shopping
The art of shopping : how we shop and why we buy
How to shop with Mary, queen of shops
Confessions of a shopaholic
Consumption and everyday life
Bridget Jones's diary
Factors affecting customer's buying behaviour at Uniq Clothing
E-Services : opportunities and threats ; journal of value chain management ; vol. 1, No. 1/2 (special issue)
Impulse buying behavior at airport : multi-attribute framework examining the impact of psychological and situational factors
Fashionista
The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
The thrift book : live well and spend less
Shanghai shopping and food guide
Carried away : the invention of modern shopping
Mystery shopping : 2-volume set
My granny went to market : a round-the-world counting rhyme
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Shopaholic & Sister
Consumer online impulsive buying : elements of typology
Copenhagen style guide : eat, sleep, shop
Comparison - shopping services and agent designs
Where there is capitalism, there shall be addiction
Impact of online pre-purchase search on consumer satisfaction
How to give up shopping (or at least cut down) : the journey back to conscious spending
Not buying it : my year without shopping
The secret shopper's revenge
The purpose of this thesis was to identify current problems of existing web-stores, find solutions and extract the best practises that can be applied to specifically web-store design.    Exploratory research method was applied in this study. The study was carried using literal/ online sources and a survey. The survey was sent to all students of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied sciences and 301 responces were received.    The study revealed that the core problems with web-store design are that the industry's focus is on development and forgets some fundamental rules, such as, usability studies. In addition, the study stresses on how important and vital users' opinions are for the success of a web-store. Furthermore, survey results indicated dissatisfaction of users with some common web-store design practices, such as, advertising and subscription practices.    The results of the study were the discovered best practices for web-store design. The study concludes that due to the growing demand regarding user needs, further studies on web-store design need to be conducted.
The holiday goddess handbag guide to Paris, New York, London and Rome
Ticket to Love
Shops and shopping 1800-1914 : where, and in what manner the well-dressed Englishwoman bought her clothes
The secret shopper affair
Point of purchase : how shopping changed American culture
Shopping in Marrakech
Mini Shopaholic
Dimensions influencing online shopping behavior
Confessions of a shopaholic : previously published as The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
Sparkling waterways, world-famous architecture, friendly, good-looking, effortlessly well-dressed people on bicycles everywhere - welcome to Copenhagen, capital city of Denmark, home to the Danes, the happiest people in the world. Located on the Oresund Strait, Copenhagen knows how to combine the latest trends in fashion, design, art and architecture - think Arne Jacobsen's chairs or the latest collection of trendy fashion designer Henrik Vibskov - with a refreshingly relaxed approach to life. Shops, cafes, restaurants, hotels - all exude a uniquely Danish sense of style and serenity. And Copenhagen enjoys an international reputation for culinary excellence but dining out doesn't have to be expensive as there are plenty of cafes offering high-quality fresh food at reasonable prices. Copenhagen Style Guide is the essential companion for anybody looking for something special, beyond the tourist track.
New York Valentine
Consumer online impulsive buying
Spent : memoirs of a shopping addict
Taschen's Paris : hotels, restaurants & shops
Abstract.
The great balloon hullaballoo
Fake Factor: Why We Love Brands But Buy Fakes
Consumer.ology : the truth about consumers, and the psychology of shopping
Shopping for vintage : the definitive guide to vintage fashion
Retailisation : the here, there and everywhere of retail
The Experience of Shopping for Tourists
Best Practices in Web-Store Design
Advances in hospitality and leisure
A customer survey of Chinese travelers in airport duty-free shops : Case: Finnair Plc & Finavia
Shopping culture of China
Teenage boys and girls as consumers in Saint Petersburg : Their money situation, buying preferences, shopping and brand identity
One nation under goods : malls and the seductions of American shopping
Bridget Jones's diary : a novel
Cow thinks everything the other animals have is absolutely amazing and wants it for herself. But when she finally does get everything, she has no idea what she's getting herself into! A very silly story, with a worthwhile message - all told in a witty way.
Secondhand and vintage Berlin
Shopping as an entertainment experience
Impulsive buying behavior in a constrained environment : study of airport retailers
Shopaholic & baby
Mimi and Moochie go shopping
The future consumer
Any room for aesthetics : shopping practices of heavily indebted consumers
Serious shopping : psychotherapy and consumerism
Dancing on the tightrope : everyday aesthetics in the practices of shopping, gym exercise and art making
Best practices in web-store design
Prada and prejudice
Abstract: Teenage Boys and Girls as Consumers in Saint Petersburg : Their money situation, buying preferences, shopping and brand identity.
Mini shopaholic
