http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8572 consumer habits
consumer habits
How to spend less without being miserable
Retail patronage behavior : an empirical analysis of localshopping and outshopping behavior
Consumption and market society in Israel
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life
Meat consumption in the European Community : proceedings of the workshop organised by the Directorate-General for Agriculture (DG VI) of the Commission of the European Communities : Brussels, 25 January 1993.
Consumer behavior : buying, having, and being
Conspicuous consumption : a study of exceptional consumer behaviour
Shopportunity! : how to be a retail revolutionary
This study is made to provide the company, Design Agency Tuuletin Oy, with information that is needed to better understand customers' needs. The company's business idea is to be an innovative developer and  producer of creative concepts and technical solutions in the field of digital  communications. The future plan in the company is to start marketing their products and services on the Internet. That is why the company gave  an assignment to interview prospective customers about their habits and  interests in buying digital media products and services. In the future the company also wants to grow internationally by finding more customers abroad.  One objective of this study is to describe digital media, e-business and the  possibilities of Internet marketing. A second objective is to get information  about prospective customers and their preferences, and the third objective is to study the habits and interests in buying digital media products and  services. The purpose in the theoretical part is to give a description of e-business and  the facts concerning Internet marketing and also to give an overview of  digital media. In the empirical part data was collected from prospective customers of Tuuletin Oy. Different customer groups were approached to  gather information about their habits and interests. The Internet is a very useful network for marketers nowadays. They can develop new strategies, and by creating databases of product information  their customers can selectively obtain information. This minimizes the traditional barriers of time and distance between the marketers and the  customers. Due to the fact that e-business based marketing is growing and becoming  more common, the components of the traditional marketing system are facing a number of changes. Managers are required to reorganize and  develop new strategies as to how to market in an e-business environment. The very low rate of response had an effect on the reliability of the study; as a result it is impossible to generalize the results. The respondents' answers show that digital media nowadays has an important role in a  company's activities. Companies are going to buy more digital media  products and services in the future. The responses received also show that  there is a need for the digital products that Tuuletin designs and creates.
Survival with dignity? : the consumption of young adults during economic depression: a comparative study of Finland and Britain, 1990-1994
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
"Meubles habillés" : for a more sustainable society
Displacing desire : travel and popular culture in China
User characteristics and habits in buying digital media products and services
The consistent consumer : predicting future behavior through lasting values
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Consumerism : search for the consumer interest
Utopia : can we achieve it?
Consumption as a game? : a review of recent economic analysis of social competition
Underestimated women : developing a qualitative method within consumer research : exploring women among sports
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Toolkit reducing the food wastage footprint
No logo / Taking aim at the brand bullies
Consumer behavior of young urban Chinese women
McDonaldization revisited : critical essays on consumer culture
Food, people, and society : a European perspective of consumers' food choices
The hybrid consumer : exploring the drivers of a new consumer behaviour type
The limits to satisfaction : an essay on the problem of needs and commodities
This book explores the politics borne of consumption through the case of coffee activism and ethical consumption. It analyses the agencies, structures, repertoires and technologies of promotion and participation in the politics of fair trade consumption through an exploration of the relationship between activism and consumption.
Energy efficiency and the choice of appliances
Background Research for the "Travel Destination of Tomorrow" -Specialization Program
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Consumer evolution : nine effective strategies for driving business growth
The maturing marketplace : buying habits of baby boomers and their parents
I want it now : navigating childhood in a materialistic word
This Reader brings together a broad range of critical work on on the everday practices and power relations of domestic consumption -drawing on material from sociology, women's studies and media and cultural studies. The book is divided into five main sections - on economics, food and clothing, leisure and media reception, household technologies, and the construction of home - and its selcted contributions examine the social dynamics of gender: generation, class and ethnicisty.
Socio-styles : the new lifestyles classification system for identifying and targeting consumers and markets
Mass affluence : seven new rules of marketing to today's consumer
Advertising to children in China
Consumer behaviour
Do the right things! : a practical guide to ethical living
The habits of consumption
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Consumer behavior : the meaning of consumption. Vol. 2, 5, Possessions, brands and the self
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Brand rituals : how successful brands bond with customers for life
Marketing in the food chain : conference proceedings. Part 1
The changing portrayal of adolescents in the media since 1950
Consuming desires of Vietnamese students : globalizing culture in Ho Chi Minh City
FAQ : aesthetics of collective experience
The future of shopping : traditional patterns and net effects
Survival with dignity? : the consumption of young adults during economic depression : a comparative study of Finland and Britain, 1990-1994
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality if life while actually spending less
Consumer demand in the United States : analyses and projections
The smarter screen : what your business can learn from the way consumers think online
User perceptions of internet banking
Desire, self-discipline, and pleasure : the tension between freedom and restriction in shopping
Emerging perspectives in marketing
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Maapallopeli [Elektroninen aineisto] = Klotspelet = The world game
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
Holding up half the sky : women consumers of Asia
Marketing 4.0 : Moving from traditional to Digital
Maapallopeli = Klotspelet = The world game
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality of life while actually spending less
Mass consumption and personal identity : everyday economic experience
Hospitality consumer lifestyles
One : a consumer revolution for business
Consumer behavior
Rational exuberance : the influence of generation X on the new American economy
Taste today : the role of appreciation in consumerism and design
Golden arches east : McDonald's in East Asia
Coffee activism and the politics of fair trade and ethical consumption in : political consumerism and cultural citizenship
One billion shoppers : accessing Asia's consuming passions and fast-moving markets - after the meltdown
Research in marketing : a research annual. Vol. 6
"Holding Up Half of the Sky: The New Women Consumers of Asia describes the dynamics of the rising power of women consumers in 11 countries in Asia. It looks at how women's changing roles in society are fundamentally altering their roles as consumers." "This book provides a systematic analysis of the purchasing power, demographic and market characteristics of women consumers, and the outlook over the next 10 years. The consumption priorities, preferences and perceptions of value are explored from the perspectives of different market segments and lifecycle stages."--Jacket
Consumer nutrition concerns and restaurant choises : volume II, part A and part B.
Consuming youth : vampires, cyborgs and the culture of consumption
Thought styles : critical essays on good taste
Serious shopping : psychotherapy and consumerism
What would Buddha recycle? : the Zen of green living
Consumption and everyday life
Consumer behavior : the meaning of consumption. Vol. 2, 6, (Sub)cultures of consumption
The end of energy obesity : breaking today's energy addiction for a prosperous and secure tomorrow
Analysis of furnishing related knowledge structures : theoretical underpinning with empirical in-depth study
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life by reducing your waste
The impacts of urban structure and the related consumption patterns on the carbon emissions of an average consumer
Shopping orientation : an attitude structure approach
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Less is more : embracing simplicity for a healthy planet, a caring economy and lasting happiness
Advances in nonprofit marketing : a research annual. Vol. 1
The Colourful Russian Middle Class : Case: The winter holidays visitors in Lahti city
The consumer interest : a study in consumer economics
More of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
The art of shopping : how we shop and why we buy
Stopwatch marketing : take charge of the time when your customer decides to buy
Exhibition, the film reader
Second-hand cultures
Joyful participation in new ways of designing and making clothes : enabling person-product attachment to potentially reduce unnecessary consumption
Crass struggle : greed, glitz, and gluttony in a wanna-have world
The themed space : locating culture, nation, and self
Children as consumers : a psychological analysis of the young people's market
CONSUMER BEHAVIOR IN THE TABLET COMPUTER MARKET IN MOSCOW
The thrift book : live well and spend less
Consumer nutrition concerns and restaurant choises : summary : volume 1.
Food choice in modern society
Using provocative case-studies and engaging reader exercises, Benartzi shows how businesses can update their nudges to help consumers make better decisions on screens. Up-to-the-minute research will help optimise your business's online presence, from designing a webshop that helps your customers find what they are looking for, to laying out your website so that it both attracts and holds attention.
I shop, therefore I am : compulsive buying and the search for self
The ethical consumer
Living green : a practical guide for simple sustainability
Japanese lifestyles
Fair trade and the citizen-consumer : shopping for justice?
Consumer theory
Category killers : the retail revolution and its impact on consumer culture
In Brand Rituals: How Successful Brands Bond with Customers for Life, Zain Raj--a recognized leader in the marketing and strategy space--posits that companies and their brands have the ability to drive significant business impact by creating a bond with their most loyal customers. Raj calls this a Brand Ritual, a deep, abiding relationship that customers build with brands--which becomes an integral part of their lives. The book discusses how it's no longer about consumer beliefs; it's all about customer behavior.
Born to be consumers? : consumption patterns of young people between 1981 and 1990
A consumer history of Italy from unification in the 19th century to the present day, combining economic and cultural history with a vivid narrative style.
Human factors of a pleasure boutique : developing a qualitative user research approach for a taboo subject
Consumer behavior & marketing action
Envy, habit formation, and durability in aggregate consumption : some Finnish evidence
Why people buy things they don't need
Ecological intelligence : the coming age of radical transparency
Happy money : the science of happier spending
In a politically uncertain and distrusted world, citizens appear to be seeking political expression in their everyday lives and quite prominently in their consumption practices. In advanced consumer societies, the politics of consumption have come to the centre stage. This book elaborates on the grounded perceptions, practices and problematizations of the equation of political action and market action. It presents the opportunities and hindrances of alternative forms of partaking in civic life by exploring how coffee activism presents a fruitful opportunity for citizens to participate in political life, how cultural citizenship can offer insights into the operation of everyday politics and how neoliberal narratives are framing discourses of coffee activism. The politics behind products can illuminate global tensions and engage citizens in social justice, but at the same time can confine civic action in the marketplace and anesthetise political action.
With the fast development of information technology, online games are becoming increasingly mainstream form of entertainment. This thesis is an exploratory study on Chinese online game consumer behaviour trying to understand their behaviour and make out what they need, how they are satisfied and what factors affect their choice. This thesis is sponsored by Baidu Inc. which is the largest online game company in China. The thesis will focus on the following problems: - How do consumers in general make purchase decisions? - How do consumers make online game purchase decisions in China? - What can be concluded on the basis of these findings from the online game company ́s view? This research uses survey to collect information from the online game consumers to find out the decision making process and the factors that affect this process. In the theoretical part of this thesis, the five-stage model, presented as need recognition, searching for information, alternative evaluation, purchase and outcomes, is used as a conceptual framework to analyze the purchase decision making process of consumers in general. It describes the process that how a consumer makes his/her purchase decision. This process is influenced by external and internal factors. Those factors have strong impact on the decision making process. Those factors are considered together with the process. In the empirical part of this thesis, the information collected from the internet survey will be analyzed using the conceptual framework derived from the theoretical part. Online game players recognize need that can't be satisfied in the real world while can be easily fulfilled in online games. They search for game information from internal and external sources. As searching for game information, players evaluate possible alternatives. The purchase occurs after the player makes purchase decision. The evaluation will go on after the purchase. Based on the evaluation after the purchase, the purchase outcome may be satisfaction or dissatisfaction. External and internal factors have strong impact on this process. Finally, a conclusion will be drawn on the basis of the former discussion. It shows that the Chinese online game consumer purchase decision making process generally follows the five-stage model. This process is influenced by internal and external factors. Suggestions are given to Baidu Inc.. Ideas for further studies are presented.
Unthinking : the surprising forces behind why we buy
Situating child consumption : rethinking values and notions of children, childhood and consumption
Cultural mediators in a hegemonic nightlife : opportunities for drug prevention
Added β-glucan as a source of fibre for consumers
Comparison of Finnish and Russian students’ buying preferences in discount retail: Preliminary market research for Tokmanni
Strategic Marketing of a local non-profit sports organisation : case Valkeakosken Koskenpojat gymnastics division
Designing public transportation for private car users
Young Russian Men as Cosmetics Consumers
The politics of domestic consumption : critical readings
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Determinants in the modern choice of food
Effect of product familiarity on consumer decision making : a longitudinal-experimental study of new product purchases
As nutrition, food is essential, but in today's world of excess, many have taken food beyond its functional definition to fine art status. From celebrity chefs to amateur food bloggers, individuals take ownership of the food they eat as a creative expression of personality, heritage, and ingenuity. Dwight Furrow examines the contemporary fascination with food and culinary arts not only as global spectacle but also as an expression of control, authenticity, and playful creation for individuals in a homogenized (and increasingly public) world.
Food consumption in global perspective : essays in the anthropology of food in honour of Jack Goody
Global Habbo youth survey
Happy money : the new science of smarter spending
Material nation : a consumer's history of modern Italy
Consumer's attitudes and opinions towards household electronic products in Hochiminh City after Vietnam joining the WTO
Consumer behaviour : basic findings and management implications
American foodie : taste, art, and the cultural revolution
Confessions of an eco-shopper : the true story of one woman's mission to go green
It's not easy being green : one family's journey towards eco-friendly living
Gis in business (Geographical Information Systems in Business) : Olet sitä, missä asut
Cases in consumer behaviour
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
Ecological intelligence : knowing the hidden impacts of what we buy
Times they are changing : three studies on changes in consumption
The secret war between downloading and uploading : tales of the computer as culture machine
Czech society in the 2000s : a report on socio-economic policies and structures
Sustainable waste management in households - from international policy to everyday practice : experiences from two Swedish field studies
Learning for sustainable living : psychology of ecological transformation
The changing food distribution system and the role of the consumer : an energy audit of the structure of the system
Consumer behaviour : buying, having, and being
Our deadly addiction : overconsumption
Consumer behaviour in online game industry : evidence from Chinese market
Consumer attitudes and demand, 1950-1952
Green Christmas  : how to have a joyous, eco friendly holiday season
Domesticating drink : women, men and alcohol in America, 1870-1940
