http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8574 consumption
consumption
The ritualization of progress : the schooled imagination
The Spending and Saving Behavior of the Finnish Population and its Impact on the Finnish Economy
Fuelwood consumption study on Pemba island, Zanzibar, Tanzania
Rethinking free time : a study on boundaries, disorders and symbolic goods
Fuelwood use in Zanzibar Town
Consumption patterns and climate change : consequences of eating and travelling in Sweden
The joyless economy : an inquiry into human satisfaction and consumer dissatisfaction
Shoveling smoke : advertising and globalization in contemporary India
America's capacity to produce and America's capacity to consume
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Consumption and market society in Israel
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Firm's ethics, consumer boycotts, and signalling
Chasing youth culture and getting it right : how your business can profit by tapping today's most powerful trendsetters and tastemakers
A search for interpretation and understanding : consumer studies in design research
Firms' ethics, consumer boycotts, and signalling
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
The economic effects of 'out-of-county'-cottagers on the cottage municipalities in Finland : a case study on the local consumption in Kustavi municipality
Governing everyday consumption
The effect of precautionary saving on consumption in Sweden
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
BIM (Building Information Model) is an emerging notion appeared in recent years. Since then a large amount of BIM programs has been released. EcoDesigner is one of such programs, which is dealing with 3D-models. The research in question focuses on the study and analysis of this program. The paper presents a 3D-model of a building and its examination. The main principles of the calculation have been determined. The thesis shows and describes the calculations of the energy consumption of the building. The manual calculation of the heating losses is presented and described. All in all, the objectivity of the data is established and confirmed. Software of this type is crucial and useful nowadays and has a significant potential in the future. The software of BIM will be further developed in diverse directions. Its improvement will simplify the work process of engineers.
The consumer in our economy
Symbolic consumer behavior : proceedings of the Conference on Consumer Esthetics and Symbolic Consumption, New York City, May 1980
CONSUMER BEHAVIOR IN THE TABLET COMPUTER MARKET IN MOSCOW
World apparel fibre consumption survey 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985 : cotton, wool, flax and competing man-made fibres, per caput fibre consumption and trade balances of yarn and textile products in raw fibre terms
Consumer behavior, cost of living measures, and the income tax
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Happy money : the new science of smarter spending
Households̕ consumption
In Finland, economic growth has been weak since the onset of the financial crisis. According to the most recent forecast by the European Commission, GDP growth in Finland is expected to remain among the slowest in the euro area in the coming years - alongside Greece. The factors underlying the subdued development in GDP can be examined by comparing Finland with other small EU countries, i.e. the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Austria, Sweden and Denmark. These countries constitute a meaningful peer group because they are relatively open economies with a similar degree of development..
Consumption and everyday life
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
The consumer society
Abstract: FINRES-Vet 2001-2005: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and  consumption of antimicrobial agents.
What kind of values could be recognised in green messages, with special emphasis on children
The Effects of Recession on Finnish Alcohol Consumption : Concentration on brewery industry in comparison to the recession in Finland 1990 - 1993
Energy management and operating costs in buildings
Young Russian Men as Cosmetics Consumers
Finland is greying - will this diminish the effectiveness of monetary policy?
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Two major shifts in global energy markets have occurred over the past ten years. First, emerging economies now drive growth in global energy consumption and use more than half of all energy produced globally. The growth emphasis has clearly shifted to emerging economies. Second, traditional energy markets have been challenged by the arrival of unconventional hydrocarbons and plentiful liquefied natural gas. Renewable energy sources continue to meet an increasing share of consumption, yet even a few decades from now they will account for less than 20% of overall production. At the same time, access to unconventional oil and gas deposits has driven down production costs, especially in the United States and Canada. This has led to a dramatic drop in natural gas prices in North America even as energy prices have remained high in Europe.  Keywords: energy markets, shale gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) .
Attitudes of young people towards luxury products
Energy expenditure and substrate utilization during eccentric exercise in obese and diabetics
Essays on stochastic fiscal policy, public debt and private consumption
Global status report on alcohol and health
Effects of oxygen fraction in inspired air on cardiorespiratory responses and exercise performance
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
The present state of consumer theory
Consumer expenditures : new measures & old motives
New empirical perspectives on brand loyalty : implications for segmentation strategy and equity
Money illusion, income distribution and the aggregate private consumption : some tests with Finnish data
Research biography of Liisa Uusitalo : publications by year 1968-2012
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Determinants in the modern choice of food
Market Potential for Vietnamese Organic Food Products in Finland
NBDX : the negative binomial model with explanatory variables
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
On the theory of consumption function with borrowing constraints
The transformation of global energy markets
National accounts for the first quarter of 2015.
The culture of planned obsolescence in technology companies
On national commodity consumption patterns and the use of alcohol
A social and economic theory of consumption
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2015 contracted by 0.1% quarter on quarter but remained unchanged year on year. The quarterly national accounts data signal a broadly similar economic development to the indicator data previously published, i.e. the economy was continuing to contract..
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
A study of housing investment and housing market behaviour
Consumer choice in an evolutionary perspective
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Employment, income distribution and consumption : long-term objectives and structural changes : proceedings of a Seminar of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, organized under the auspices of the Senior Economic Advisers to ECE Governments, Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume (France), 6-13 September 1977
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
Fuelwood consumption in the city of Monrovia (Liberia) in 1965
Journal of food distribution research
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Cheap : the real cost of the global trend for bargains, discounts & consumer choice
Variable quality in consumer theory : toward a dynamic microeconomic theory of the consumer
Household market and non-market activities : research program and proposal
The mass consumption society
Consumption & marketing : macro dimensions
Consumption norms and everyday ethics
Comparison of Finnish and Russian students’ buying preferences in discount retail: Preliminary market research for Tokmanni
A theoretical and empirical study on the consumption function
The process of pauperization in groups at a high risk of deprivation : extension of the transnational study on persistent poverty, Commission of the European Communities, contract 800263
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Life-cycle profiles of consumption and income : an analysis of the Finnish household budget surveys in 1966-90
Production and consumption : mirrors of each other?
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
The consumer revolution in urban China
Developing business ethics in China
Consumption, rational expectations and liquidity : theory and evidence
Energy analysis of 3D model of building in ArchiCAD environment
Consumption and Environment
The consumption function revisited : an error-correction model for Finnish consumption
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Marketing data 2000 : the Nordic Countries
Spending my money
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The allocation of time and goods over the life cycle
World apparel fibre consumption survey 1983 : cotton, wool, flax and competing man-made fibres per caput fibre consumption and trade balances of yarn and textile products in raw fibre terms
This thesis was done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sula project. In the thesis electricity consumption of a garage was examined using classic time series analysis and search for correlation between power consumption and difference between outside and inside temperatures. Also, forecasts were made for power consumption and thermal conductance by applying linear re-gression. In thesis’s context thermal conductance was defined as power con-sumption needed to increase the temperature difference between inside and outside air by one Celsius centigrade. The purpose was to find a programmable way to detect a broken heating device from increased electricity consumption. The program should be able to run au-tomatically on the Sula server. Using time series analysis, trend and irregular components were detected from the electricity consumption measurement. With coefficient of determination linear correlation between the energy consumption and temperature difference was proven. Power consumption forecast had the difference between outside and inside temperature as the explanatory variable. The forecast was good at comparing the last measured power consumption with certain temperature difference to average power consumption with the same temperature difference. The fore-cast was slow in adjusting to different kind of power consumption when used devices were changed, because the forecast method requires high number of observations. If the used devices would always be the same then this forecast method would be suitable for the purpose. Conductance forecasts were faster in adjusting when the used devices were changed, but it can also be a downside because if the forecast adjusts too fast, it’s useless detecting increased consumption. The adjusting speed is deter-mined by the number of observations used. With high number of observations the forecast doesn’t adjust too fast and is more suitable for the purpose.
PV System Design and Feasibility Study for Juhannuslehto Business Park
Marketing : the basics
Consumer econometrics and Engel functions
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Equity premium and consumption disasters : Lucas-tree model with power utility
Examining the role of waste-to-energy in a circular economy in Finland with meeting a zero-waste goal
Consumer behaviour
How to identify green-washing in a green marketing strategy
Consumer Ethics Research: Reframing the Debate about Consumption for Good
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Consumer policy programme 2000-2003
prospects for household characteristics and the structure of private consumption in Finland
The Active consumer : novelty and surprise in consumer choice
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
The structure of household consumption in Finland, 1966-1990
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
The business of sharing : making it in the new sharing economy
Summary.
Consuming supplements : paradoxes of modern hedonism
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
Fluctuations in the consumption ratio in Sweden : a study of the period 1965-1974
Finding the functional forms for slowly changing dependencies
Supply and demand of biomass based energy : rural people's perspectives in Bangladesh
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
Food choice in modern society
Age distribution, saving and consumption in Sweden
Environmentally significant consumption : research directions
The poor pay more : consumer practices of low-income families
Determination of personal consumption : theoretical foundations and empirical evidence from Sweden
Wealth holding of households
When ladies go a-thieving : middle-class shoplifters in the Victorian department store
Differences in consumer perspectives how sustainable food consumption is perceived and signalled in the prevailing consumer culture : among Generation Y
Including consumption expenditure and welfare services in a microsimulation model
Reciprocal interaction approach to consumer behavior : an application to the field of furnishing
This article examines the link between population ageing and monetary policy transmission in Finland from the perspective of consumption behaviour and the macro economy. We estimate the consumption functions of Finnish households in various age groups, using household-specific data. If consumption in the younger cohorts is more sensitive to changes in income and interest rates than consumption in the older, growth in the population share of the elderly will decrease the economic impact of changes in the key monetary policy interest rate. The effect of ageing on consumption is estimated by taking into consideration the age variation of household margins. Finally, we describe the effect of demographics on monetary policy transmission, using a general equilibrium model of the Finnish economy. The examinations are based on wealth and income distribution data from Statistics Finland..
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
Sustainable consumption : ethics, national indices and international relations
On consumption effects of social security in an extended life-cycle model
Energy consumption in households
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Energiatilastot. 1999.
Changes in consumption effects on economic growth : implications for the eurozone crisis
An empirical note on the life cycle-permanent income hypothesis
Myth about altruistic organic consumption : values influence in perceiving organic meat consumer
Consumer attitudes and demand, 1950-1952
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Mood-regulation in the context of hedonic consumption : an exploratory study of hedonic consumption-related mood-regulatory behaviors
The consumption reader
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Increase in the efficiency of heating furnace fuel consumption on the base of software package application
Extending the collective consumption of brands
The habits of consumption
Finnish household consumption in monetary and physical terms : trends and clarifications
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
A system-wide analysis of international consumption patterns
Consumption and investment in the BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Modern oralities : a cultural topology of the consuming body : summary of the article-dissertation The corporeality of consumption
Energy profiling of single-family houses built before 2010
Firms' ethics, consumer boycotts and signalling
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Factors affecting voluntary alcohol consumption in the albino rat
Consumption and savings over the life cycle
Abstract.
Consumer behavior
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Renovation and Energy Evaluation : Viipurinpuisto Residential Project
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
The romantic ethic and the spirit of modern consumerism
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
Commodity demand and labour supply in Finland
From disposable to sustainable : the complex interplay between design and consumption of textiles and clothing
A theory of the consumption function
Why is Finland trailing its peers?
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Unthinking : the surprising forces behind why we buy
Fluid milk consumption and demand response to advertising for non-alcoholic beverages
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
How lifestyle products became rooted in the Finnish consumer market : domestication of jeans, chewing gum, sunglasses and cigarettes
DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPECT OF CHINESE SECOND-HAND MARKET
Journal of consumer policy
Regulating pharmaceutical markets in Finland
Consumer shift : how changing values are reshaping the consumer landscaping
Structural changes in consumption and trade in steel
Free riding and consumer rationality
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Tax reform, consumption and asset structure
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Household resource management systems : a challenge for the 1990's : a research symposium, June 6-8, 1990 : research papers
Do households have rational expectations on future consumption? : Evidence from the Finnish Consumer Survey
