http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8585 underachievement
underachievement
The politics of gender and education : critical perspectives
Educating students with high ability
Raising boys' achievement in primary schools
Nurturing the gifted female : a guide for educators and parents
Girls and exclusion : rethinking the agenda
Boys and literacy : exploring the issues
Boys and schooling in the early years
Toward excellence with equity : an emerging vsion for closing the achievement gap
Raising achievement in secondary mathematics
Boys' underachievement in education : an exploration in selected Commonwealth countries
Reaching the gifted underachiever : program strategy and design
Why students underachieve : what educators and parents can do about it
Making projects critical
Kids who underachieve
Preventing talent loss
Summary.
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
"Governments, local authorities, school leaders, and teachers all over the world want to improve the attainment and participation of all students. They also want to minimise any systematic differences in educational outcomes between social and economic groups. However, considerable effort and money is being wasted on policies, practices and interventions that have very little hope of success, and that may indeed endanger the progress that is being made otherwise. The poor quality of much education research evidence, coupled with an unwillingness among users of evidence to discriminate appropriately between what we know and do not know, means that opportunities are being missed. At a time of reduced public spending and increased public unrest, at least in the UK, it is important that proposed interventions are both effective and efficient. Overcoming Disadvantage in Education is unique in the way it: - Shows where the solutions to underachievement and poverty lie - combines primary(new), secondary (official) and published (review) evidence - distinguishes between those possible causes of underachievement that are largely fixed for individuals, and those that are modifiable. There are evidence-informed ways forward in handling under-achievement and increasing social justice in education. This book shows which the more likely approaches are, and where further work could yield further benefits. This book will be a key text for developing academic researchers and supervisors in the social sciences"--
Pupils' achievement strategies, family background and school performance
Recent technology IPOs : a boom or a bubble
"Gender, Masculinities and Lifelong Learning reflects on current debate around gender in education, where academics, practitioners and policy-makers are beginning to refer to a crisis of masculinity. Why is there an under-representation of men in education? Why do women increasingly outstrip men in terms of achievement? Is it possible men are becoming educationally disadvantaged? Drawing on research from the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canada the contributors reveal the full spectrum of issues in gender inequality in education. Other forces which have comparable impacts, and which intersect with gender include class, ethnicity and age as well as colonisation. In the light of this, the book provides both evidence and argument to illuminate contemporary debates about the involvement of women and men in education, including: - International surveys on men and educational participation - Gender, masculinities and migrants' learning experiences - Boys-only classes as the solution to 'the problem of underachieving boys' - Community learning and public policy - Older men's perspectives on (re-)entering post-compulsory education - Implications for practice, research and policy Importantly, this book critically addresses some of the taken-for-granted beliefs about men and their engagement in lifelong learning, presenting new evidence to demonstrate the complexity of gender and education today. With these complexities in mind, the authors develop new frameworks and questions which provide a theoretical basis to develop further understanding of the many issues involve with gender and lifelong learning"-- Provided by publisher.
Young gifted and bored
Heading for a decline? : disturbances as early warnings in corporate strategy process : research plan
"Could do better" : why children underachieve and what to do about it
Gender, masculinities, and lifelong learning
Listening to able underachievers : creating opportunities for change
Reassessing gender and achievement : questioning contemporary key debates
Failing boys? : issues in gender and achievement
Able, gifted and talented underachievers
Equity and quality in education : supporting disadvantaged students and schools
Gifted and talented behavior and education
Effective education for all : implementing positive behavior support in early childhood through high school
Schooling the boys : masculinities and primary education
Raising boys' achievement in secondary schools
Totally positive teaching : a five-stage approach to energizing students and teachers
The Set-Up-To-Fail Syndrome : how good managers cause great people to fail
Underachievers in school : issues and intervention
Raising the achievement of all pupils within an inclusive setting : practical strategies for developing best practice
Teachers' strategies for coping with failure syndrome students
Failing students in higher education
Living on the edge : rethinking poverty, class, and schooling
Ability Profiling and School Failure, Second Edition explores the social and contextual forces that shape the appearance of academic ability and disability and how these forces influence the perception of academic underachievement of minority students. At the book's core is the powerful case study of a competent fifth grader named Jay, an African American boy growing up in a predominantly white, rural community, who was excluded from participating in science and literacy discourses within his classroom community. In this new edition, researcher and teacher-educator Kathleen Collins situates the story of Jay's struggle to be seen as competent within current scholarly conversations about the contextualized nature of dis/ability. In particular, she connects her work to recent research into the overrepresentation of minority students in special education, exploring the roles of situated literacies, classroom interactions, and social stereotypes in determining how some students come to be identified as "disabled." Ability Profiling and School Failure, Second Edition comprises a thorough investigation into the socially constructed nature of ability, identity, and achievement, illustrating the role of educational and social exclusion in positioning students within particular identities.
Ability profiling and school failure : one child's struggle to be seen as competent
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Ignorant yobs? : low attainers in a global knowledge economy
"If feminism is still an ongoing project after 60-odd years, then why has the backlash been so long in the coming?This edited volume reflects on current debate around gender in education, where academics, practitioners and policy-makers are beginning to refer to a crisis of masculinity. Why is there an under-representation of men in education? Why do women increasingly outstrip men in terms of achievement? Is it possible men are becoming educationally disadvantaged?Drawing on research from the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canada the contributors reveal the full spectrum of issues at hand in gender inequality in education. Other forces which have comparable impacts, and which intersect with gender include class, ethnicity and age as well as colonisation. In the light of this, the book provides both evidence and argument to illuminate contemporary debates about the involvement of women and men in education. Importantly, this book critically addresses some of the taken-for-granted beliefs about men and their engagement in lifelong learning, presenting new evidence to demonstrate the complexity of gender and education today. With these complexities in mind, the authors develop new frameworks and questions which provide a theoretical basis to develop further understanding of the many issues involve with gender and lifelong learning.This book will be of interest to any practitioner open to the fresh ideas and approaches in teaching and programming needed when taking into account the differences both between men and women and among men and women"--
Why don't all children achieve well in school : A critical discussion
How to reach 'hard to reach' children : improving access, participation and outcomes
Supporting mathematical thinking
Managing boys' behaviour
Overcoming disadvantage in education
