http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8581 fires (accidents)
fires (accidents)
The Reichstag fire trial : the second brown book of the Hitler terror : based on material collected by the World committee for the relief of the victims of German fascism
Fire load survey of commercial premises in Finland
Fire spread simulation of a full scale cable tunnel
The mystery of the burnt cottage
Petals in the ashes
Preservation in Disaster Situations: a case study of the Valvilla Wool Mill Museum, Finland
Wildland fire management : handbook for trainers
Liekehtivä torni : The towering inferno
This thesis investigates possibilities to design an improved product for self-rescue from fires to help to reduce the number of deaths caused by fire. The work was commissioned by a product design company "Meso" based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The primary idea was to design a survival kit for offices. The first thing to study was what kind of product would meet the needs of the market. The project started by researching the available products on the market, fires and human behaviour in emergencies. The Internet, different articles and interviews were used as an information source. The definition of product design was created based on the research to pinpoint the limitations of the design process. The background investigation revealed a market gap for a small easy to use product of good quality. It also showed that the product does not require other accessories except carbon monoxide filter and goggles with a safety colour head strap. The product was designed into a foldable, compact and easy to use package. The design was carried out using sketch models and Computer Aided Design (CAD). The prototype was made using 3D printing technology. The future of the project would require more developing and testing of the prototype and further manufacturing and commercializing of the final product.
Fire and vegetation dynamics : studies from the North American boreal forest
Burning the Reichstag : an investigation into the Third Reich's enduring mystery
An incomplete revenge : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Someone to watch over me
Survey and evaluation of fire research and testing at VTT Building Technology
Effects of forest fire and the ecology of fire-adapted insects
The Texas City disaster, 1947
Significant loss to business occurs through fires in the workplace. Whether large or small, fire causes personal suffering, damage to plant, equipment and buildings, and loss of business. Fire legislation has changed over the past few years, especially with the introduction of European Directives. New regulations mean that employers have to carry out fire risk assessment and then, as a result of their findings, put in place control measures to prevent loss of life. Fire Hazards in Industry has been designed to cover, in general terms, exactly what is required of employers.It is written in simple language and considers the basics of good fire safety management.^After reading Fire Hazards in Industry, any employer, safety professional or fire safety officer should be able to install a system for carrying out fire risk assessment.^In addition to sections relating to the legal aspects of fire prevention, the book explains the concepts of fire modelling, explosions and combustion reactions. There is also a section relating to common industry fire hazards and hazards associated with electrical equipment. Knowledge of all these topics would be required if a person were to attempt to carry out fire risk assessment. Throughout the book, past case histories are used to illustrate certain aspects of fire and the causes of fire. The cases used have all been published by the Health and Safety Executive as a result of their investigations.These include; Abbeystead, Frodingham steelworks, HMS Glasgow, BP Grangemouth and many more.^This book will be equally relevant to motor manufacturing as it is to the chemical industry.^There are many case studies included that deal with fire hazards that are found in general industry.Fire Hazards in Industry is suitable for those who have relatively limited experience in fire safety and therefore use it as part of their career and educational development, but also can be used as reference material for those experienced professionals who have fire safety included in their day to day responsibility.
Fire sciences dictionary
Fire in ecosystem dynamics : Mediterranean and Northern perspectives
Farmyard heroes
On the fire dynamics of vehicles and electrical equipment
The great fire : a city in flames
Electrical fires and the safety of electrical equipment and materials in Finland
Burnt area mapping in insular Southeast Asia using medium resolution satellite imagery
Ralf
Industrial fire prevention
Hitler the pawn
In a heartbeat
Fire in tropical savannas : the Kapalga experiment
Enclosure fire dynamics
Flashing fire engines
Hazard identification and evaluation in a local community
The colour of magic
An introduction to fire dynamics
Prediction of smoke production and heat release by convolution model : NORDTEST technical report 1297-96
Vestal fire : an environmental history, told through fire, of Europe and Europe's encounter with the world
Thermal models for fire safety : calculation of flame spread on surfaces and heating of structures
Ambiguity of performance management in the fire safety policy of Finland
Fire safety at sea
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
The fire engine book
After the fire
In ashes lie
"Ralf is forever getting under his family's feet. But when a fire threatens to burn the house down, Ralf streches himself to the limit to save his family."--Publisher.
The colour of magic : a Discworld novel
Unknown quantity
Fire in port : the ship/shore interface
The spice merchant's wife
The great fire dogs
Damage evaluation and aseismic repair of R.C. structures after fire
NFPA 92 : standard for smoke systems
Titan and the great island fire
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
NFPA 550 : guide to the fire safety concepts tree
World fire : the culture of fire on earth
BAN: 10 let posle požara : materialy meždunarodnoj naučnoj konferencii, Sankt-Peterburg, 16-18 fevralâ 1998 g. = The Russian Academy of Sciences Library (BAN): a decade after the fire : International scientific conference proceedings, St. Petersburg, February 16-18, 1998
Money maker to the bitter end
Fire and polymers : hazards indentification and prevention : developed from a symposium sponsored by the Macromolecular Secretariat at the 197th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Dallas, Texas, April 9-14, 1989
Extinguishing efficiency of powders against class A fires
A 600-year forest fire record in a varved lake sediment (Ristijärvi, Northern Karelia, Eastern Finland)
The economics of fire protection
Geospatial environmental data modelling applications using remote sensing, GIS and spatial statistics
The Great Fire at HAmpton Court
Fire! : the story of the fire engine
Toxic chlorinated and polyaromatic hydrocarbons in simulated house fires
Stephen Biesty's incredible explosions
Ecological restoration of forests in Fennoscandia : defining reference stand structures and immediate effects of restoration
Fire protection handbook. Volume 2, sections 12-21
Experimental study of the localized room fires : NFSC2 test series
In this gripping novel of suspense by #1 New York Times bestselling author Lisa Jackson, a small timber town nestled in the shadow of Oregon's Cascade Mountains is the perfect place for a killer to hide.
Forest fires
The fireman : a novel
Awful splendour : a fire history of Canada
The dead house
The arsonist
Playing with fire : an inspector Banks mystery
Fire protection handbook. Volume 1, sections 1-11
Fire protection : systems and response
Summary.
Fire aboard : the problems of prevention and control in ships, port installations, and offshore structures
Protecting against Fire : development of Regulations and Technology
In a field as wide ranging and dynamic as fire protection, staying current with the latest research, technology, and safety practices is as challenging as it is essential. The fully updated, new 20th edition FPH® provides state-of-the-art, in-depth coverage of every aspect of fire protection so you can eliminate knowledge gaps, avoid errors, and maintain your competitive edge. Two volumes with 3,500 pages cover the total spectrum of fire protection issues; 211 chapters, including 25 that are brand new to this edition, reflect the latest knowledge and tactics; 254 leading authorities provide answers and solutions on demand; Added chapters on Premises Security, Protecting Againgst Extreme Events, Flammability Hazard of Materials, and Strategies for Occupant Evacuation During Emergencies improve your ability to protect lives and property; Thousands of visuals -- including 500 added photos, tables, charts, illustrations, and diagrams -- aid comprehension.
Incendiary art : the representation of fireworks in early modern Europe
Skies of ash
Slash and burn : farming in the third world forest
Flash point : Fire rescue
A hybrid plume model for local-scale dispersion
The rescue
Fire protection systems
The tower
Effects of fire on threatened and endangered plants : an annotated bibliography
Encyclopedia of disasters : environmental catastrophes and human tragedies
Fires at chemical warehouses : a cone calorimeter study on the burning characteristics and fire effluent composition of selected chemical compounds
Veil of fire : a novel
Balconies comes in the focus
Fire and climatic change in temperate ecosystems of the western Americas
Heritage under fire : a guide to the protection of historic buildings
The boy
Non-binding guide to good practice for implementing the European Parliament and Council Directive 1999/92/EC on minimum requirements for improving the safety and health protection of workers potentially at risk from explosive atmospheres
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Plan-B - smoke mask for self-rescue from fires
Extinguishing smouldering fires in silos : BRANDFORSK project 745-961
Retrofitting and rehabilitatin of high rise fire damaged concrete building
Fire toxicity
Physical interpretation of temperature data measured in the SBI fire test
Fire in the environment : symposium proceedings : May 1-5, 1972 Denver, Colorado
The black book
Fire prevention programs for museums
Fire hazards in industry
Before starting hot work... : study book
Some observations on the shape of impinging diffusion flames
Liekehtivä torni = The towering inferno
COST Action C17: built heritage : fire loss to historic buildings : conference proceedings
All Russia is burning! : a cultural history of fire and arson in late Imperial Russia
London, 1666. In the house of a sleeping baker, a spark leaps free of the oven -- and ignites a blaze that will burn London to the ground. While the humans struggle to halt the conflagration that is devouring the city street by street, the fae pit themselves against a less tangible foe: the spirit of the fire itself, powerful enough to annihilate everything in its path. Mortal and fae will have to lay aside the differences that divide them, and fight together for the survival of London itself.
Advanced numerical modelling of a fire : final report
Oil pool fire in a large turbine hall : CFD simulation
An introduction to mathematical fire modeling
The city of falling angels
