http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8598 laboratories
laboratories
Journal of laboratory and clinical medicine
Physics laboratory experiments
A model for optimisation including proficiency testing in the chemical laboratories
Thermometer comparison L12 in the range from -80°C to 400°C : final report
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Real-time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 2, Heat and thermodynamics
Directory of accredited bodies
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
206 bones
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
A tested method of laboratory organisation
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols.     This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
Reference materials in quality assurance of testing laboratories
Handbook to laboratory best practices, training and facing challenges
Clinical laboratory management : a guide for clinical laboratory scientists
The ph and conductivity : Handbook(tm)
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
The thesis studies current marketing conventions of international high-technology research laboratories in Europe and is done for the UNELMA-project. UNELMA is a joint project between Finnish and Swedish universities and institutions funded by the European Union, the Provincial Government of Norbotten, Lapin Liitto and Interreg IV A. The project wishes to create a network of professional services which will benefit companies in the Bothnian Arc between Finland and Sweden. The study itself intends to give possible examples of how high-technology professional services are marketed internationally and how to apply their practices to Finnish and Swedish high-technology marketing, the UNELMA-project's marketing in particular. Actual high-technology issues or operations in the respective field will not be discussed in this thesis. The knowledge base of the thesis relies on B2B-marketing, services marketing and digital marketing. The applied research method is benchmarking through case studies. Case studies were chosen as it was the best way of having information about the organizations the UNELMA-project and its managers were interested in. Recommendations of possible marketing practices and operations for UNELMA will be presented.
Laboratory measurements of stress modulation by wawe groups
The purpose of this thesis is to demonstrate and show how productization can enhance joint service creation for Research Laboratories based on UNELMA-project. The goal is to create a joint service that is simple, manageable and understandable by all stakeholders. How productization enhances joint service creation for research laboratories have been discussed comprehensively. The literature review shows that the actual benefits of a service offering can accrue to service providers as well as service consumers if a service is well productized. The research approach is a combination of qualitative and case study methods. Data is collected through workshops, project articles, documents and observation aided by service creation tools. The service creation tools used are; Idea tree, Service blue print, Business model canvas, Value proposition canvas and Productization canvas. Joint service network stakeholder’s expectation has been examined from the data gathered. Both service providers and customers have their own expectations. However, they have a common ground of collaboration and cooperation into the future through a productized joint service network branded Applied Imaging Network abbreviated as AIN. Ultimately, productization enhances service creation and assists in sales marketing by making the service simple, manageable and understandable. Thus, it makes easier for the customer to make buying decision.
Microbiology laboratory : fundamentals and applications
Testauslaboratorioiden toiminta : yleiset laatuvaatimukset = General criteria for the operation of testing laboratories
The electric heaters : Handbook(tm)
Analytical method validation and instrument performance verification
Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use -. part 1, General requirements
Metrology of gaseous air pollutants
Qualification system for the personnel of testing laboratories
Directory of accredited laboratories and certification bodies
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Medical laboratories : particular requirements for quality and competence
The bone thief
An examination of the establishment and maintenance costs of an accreditation and the including quality control system
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
Practice manual for microvascular surgery
Basic method validation
A guide to good facility design practice
Studies on the permanence of the silver image of modern photographic papers
Directory of Finnish exporters 1995.
Clinical chemistry methods guide : for data processing by Labquality
Directory of biological laboratories
Microbiology lab manual : principles and applications
The expression of uncertainty in quantitative testing EAL-G23 = (Suositus kvantitatiivisten testien mittausepävarmuuden esittämisestä)
Usage and expectations to laboratory equipment in some hospitals in China : an exploratory marketing research for Labsystems
Nordtest seminar on Calibration, traceability and uncertainty, November 1-2, 1995 VTT, Espoo, Finland
Guided inquiry experiments in general chemistry : practical problems and applications
Manual of laboratory filtration
Provningsjämförelse 02/2015 : a-klorofyll, färg, lednindgsförmåga, näringsmäne, pH and grumlighet från naturvatten.
Validation of cell-based assays in the GLP setting : a practical guide
Palko's medical laboratory procedures
Laboratory handbook for general chemistry
The laboratory companion : a practical guide to materials, equipment, and technique
Accurate results in the clinical laboratory : a guide to error detection and correction
Laboratory histopathology : a complete reference. Vol. 1
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Service productization enhancing joint service creation for research laboratories : case study : UNELMA-project
Practical guidance for quality systems in medical laboratories 1999
International quality assessment meeting for medical laboratories, 31.1.-1.2.1997 : abstracts
Schemes related to peer evaluation
When do we need calibration of equipment used in testing laboratories?
Benchmarking International High-Technology Research Laboratories' Marketing in Europe
Forensic DNA biology : a laboratory manual
Handbook of laboratory diagnostic tests : with nursing implications
Safety in the chemistry and biochemistry laboratory
Quality assurance for the analytical chemistry laboratory
Interlaboratory proficiency test 02/2015 : a-chlorophyll, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Zone VI workshop : the fine print in black & white photography
Beamtimes and lifetimes : the world of high energy physicists
Calibration software for laboratory instruments : requirements engineering
The development of quality assurance in testing laboratories : seminar in Copenhagen 4.-5. November 1992.
Chicago forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan is accused of mishandling the autopsy and the case of a missing heiress from Montreal--an investigation that becomes more complicated when two more bodies of elderly women are found in Montreal and Tempe faces the very real possibility that a colleague has sabotaged work in the lab / WorldCat.
Cost management in clinical chemistry laboratories : report and guidelines prepared by a working group for the Nordic Clinical Chemistry Project, Nordkem
Laboratory quality systems : actions in cases of complaint and disturbances
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
Illustrated chemistry laboratory terminology : [in English, for speakers of other languages]
Food and drink laboratory accreditation : a practical approach
Interpretation of EN 45001 for fire testing laboratories
Clinical chemistry : laboratory manual
Working with chemistry : a laboratory inquiry program
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 08/2014 : metals and mercury in waters
Setting up SAP Laboratory for Education and Project Purposes – Case: ERP Central Component
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
A model optimisation including proficiency testing in the chemical laboratories
Macaca mulatta : management of a Laboratory Breeding Colony ed. by David Allen Valerio et. al
Death of an expert witness
Training material in quality assurance for laboratory employees
Intercomparison test with cooperant laboratories in Kola area
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2013 : radon in ground water
Food microbiology : a laboratory manual
A collection of forensic DNA typing laboratory experiments designed for academic and training courses at the collegiate level.
The missing link
Molecular microbiology laboratory : a writing-intensive course
Sense and reason in the laboratory : risks and safety in the laboratory
Accreditation for microbiological laboratories
Tools for the test laboratory to implement measurement uncertainty budgets
Analytical chemistry for technicians
Biochemistry laboratory : modern theories and techniques
Laboratory biosafety manual
Hematology : a combined theoretical and technical approach
PC interfacing for laboratory data acquisition & process control
Medical laboratories : requirements for safety
Service Productization enhancing Joint Service Creation for Research Laboratories : Case Study UNELMA-project
Accreditation for sensory testing laboratories, EAL-G16 : (suositus aistinvaraisen testauksen akkreditoinnista)
We did our study for the HUSLAB Automation Laboratory of Meilahti Hospital and the virology laboratory, Helsinki, Finland. The purpose of our study was to create value stream  maps of HIV screening tests for both of the laboratories. In addition, our intention was to compare the differences in HIV screening tests between the laboratories and to find out  possible wastes. In our study, we used the Lean methodology, which is a widely used methodology for making processes more efficient and the value stream maps are part of it. The information used in our study was collected using observation in the work environment and by interviewing a medical expert. The findings and the medical expert interview formed the basis of the value stream maps. On the basis of our observations, we state that the laboratories differed from each other fundamentally. The automation route of the Meilahti Hospital Automation Laboratory was highly optimized and the process was fast. The virology laboratory is part of the HUSLABs Clinical Microbiology, where the main focus has been on the hand work. There were waste in both laboratories, but the basic features of the processes worked as such. There were development points in preanalytic features, in the laboratory space and in the work speed of the tests.  Based on the results, we conclude that the process has waste, but the development points are challenging. Development suggestions are based on a short-term observation and a longer observation period would have produced more suggestions. The value stream maps that we made may be used for designing a new laboratory in the Meilahti Hospital area,  Helsinki, Finland.
Handbook for microbiological laboratories : introduction to internal quality control of analytical work
Photographic printing and enlarging
Interlaboratory proficiency test NW 2/2014 : alkalinity, pH, nutrients and conductivity in natural waters
Quality in mechanical testing of metallic materials
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
Photo-lab-index : the cumulative formulary of standard recommended photographic procedures
Bones of betrayal
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
Methods for testing laboratories to evaluate customer satisfaction and to enhance service quality
A shared-information system for clinical laboratory analysis
Principles and practice of animal tissue culture
Fundamentals of chemistry : laboratory studies
Laboratory management : principles and practice
Medical laboratories : guidance on laboratory implementation of ISO 15189:2003 = Laboratoires médicaux - Directives pour la mise en œuvre du laboratoire de l ́ISO 15189:2003
Proficiency test SYKE 4/2013 : metals in waters and sediment
Quality assurance and TQM for analytical laboratories
Data Handling and Analysis
ComEmu : software based solution for creating virtual lab environments
Writing the laboratory notebook
Laboratory life : the construction of scientific facts / Bruno Latour, Steve Woolgar ; introduction by Jonas Salk
Oxford menace
Comparison of standards with requirements on calibration and testing laboratories
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
The Optimization of GMP/GLP Laboratories:  : The laboratory utilization and work safety improvement project
Initialization of the JYFLTRAP system
Translational research : the journal of laboratory and clinical medicine
Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods
Abrstract: Laboratories have multiple devices that require maintenance and calibration performed on a regular basis. There are several standards concerning calibration of these devices and calibration is a fundamental part of good laboratory practice. The objective of this thesis was to define the customer requirements for new laboratory instrument calibration software. The customer requirements were identified with a customer needs survey. The theoretical framework for this thesis is software requirements engi-neering, gathering and managing the requirements. After the identification of the customer needs they were converted in to the requirements for the software. The project is assigned by Sartorius Biohit Liquid Handling Oy. As the result of this project the customer requirements for new calibration software for la-boratory instruments were produced. These requirements can be used when requesting tenders and when creating technical requirements for the software.
Laboratory diagnostics of dyslipidemia : from cholesterol to apolipoproteins
"Building confidence and protecting public interest" : the future role of testing laboratories, product certification bodies and inspection bodies
Recommendation for general terms and model forms of contracts for testing laboratories
Comments to the Eurolab working document on quality systems
The print
Measurement tools for quality assurance in medical laboratories
Third biological intercalibration workshop, 27-31 August 1990, Visby, Sweden
Laboratory safety : principles and practices
Exercise testing and prescription lab manual
A guide to good laboratory practice for start-up and growing laboratories in industry and academia
The student laboratory and the science curriculum
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Smart packaging : the needs and requirements of businesses in Pirkanmaa and the teaching of the subject in Finland and in Europe
Managing science : management for R&D laboratories
Control charts and control materials in internal quality control in food chemical laboratories
Supplier provided automatic warehouse replenishment solutions in pharmaceutical diagnostics industry
Laboratory histopathology : a complete reference. Vol. 2
A Nordic network of environmental chemical reference laboratories
Laboratory Environment of PC Technology & Device Design
Anatomic and clinical pathology : proceedings
Kansalliset mittanormaalilaboratoriot = Directory of Finnish national standards laboratories
Food microbiology and laboratory practice
Collection and handling of laboratory specimens : a practical guide
Good laboratory practice : the why and the how
Monday starts on Saturday
Real-time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 3, Electric circuits
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Culture of Animal Cells : A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
The bones of Avignon
LabGuide '98-'99 : the premier directory for all scientific laboratories
Calibration Software for Laboratory Instruments : Requirements Engineering
Microchips : the illustrated hitchhiker's guide to analytical microchips
SCADA design and enterprise connectivity for a water processing system
Real-time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 4, Light and optics
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Complete guide to laboratory safety
Clinical laboratory safety : approved guideline
Hazardous materials in the histopathology laboratory : regulations, risks, handling and disposal
Testing a pilot wastewater treatment plant in laboratory scale
LabGuide '97-'98 : the premier directory for all scientific laboratories
Clinical laboratory science
Clean rooms : International conference, 9-10 November 1988, the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Bridcage Walk, London
Benchmarking international high-technology research laboratories' marketing in Europe
