http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8592 window dressing
window dressing
Store windows no. 12.
Retail desire : design, display and visual merchandising
The best in retail corporate identity
Retail Graphics
Very small shops
Window displays = Vetrine
Creative display : inspiring ideas to make every surface beautiful
Retail product management : buying and merchandising
Windows of the world : store windows that dazzle
Cool Shops Hamburg
Style guide : the international specialist journal for display windows & shop design, visual merchandising and sales promotion
Home for now : making your rented space or first house beautiful
The power of visual presentation : Tony Horton : portfolio
The inspired retail space : attract customers, build branding, increase volume
Patternalia : an unconventional history of polka, dots, stripes, plaid, camouflage, & other graphic patterns
Bling it up! : super cute craft techniques to add decoden sparkle to phone cases, purses, jewelry & more
The complete home decorator : over 200 practical projects to transform your home, with more than 1000 colour photographs
Style guide : die internationale Fachzeitschrift für Visual Merchandising, Retail Design und Sales Promotion : the international specialist journal for visual merchandisign, retail design and sales promotion
Fortnum & Mason windows for all seasons
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 31
Shops and stores
Art sells : installation design for retail spaces
Point of purchase
Contemporary visual merchandising and environmental design
Shop windows : cosmetics
The encyclopedia of window fashions : 1000 decorating ideas for windows, bedding and accessories
One-off : independent retail design
Hip interiors : shops and showrooms
Freelancer's guide to corporate event design : from technology fundamentals to scenic and environmental design
Japan flower design award 2006.
A passion for ribbonry
SPA-DE special : retail environment desing 1
Store windows. 16
Stores and retail spaces 2
The department store : history, design, display
Contemporary visual merchandising
Special event production : the resources
Creative booth design 2 : a collection of strongest idea booths
Visual merchandising and display
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
European window displays
Show windows : 75 years of the art of display
New retail
Patternalia : an unconventional history of polka dots, stripes, plaid, camouflage, & other graphic patterns
Fashion eyes : top European display window designs
Know your fashion accessories
Visual merchandising 4
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 26
Shop window design
World shops & fashion boutiques : 52 outstanding fashion boutiques & specialty stores
Store presentation & design no. 2 : branding the store
An International Survey of the Art of Window Display. Vol. 2, window display : schaufensterkunst = l'art de l'étalage
Visual merchandising : window and in-store displays for retail
Packaging and display encyclopædia
Christmas : advertising, marketing & display
International window display : an international survey of the art of window display with special sections on interior display, mannequin design, display units and paper sculpture = Schaufensterkunst = Etalages
Applied visual merchandising
The American store window
International window display : an international survey of the art of window display with special sections on interior display, mannequin design, display units and paper sculpture = Schaufensterkunst = Étalages
Store presentation & design no. 3 : enhanging the store image
The Freelancer's Guide to Corporate Event Design is the only book that will get the reader up to speed on the ever-changing and growing industry of corporate production. Written by one of the industry's leading designers, this book uses a candid and straightforward style to illustrate the process of designing a successful event. Learn the fundamentals of venue selection, rigging, lighting, audio, video, and scenic design with informative diagrams and detailed illustrations. This guide will show how to plan, design, and execute events of any size. Additionally, the designer will be armed with a strong knowledge of common mistakes, tips and tricks, and industry standards that will build and train a production team prepared for just about anything.
Cool shops Munich
Entrepreneurship in action : a retail store simulation
Hat tricks : secrets of the millinery trade
Retail spaces : small stores under 250 m2 [2,700 sq. ft.]
Bridal crafts : beautiful ideas for a special wedding day
Windows : the art of retail display
Events exposed : managing & designing special events
Window display : new visual merchandising
Creative photocopying : using the photocopier for crafts, design and interior decoration
Hat tricks : Secrets of the millinery trade
Bars, clubs & lounges
Wear me : fashion + graphics interaction
Silent selling : best practices and effective strategies in visual merchandising
Spa-de. Vol. 5, Feature: Digital fabrication of space design-AEDS
Fashion brand graphics
Hot shops
The specialty shop : how to create your own unique and profitable retail business
Store windows no. 10
Visual merchandising : the business of merchandise presentation
What is exhibition design?
Neon world
Shopping architecture now
