http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8600 aerobics
aerobics
Bodywork : 31 hit-tracks to pump your body. 9.
The complete workout book
Coaching cheerleading successfully
Aerobic gram-negative bronchopneumonias : proceedings of the Symposium on Aerobic Gram-negative Bronchopneumonias, Brussels, September 22, 1978
Steps Mix : The Ultimate Aerobics Workout
Aerobic & fitness hits : get in shape with the greatest pop hits!
Effects of exercise on hypertension : from cells to physiological systems
Bodywork. 6 : 30 hit-tracks to pump your body
The cheerleading book : includes cheers, charts and jumps!
Body moves : non-stop disco workout. Vol. 1.
Aerobic : power workout
Aerobic fitness does not modify the effect of FTO variation on body composition traits
Music for aerobic and fitness
Bodywork. 7 : 36 hit-tracks to pump your body
The Nia technique : the high-powered energizing workout that gives you a new body and a new life
Bodywork. 10 : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body
Therapeutic exercise : foundations and techniques
Voluntary Running Aids to Maintain High Body Temperature in Rats Bred for High Aerobic Capacity
Bodywork Finland
Aerolates
Seniors workout
Full life fitness : a complete exercise program for mature adults
Associations of aerobic exercise and lifestyle activity with 2-km walking time and waist circumference
Hits of Madonna
Healthy seniors. Vol. 1.
The Bosu balance trainer : Total body workout
Bodywork : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body. 6.
Latin 19.
Cardiorespiratory Adaptations during Concurrent Aerobic and Strength Training in Men and Women
Carmen Electra aerobic workout : aerobic dance
Biological treatment of chlorophenols in fluidized bed reactor
Aerobics instructor manual : the resource for group fitness instructors
This text explores the state-of-the-art effects of exercise on blood pressure among adults with hypertension in addition to many of the possible mechanisms underlying essential hypertension in humans. The book contains chapters by distinguished experts on the effects of exercise on physiological systems known to be involved in hypertension development and maintenance as well as less well known aspects of hypertension such as exercise effects on the 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure profile, and inflammation and oxidative stress as they relate to hypertension. An emerging area, the effects of resistance exercise training on blood pressure is also covered. A unique aspect of the book is that it covers the effects of exercise mimetics on vascular cell adaptations in order to begin to elucidate some of the cellular mechanisms that may underlie blood pressure reductions with exercise training. The text also contains a chapter on the interactive effects of genes and exercise on blood pressure. Effects of Exercise on Hypertension: From Cells to Physiological Systems will be of great value to professional individuals in cardiovascular medicine, the cardiovascular sciences, allied health care professionals, and medical and graduate students in the cardiovascular sciences and medicine.
49 Step/hits
Aerobicin kilpailuliikkeitä = [I.C.A.F. glossary of movements]
Leading aerobic dance-exercise
The world of aerobic : nonstop mix. Volume 5.
MixTreeni. 3, Boxing
Kathy Smith power mix : lean walk workout music
The complete guide to circuit training
The world of aerobic. Volume 3: nonstop mix
Mariannen fat burning aerobic
Bodywork. 3, 32 hit-tracks to pump your body
Bodywork : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body. 5.
Classic dance. 4, Hyper Afro - Latin - tribal remixes
Step training
The world of aerobic : nonstop mix. Volume 3.
Latin aerobic workout
Complexity thinking in physical education : reframing curriculum, pedagogy, and research
Step aerobic : chart hits!
EyeToy : Kinetic : PlayStation 2
Carmen Electra ́s aerobic workout : hip hop
Quick start walking for weight loss
Jazz dance styles and steps for fun
Dance aerobics
Bodywork : 33 hit-tracks to pump your body
Carmen Electra's aerobic workout. Disc 03, Advanced aerobic dance
Ultimate cheerleading
Latin dance : workout for beginners and beyond
Bodywork. V : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body / compiled by Thomas Degn ; mixed by Thomas Degn and Nicklas Boesen
MixTreeni 3 : Boxing. 3, Boxing
Bodywork : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body. 2.
"Looking for exercises to improve your fitness, maximize your cross-training, or recover from an injury or condition--all with little or no impact? Water Exercise is your complete resource for fitness and rehabilitation exercises. Water workouts are a fabulous way to exercise, no matter your current fitness level. Water Exercise allows personalization of each workout plan: You can change the speed, intensity, or amount of rest based on your needs. Water Exercise if ideal for cross-training workouts and beginning to advanced fitness workouts. It will also help you recover from injury or manage a chronic condition. With underwater photos and simple instructions for each exercise, you will learn fun exercises in Water Exercise you can do in shallow or deep water. You'll also learn how to use optional equipment such as foam noodles and water buoys to strengthen muscles and improve flexibility. Exercising in the water is effective because it offers a range of therapeutic and health benefits yet still improves all the components of fitness that you get from land exercise--with no impact. With just a pool and a swimsuit, you can strengthen, rehabilitate, and add variety to your workouts with Water Exercise,"--page [4] of cover.
Bodywork. 6, 32 hit-tracks to pump your body
Pilates weight ball workout
Mid Tempo. 3.
Water exercise : includes 15 programs to improve fitness and aid rehabilitation
Bodywork. VI : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body / compiled by Thomas Degn ; mixed by Thomas Degn and Nicklas Boesen
Aeromix Beach Party!
Best of aqua & mid-tempo : aqua, step & mid-tempo : all songs 135 bpm
Latin Fitness 2015 : workout party!
Bodywork. 11 : 33 hit-tracks to pump your body
The world of aerobic : nonstop mix. Volume 4.
Jazz dance including aerobics
Estimation of aerobic fitness among young men without exercise test
Bodywork. 8 : 35 hit-tracks to pump your body
Aerobics at home : dance aerobics nonstop
Inch loss combat
Bodywork : 35 hit-tracks to pump your body. 8.
Tribal toning. Vol. 2, : healthy back
Tiia Piili a smile that lactic acids can't touch
Bodywork. 5, 32 hit-tracks to pump your body
Mixtreeni. 3, Boxing
Pilates weight ball
Bodywork VI : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body
The world of aerobic nonstop-mix. 5
Work that body : Real workout music
Effect of physical exercise on autonomic regulation of heart rate
Rats bred for low aerobic capacity become promptly fatigued and have slow metabolic recovery after stimulated, maximal muscle contractions
Bodywork Finland. 2
32 bodyshape charts
Move it : the best of PWAC music collection
Bodywork Finland. 2.
