http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p860 work ethic
work ethic
Culture's consequences : international differences in work-related values
Professional ethics and the teacher : towards a general teaching council
The healthy organization : fairness, ethics and effective management
Russian etiquette & ethics in business
Culture's consequences : comparing values, behaviors, institutions and organizations across nations
Teaching and stress
Hughes surveys 20th century theologies of work, contrasting differing approaches to consider the 'problem of labour' from a theological perspective. It is aimed at theologians concerned with how Christianity might engage in social criticism, as well as those interested in the connection between Marxist and Christian traditions.
Dealing with difficult people
Work and employment in liberal democratic societies
The ethical journalist : making responsible decisions in the digital age
Good work : when excellence and ethics meet
Mothers and midwives : the ethical journey
Argument for action : ethics and professional conduct
Merchants of doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
Values, work, education : the meanings of work
The Second Edition of this classic work, first published in 1981 and an international bestseller, explores the differences in thinking and social action that exist among members of more than 50 modern nations. Geert Hofstede argues that people carry "mental programs" which are developed in the family in early childhood and reinforced in schools and organizations, and that these programs contain components of national culture. They are expressed most clearly in the different values that predominate among people from different countries. Geert Hofstede has completely rewritten, revised and updated Cultures Consequences for the twenty-first century, he has broadened the book's cross-disciplinary appeal, expanded the coverage of countries examined from 40 to more than 50, reformulated his arguments and a large amount of new literature has been included. The book is structured around five major dimensions: power distance; uncertainty avoidance; individualism versus collectivism; masculinity versus femininity; and long term versus short-term orientation. --Publisher.
Nursing ethics and law
Swedish archaeologists on ethics
Summary.
The ethical journalist : making responsible decisions in the pursuit of news
A handbook of industrial management
The protestant work ethic : the psychology of work-related beliefs and behaviours
The culture of the new capitalism
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Protestant work ethics : a study of work ethical theories in contemporary protestant theology
Making an honest living : what do we owe the community?
The enthusiastic employee : how companies profit by giving workers what they want
Teacher morale, job satisfaction and motivation
The Oxford handbook of business ethics
An introduction to business and management ethics
The theory and measurement of work commitment
Selected writings
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism : the Talcott Parsons translation interpretations
Bounce : how champions are made
Meadowland
Education and the end of work : a new philosophy of work and learning
Elements of refusal
Ethics in professional life : virtues for health and social care
The rise of the creative class : revisited
Organizational misbehaviour in the workplace : narratives of dignity and resistance
The great workplace : how to build it, how to keep it, and why it matters
Coal and conflict : a study of industrial relations at collieries
Empty labor : idleness and workplace resistance
Ethics and values in industrial-organizational psychology
The agile librarian's guide to thriving in any institution
Defining moments : when managers must choose between right and right
Bonjour laziness : why hard work doesn't pay
The young professional's survival guide : from cab fares to moral snares
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
Caring about health
While most people work ever-longer hours, international statistics suggest that the average time spent on non-work activities per employee is around two hours a day. How is this possible, and what are the reasons behind employees withdrawing from work? In this thought-provoking book, Roland Paulsen examines organizational misbehavior, specifically the phenomenon of 'empty labor," defined as the time during which employees engage in private activities during the working day. The author explores a variety of explanations, from under-employment to workplace resistance. Building on a rich selection of interview material and extensive empirical research, he uses both qualitative and quantitative data to present a concrete analysis of the different ways empty labor unfolds in the modern workplace. This book offers new perspectives on subjectivity, rationality and work simulation and will be of particular interest to academic researchers and graduate students in organizational sociology, organization studies, and human resource management."--Publisher description. Read
The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
Drawing on the wide and deep body of knowledge that the authors acquired in the process of producing the ' FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For' ranking, top consultants Michael Burchell and Jennifer Robin reveal what separates the great from the good companies to work for.
The craftsman
The ethics of teaching
For more than 100 years, Max Weber's The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism has set the parameters for the debate over the origins of modern capitalism. Now more timely and thought provoking than ever, this esteemed classic of twentieth-century social science examines the deep cultural frame of mind that existed at the birth of modern capitalism and to this day influences attitudes toward work in northern America and Western Europe. In this volume, Stephen Kalberg revises his internationally acclaimed translation--using shorter sentences and more lucid language--to make the work even more accessible to students and other readers. Capturing the essence of Weber's style as well as the subtlety of his descriptions and causal arguments, this is the only translation of the revised 1920 edition of The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism published since 1930. To draw readers into the material, this engaging volume includes extensive introductions by the editor, a chronology of Weber's life, a glossary, and numerous clarifying endnotes. Detailed commentaries discuss the controversies Weber addressed, explain his complex causal argument by reference to the general contours of his sociology, summarize the history of the Protestant Ethic debate, and examine the significance of the Protestant Sects essays.
The empowered knowledge worker : destroying the dogma
This book is about employee enthusiasm: that special, invigorating, purposeful and emotional state that's always present in the most successful organizations. Most people are enthusiastic when they're hired: hopeful, ready to work hard, eager to contribute. What happens? Management, that's what. The Enthusiastic Employee is an action-oriented book that helps companies obtain more from workers - the basic premise is that under the right kind of leadership, the more one side wins in a collaborative relationship, the more for the other side. The book is heavily evidence-based (using extensive employee survey data) and lays out two basic ideas: the "Three-Factor Theory" of human motivation at work and the "Partnership" company culture that is based on the Three-Factor Theory and that, by far, brings out the best in people as they respond with enthusiasm about what they do and the company they do it for.
Principles of biomedical ethics
"Talk of 'spirituality' and 'individual religion' is proliferating both in popular discourse and scholarly works. Increasingly people claim to be 'spiritual but not religious,' or to prefer 'individual religion' to 'organized religion.' Scholars have for decades noted the phenomenon - primarily within the middle class - of individuals picking and choosing elements from among various religious traditions, forming their own religion or spirituality for themselves. While the topics of 'spirituality' and 'individual religion' are regularly treated as self-evident by the media and even some scholars of religion, Capitalizing Religion provides one of the first critical analyses of the phenomenon, arguing that these recent forms of spirituality are in many cases linked to capitalist ideology and consumer practices. Examining cases such as Eckhart Tolle's The Power of Now, and Karen Berg's God Wears Lipstick, Craig Martin ultimately argues that so-called 'individual religion' is a religion of the status quo or, more critically, 'an opiate of the bourgeoisie.' Capitalizing Religion: Ideology and Opiate of the Bourgeoisie is a landmark publication in critical religious studies"--
Filth
Moral mazes : the world of corporate managers
The end of work : theological critiques of capitalism
Cultures's consequences : international differences in work-related values
Work and non-work : on work and meaning
The media & morality
The ground of professional ethics
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Whistle-blowing in organizations
Ethics for journalists
The elements of journalism
Anti-oppressive ethics and values in social work
Discipline at sea : and industrial relations in the shipping industry
Employee morale : driving performance in challenging times
Professionalism and ethics in teaching
Nurses' occupational stress in primary health care : evaluated in connection to organizational social context
Ethical decision-making and moral distress in nursing practice : a literature review
Capitalizing religion : ideology and the opiate of the bourgeoisie
Moral vision in international politics : the foreign aid regime, 1949-1989
Commitment in the workplace : theory, research and application
Engineering ethics : an industrial perspective
The Business Ethics
Practical ethics for psychologists : a positive approach
Autonomy in nursing home settings
Ethical judgment in teaching
Soviet workers and the collapse of perestroika : the Soviet labour process and Gorbachev's reforms, 1985-1991
The dignity of working men : morality and the boundaries of race, class, and immigration
Merchants of Doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
The emergence of leadership : linking self-organization and ethics
Reason and professional ethics
Ethics and professionalism
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
The rise of the creative class: and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
The hacker ethic : and the spirit of the information age
The Dilbert principle : a cubicle's-eye view of bosses, meetings, management fads & other workplace afflictions
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
"People need dignity and autonomy at work. Ifthey are denied this, there will be a strong tendency to resist working conditions and misbehave at work.This book presents and analyses stories about people's resistance in working life that make us reflect upon how employees are treated at work and consequences thereof"--
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
The corrosion of character : The personal consequences of work in the new capitalism
The ideology of work
Sports, peacebuilding and ethics
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Moral problems in nursing : a philosophical investigation
