http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8609 social justice
social justice
The civic minimum : an essay on the rights and obligations of economic citizenship
Justice in a changing world
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
The fair society : the science of human nature and the pursuit of social justice
Community development in action : putting Freire into practice
Politics and passion : toward a more egalitarian liberalism
From information society to global village of wisdom : the role of ICT in realizing social justice in the developing world
Social justice in a diverse society
Caring democracy : markets, equality, and justice
Justice and the social contract : essays on Rawlsian political philosophy
"In this work of political philosophy, acclaimed philosopher G. A. Cohen sets out to rescue the egalitarian thesis that, in a society in which distributive justice prevails, people's material prospects are roughly equal. Arguing against the Rawlsian version of a just society, Cohen demonstrates that distributive justice does not tolerate the "deep inequality" that Rawls is prepared to countenance." "In the course of providing a sophisticated and far-reaching critique of Rawls's theory of justice, Cohen argues that questions of distributive justice arise not only for the state but also for people in their daily lives. The right rules for the macro scale of public institutions and policies also apply, with suitable adjustments, to the micro level of individual decision-making."--BOOK JACKET.
Violence and injustice are the two major political problems the world is facing today. By offering a fresh, innovative analysis of the concept of violence, this book presents an original insight into the nature of injustice, which forces us to rethink the scope and aims of a theory of social justice. More specifically, the book explores three closely related questions: What is violence? What is the relationship between violence and social justice? Can social justice be promoted through violence? This book brings together two bodies of literature, on violence and on social justice, that have hitherto developed and expanded in almost total isolation from each other. Needless to say, violence and injustice have a great deal in common, although it is a mistake to assume that an injustice is simply another word for violence, or vice-versa. Violence and Social Justice tries to make sense of the complexity of the relationship between injustice and violence.
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Social justice in the global age
Violence and social justice
Social equality : on what it means to be equals
Social justice and human rights in Islam
Global energy justice : problems, principles, and practices
Theories of justice
Social justice and culturally relevant prevention
Social justice in the globalization of production : labor, gender, and the environment nexus
Reconstructing social justice
Prometheus revisited : the quest for global justice in the twenty-first century
The global justice reader
Church and civil society in Finland : the role of the evangelical lutheran church in promoting social welfare and social capital
Diversities in early childhood education : rethinking and doing
Voice & matter : communication, development and the cultural return
Immigrant-background Australians' recollections of justice, injustice and agency in stories about starting school
Occupational science : society, inclusion, participation
Adult education and socialist pedagogy
"This book brings together a team of leading theorists to address the question 'What is the right measure of justice?' Some contributors, following Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum, argue that we should focus on capabilities, or what people are able to do and to be. Others, following John Rawls, argue for focussing on social primary goods, the goods which society produces and which people can use. Still others see both views as incomplete and complementary to one another. Their essays evaluate the two approaches in the light of particular issues of social justice - education, health policy, disability, children, gender justice - and the volume concludes with an essay by Amartya Sen, who originated the capabilities approach"--Provided by publisher.
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Criminal and social justice
A moment of truth : a word of faith, hope, and love from the heart of Palestinian suffering : Kairos Palestine 2009
Why social justice matters
What is this thing called global justice?
Which way social justice in mathematics education?
Conflict, cooperation, and justice : essays inspired by the work of Morton Deutsch
Social justice and political change : public opinion in capitalist and post-communist states
Social justice : welfare, crime and society
Justice for earthlings : essays in political philosophy
On environmental equity : exploring the distribution of environmental quality among socio-economic categories in the Netherlands
Schooling for social change : the rise and impact of human rights education in India
Progress of the world's women 2011-2012 : in pursuit of justice
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
Information technology and social justice
Schools of hope : a new agenda for school improvement
Human rights and social justice : social action and service for the helping and health professions
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
A need for social solidarity : understanding ubuntu and its social pedagogical value
The activist's handbook : a primer for the 1990s and beyond
Seeking social justice through globalization : escaping a nationalist perspective
Dove on fire : poems on peace, justice and ecology
Social work and human rights : a foundation for policy and practice
Social justice in the liberal state
Partner to the poor : a Paul Farmer reader
Equity and choise : an essay in economics and applied philosophy
Media and social justice
This edited collection addresses some of the most important challenges in contemporary human rights law and practice. Its central theme is the linkage between public finance, particularly budget decisions, and the realisation (or not) of economic and social rights. While much academic and political debate on economic and social rights implementation has focused on the role of the courts, this work places the spotlight squarely on those organs of government that have the primary responsibility and the greatest capacity for giving effect to such rights: namely, the elected branches of government. The major actors considered in this book are politicians, public servants and civil society, with their role in realising economic and social rights the work's key focus. The book thus makes a crucial contribution to remedying the current imbalance in attention paid by economic and social rights scholars to the legislature and executive vis-a-vis the judiciary. Featuring pioneering work by leading experts in the field of human rights and public finance, this multidisciplinary collection will be of great interest to academics, practitioners, public servants and students working in the areas of law, human rights, economics, development and political science. --Publisher's description.
Fair society, healthy lives
Transforming practice : critical issues in equity, diversity and education
Equality of opportunity : the economics of responsibility
Imperfection and impartiality : a liberal theory of social justice
Living in dignity in the 21st century : poverty and inequality in societies of humant rights : the paradox of democracies
Becoming an ally : breaking the cycle of oppression in people
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
Transcending the economy : on the potential of passionate labor and the wastes of the market
Measuring justice : primary goods and capabilities
Social justice in practice : questions in ethics and political philosophy
Hope for faith : a conversation
Social work : a critical approach to practice
Rescuing justice and equality
Moving beyond boundaries in disability studies : rights, spaces and innovations
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Reflexive democracy : political equality and the welfare state
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Globalisation, global justice and social work
"We need new ways of thinking about, and approaching, the world's energy problems. Global energy security and access is one of the central justice issues of our time, with profound implications for happiness, welfare, freedom, equity, and due process. This book combines up-to-date data on global energy security and climate change with fresh perspectives on the meaning of justice in social decision-making. Benjamin K. Sovacool and Michael H. Dworkin address how justice theory can help people to make more meaningful decisions about the production, delivery, use, and effects of energy. Exploring energy dilemmas in real-life situations, they link recent events to eight global energy injustices and employ philosophy and ethics to make sense of justice as a tool in the decision-making process. They go on to provide remedies and policies that planners and individuals can utilize to create a more equitable and just energy future"--
Poor people
Diversity education for social justice: mastering teaching skills
Responsibility for justice
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
On the people's terms : a republican theory and model of democracy
The wrong of injustice : dehumanization and its role in feminist philosophy
Democracy citizenship and globalisation
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Humanizing the economy : co-operatives in the age of capital
Earth democracy : justice, sustainability, and peace
"The definition and measurement of social welfare have been a vexed issue for the past century. This book makes a constructive, easily applicable proposal and suggests how to evaluate the economic situation of a society in a way that gives priority to the worse-off and that respects each individual's preferences over his or her own consumption, work, leisure and so on. This approach resonates with the current concern to go 'beyond the GDP' in the measurement of social progress. Compared to technical studies in welfare economics, this book emphasizes constructive results rather than paradoxes and impossibilities, and shows how one can start from basic principles of efficiency and fairness and end up with concrete evaluations of policies. Compared to more philosophical treatments of social justice, this book is more precise about the definition of social welfare and reaches conclusions about concrete policies and institutions only after a rigorous derivation from clearly stated principles"--
Pursuing equal opportunities : the theory and practice of egalitarian justice
Inclusive practices and social justice leadership for special populations in urban settings : a moral imperative
The praxis of social inequality in media : a global perspective
Space unjust : socio-spatial discrimination in urban public space : cases from Helsinki and Athens
Bioregionalism and global ethics : a transactional approach to achieving ecological sustainability, social justice, and human well-being
12th annual Aleksanteri Conference : Competition and Good Society - the Eastern Model, 24th - 26th October 2012 : abstracts
What is community? How important is community in the 21st century? Where might the idea of community "fit" in education and schooling, teaching and learning? These are the questions and themes embedded in this book. The general critique is that community is an add-on in our schools and often is dismissed as a result of the individualistic and competitive nature of schooling today. Our focus is to provide critical investigations as to the possibility of community - and that we need community now more than ever! The concept of community education brings many ideas and issues to mind. Related themes include place-based, field-based, environmental, service learning, and outdoor education. Each has its own more narrow focus with community education perhaps an umbrella term than encompasses them all. Nevertheless, the suggestion here is that instead of community education serving as an extension or add-on to traditional approaches, it should be the focus of all education. What is often missing in teaching and learning are contexts and connections than make education meaningful. Community education engages participants in problem and issues-based approaches to the local community, thereby facilitating that local to global link. Instead of compartmentalized subjects, integrated approaches use what students and the community know or understand to develop further questions, solutions, or even problems. Community education offers efficacy in that it provides opportunities for collaboration in addressing local issues and problems. It enables the community to become the classroom, thus ensuring a more long-term connection to active rather than passive endeavors as citizens.
Just sustainabilities : development in an unequal world
Promoting Diversity and Social Justice provides theories, perspectives, and strategies that are useful for working with adults from privileged groups -- those who are in a more powerful position in any given type of oppression. The thoroughly revised edition of this accessible and practical guide offers tools that allow educators to be more reflective and intentional in their work -- helping them to consider who they're working with, what they're doing, why they're doing it and how to educate more effectively. New features include: a new chapter, "The Joy of Unlearning Privilege/Oppression," highlights specific ways people from privileged groups benefit from unlearning privilege/oppression and from creating greater equity a new chapter, "Allies and Action," gives focus and guidance on how people from privileged groups can constructively and appropriately be involved in social change efforts updated Appendix of additional resources. The theories and approaches discussed can be applied to a range of situations and audiences. This book is an excellent resource for professors, teachers in classrooms and workshops, counselors, organizers, student affairs personnel, community educators, advocates, group facilitators and any other diversity trainers involved with educating others about diversity and equity.
Reflective equilibrium : essays in honour of Robert Heeger
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Politics, bildung and social justice : perspectives for a democratic society
Mind the gap : creating social justice through education policy
Community education for social justice
Social justice in a market economy
Justice between the young and the old
Imaginary boundaries of justice : social and legal justice across disciplines
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
The elements of social justice
The country of first boys and other essays
Promoting diversity and social justice: educating people from privileged groups
Tackling social exclusion
Economic aspects of social justice and human rights
Educating for social justice : transformative experiential learning
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
A general theory of domination and justice
Justice in a globalized world : a normative framework
Rethinking justice : restoring our humanity
The borders of justice
The justice motive in social behavior : adapting to times of scarcity and change
Qualitative inquiry and social justice : toward a politics of hope
Convivial life together : Bible studies on vocation, dignity and justice
Economic growth and social equity in developing countries
Social justice and the experience of emotion
A theory of fairness and social welfare
Principles of social justice
Social freedom in a multicultural state : towards a theory of intercultural justice
Human rights and public finance : budgets and the promotion of economic and social rights
This publication includes the full paper presentations presented in the International Symposium on Educational Reform (ISER) 2013 conference. ISER2013 is a symposium for national policy makers, researchers and scholars, superintendents, and principals. The annual symposium was organized by the Institute of Educational Leadership of the Faculty of Education, the University of Jyväskylä in Finland, in collaboration with the University of Kentucky, the University of Pretoria, and East China Normal University. The themes of the symposium this year were Social justice, Future creation, Ethical leadership, The Finnish School system compared to other countries, Lifelong guidance and counselling, Leadership challenges and solutions, and Introducing present school leadership research.
The New Press education reader : leading educators speak out
Origins : a sustainable concept in education
The illusions of egalitarianism
