http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8605 fermented milk products
fermented milk products
Food engineering and dairy technology
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
The formation and antimicrobial activity of nisin and plant derived bioactive components in lactic acid bacteria fermentations
Development and manufacture of yogurt and other functional dairy products
Isolation, identification and exploitation of lactic acid bacteria from human and animal normal microbiota
Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Plant proteins in fermented milk products
Therapeutic properties of fermented milks
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 3, Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Texture of fermented milk products and dairy desserts : proceedings of the IDF Symposium, held in Vicenza, Italy, 5-6 May 1997
Effects of genetic polymorphism of milk proteins on fermented milk products
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk product : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Structure modification of sour milk products by transglutaminase
Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium bifidum as probiotic additions in 'viili' - a Finnish sour milk
Cheese and fermented milk foods
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Encyclopedia of fermented fresh milk products : an international inventory of fermented milk, cream, buttermilk, whey, and related products
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Fermented milks and health : proceedings of a workshop held on September 25 and 26, 1989 at Arnhem, the Netherlands
Surface components of Streptococcus lactis subsp. cremoris from viili
Yoghurt : science and technology
Summary.
Advances in the microbiology and biochemistry of cheese and fermented milk
Isolation, identification and exploitation of lactic acid bacteria from human and animal microbiota
Butter, fermented milks and fresh cheese : enumeration of contaminating microorganisms : colony-count technique at 30 °C : ISO 13559 : IDF 153 : international standard
A colour guide to cheese and fermented milks
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
The technology and manufacture of fermented milks : a collection of lectures about fermented milks held by the FAO in association with Finland
Ugandan indigenous fermented dairy products, with particular focus on ghee
Structure modification of milk protein gels by enzymatic cross-linking
