http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8602 painting (surface treatment)
painting (surface treatment)
Stars of fortune
The forger's spell : a true story of Vermeer, nazis, and the greatest art hoax of the twentieth century
The painted kitchen : ideas and inspiration for the creative home decorator
Russian hand-painted trays
Lots of things to draw
Colour painting : using the full palette
Interior wall decoration : practical working methods for plain an decorative finishes, new and standard treatments
Mysteries of the rectangle : essays on painting
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
The portrait and figure painting book
Decorative paint finishes ; Photography By Craig Fraser & Deidi Von Schaewen
The practical guide to decorative antique effects : paints, waxes, varnishes
How to draw and paint science fiction art : a complete course in building your own futurescapes and characters, from scientific marvels to dark, dystopian visions
Watercolour Secrets
Benign icons : Patrick Woodroffe's world
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
The art and technique of sumi-e
The art of painting on silk. Vol. 1
Firnis : Material - Ästhetik - Geschichte : Internationales Kolloquium, Braunschweig, 15. bis 17. Juni 1998 = Varnish : Material - Aesthetics - History : International Colloquium, Braunschweig, 15-17 June 1998.
Instructs readers about techniques, materials and projects for oil painting.
Women's home DIY : if you want something doing, do-it-yourself : fix-it and finish-it manual : a multi-tasker's guide to home DIY, including decorating, plumbing and electrics
Traditional paints and finishes : how to use natural materials and authentic techniques in today's decorating
Advanced custom paint techniques
Surfaces, glazes & firing
Alwyn's top tips for watercolour artists
Folk art furniture
Frontier landscape : Lapland in the tradition of Finnish landscape painting
The Russian museum : Painting
Part-time ink : create your own stylish henna design and temporary tattoos
The concise illustrator's reference manual figures
THE ART OF PASTEL PAINTING
Painting with oil pastels
The complete book of decorating techniques
Modern paint effects : a guide to contemporary paint finishes from inspiration to technique
The dot
Eliza and the moonchild
Body painting
Furniture hacks : and other creative updates for a unique and stylish home
How to paint your boat : painting, varnishing, antifouling
Anatomy for the artist
The Portrait painter's problem book
Trade secrets : classic and contemporary surfaces and finishes
THE COMPLETE BOOK OF DECORATIVE PAINT TECHNIQUE
Starting face painting
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Paint effects
Vibrant children's portraits : painting beautiful hair and skin tones with oils
Finishing touches
Paint transformations
Layers of understanding : setting standards for architectural paint research : proceedings of a seminar held on 28 April 2000
Scale colour for modellers
The complete book of decorative paint techniques : the definitive step-by-step guide to paint finishes and interior decoration techniques
Japanese brush painting
Fantasy finishes : paint techniques for interiors furniture and objects
Pastel painting : step-by-step
The fundamentals of oil painting : a complete course in techniques, subjects, and styles
The fundamentals of watercolour painting : a complete course in techniques, subjects and styles
Hills & mountains
Walls & woodwork : Letts home decorator
Wallpaper & paint - getting creative with
Painting ceramics
Drawing and painting sports figures
Harvey the decorator
Diy fashionista : 40 stylish projects to re-invent and update your wardrobe
Scandinavian Painted Decor
Nineteenth-Century Artists' Oil Painting Materials and Techniques : Symposium and workshop
The second painter's problem book
How to draw and paint texture
Art academy atelier : Wii U
Fantasy art : warriors & heroes : inspiration, impact & technique
Porcelain painting with Uwe Geissler
Painting, printing and modelling
Chinese figure painting for beginners
Facing the challenges of panel paintings conservation : trends, treatments, and training : proceedings from the symposium Facing the Challenges of Panel Paintings Conservation : Trends, Treatments, and Training organized by the Getty Conservation Institute, the Getty Foundation, and the J. Paul Getty Museum : The Getty Center, Los Angeles, May 17-18, 2009
The art of rock painting
The $50 home makeover : 75 easy projects to transform your current space into your dream place - for $50 or less!
Arts of the Dreaming Australia's Living Heritage
Fantasy art expedition : draw and paint fantastic creatures and characters
Painting flowers on rocks
Home decorating : covers all rooms, surfaces, styles and techniques
Fabric painting : get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
Painting accessible abstracts
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Manual on the conservation of paintings
Capturing personality in pastel
Paint finishes : a guide to achieving creative and decorative paint effects throughout your home
How to paint classic cars : tips, techniques & step-by-step procedures for preparation & painting
Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930
Airbrushing and spray painting manual
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
Dream schemes : exotic airliner art
Creating art : flowers & nature : kukat & luonto = Kuvan tekeminen
Do it yourself : e-lehti
Babar's book of color
Painting fabric : over 20 decorative projects for the home
Drawing & painting the portrait
How to custom paint your motorcycle
Fantasy art workshop
Master strokes : a practical guide to decorative paint techniques
Painting and drawing the head
Artists & illustrators : e-lehti
Paint & body handbook
Wall effects : a comprehensive guide to decorating, disguising and transforming your walls
The human form : techniques for drawing and painting the nude
My very first art book
Terrific texture techniques : decorating with dimensional finishes
Annie Sloan's painted garden : 25 easy outdoor paint effects to transform any surface
The Haynes automotive body repair & painting manual
Creating the French look : inspirational ideas and 25 step-by-step projects
The Fantacy Illustrator's Technique Book : From creating characters to selling your work, learn the skill of the professional fantacy artist
Mastering the art of oils, acrylics and gouache
Painting and drawing with liquid colours
The complete photo guide to home repair
The magic brush : creative brush design for fabric painting
Victorian sourcebook of medieval decoration : with 166 full-color designs
The complete guide to painting and drawing : techniques and materials
How to paint flames
Paint style : the new approach to decorative paint finishes
Conservation of paintings : pocket guides
How to paint your car on a budget
Encaustic revelation : cutting-edge techniques from the masters of EncaustiCamp
Jean Haines' atmospheric watercolours : painting with expression, freedom and style
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
How to paint your car
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Sumi-e : the art of Japanese ink painting
Tile style : painting & decorating your own designs : creative ideas for personalizing tiles to fit any theme, around the home, with 30 step-by-step projects shown in 300 inspirational photographs
Crafting a colorful home : a room-by-room guide to personalizing your space with color
Be an artist in 10 steps
Creating grand illusions : the art and techniques of trompe l'oeil
Drawing and painting the seashore
Pastels masterclass : learning from professional artists at work
Outdoor paint effects
Painting Portraits
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Painted bodies : by forty-five artists
Decorative wall painting for beginners
Wibbly Pig likes pictures
Chinese brush painting : a hands-on introduction to the traditional art
Drawing portraits in all mediums
Painted Furniture : Simple Techniques for Fresh, New Looks
Drawing and painting horses
Annie Sloan's decorative paint effects : a step by step course
Decorative painting techniques : whisper painting
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
Stenmaling for begyndere
Painting ceramics in a weekend : Easy projects and stylish design
Watercolor tricks & techniques : 75 new and classic painting secrets
Painting on fabric
Printing by hand
Street rod U.S.A
Digital character design and painting
The make-up book : the official guide to make-up at levels 2 and 3
Painting flowers on silk
Furniture makeovers : simple techniques for transforming furniture with paint, stains, paper, stencils, and more
Simple painted furniture
Decorating with Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
Silk painting : techniques and projects
There is something good in everything : an adaptation of Efland's eclectic approach
Fresh paint! : new looks for unfinished furniture : 45 fun and festive projects
iPad for artists : how to make great art with your tablet
Pastel painting atelier : essential lessons in techniques, practices and materials
Encaustic art : how to paint with wax
Graffiti cookbook
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Oriental watercolour techniques
Painted pieces in a weekend
Painting, photography, film
The art of Chinese painting : capturing the timeless spirit of nature
Art lab for kids : 52 creative adventures in drawing, painting, printmaking, paper, and mixed media
ABC in rosemaling (rosepainting)
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Painting pets on rocks
How to draw and paint birds
Rock painting fun for everyone!
