http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8618 television channels
television channels
Audience economics of European Union public service broadcasters : assessing performance in competitive markets
Is there a case for an EU information television station?
It's not TV : watching HBO in the post-television era
This business of television
Television at the crossroads
Granada Television : the first generation
Strengthening the brand of a television broadcasting company in Finland : company research : Urheilukanava
Al Jazeera English : global news in a changing world
Worlds in common? : television discourse in a changing Europe
The forgotten network : DuMont and the birth of American television
An often recurring problem with most businesses is that they do not focus on their current and lost customer base with enough care. Since lost customers are already familiar with the company's product and style, they are valuable for any company to win back. Companies should have specific strategies and methods to keep their customer base as steady as possible, as well as to gain back customers that have left the company.This thesis was done for a national television channel MTV3's regional offices' use, and its purpose is to describe the case company's current situation in customer management and to provide recommendations to improve this situation, having special focus on winning back already lost customers. Theories in the thesis are mostly based on literature written of marketing and customer management, where as the empirical part is based on an online survey made by the author, interviews of key personnel, company analysis, and to the case company's current practices. The thesis begins with theoretical chapters and ends with empirical ones. Theory discusses managing lost customers and related topics, such as importance of customer loyalty. In the end recommendations and development ideas for customer management are given for the case company MTV3. The survey results and recommendations were presented to the company's sales teams and local management. Based on the comments the author received this thesis should prove to be useful for any company trying to improve its current, and especially its lost customer management practices.
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
The day I (almost) killed two Gretzkys : ...and other off-the-wall stories about sports...and life
This business of televisionTM
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Modern European television and its audience
Summary in English (s. 11-18). - Summary in French (s. 19-26).
Transnational television worldwide : towards a new media order
Pretty vacant : MTV & de-individualization in Bret Easton Ellis's Less than zero
Dancing in the distraction factory : music television and popular culture
Television across Europe : a comparative introduction
Monopoly television : MTV's quest to control the music
It’s Not TV argues that HBO, as part of the leading edge of television, is at the center of television studies’ interests in market positioning, style, content, technology, and political economy. Each essay focuses on a specific key term in television studies, drawing on a particular aspect of the "HBO effect" to explore new avenues by which we can write and think about what is happening in the current television climate from radical changes in broadcasting technology to shifts in viewing habits in the wake of DVR, on-demand digital cable services, and DVDs, for example. By taking a number of approaches and focusing on a number of key critical terms, this book will enable students to familiarize themselves with the vocabulary of a burgeoning field, while at once seeing these approaches put into practice via the case studies of popular programs including The Sopranos, Six Feet Under, and Sex and the City. By identifying HBO not simply as a channel, rather examining it as a phenomenon within the larger televisual context – at the height of its popularity and success – this collection is taking the pulse of contemporary culture in order to consider how television is created and consumed in the information age. It’s Not TV gives readers a space wherein they will find sustained investigations and varied responses to one of the most important sites of cultural production today. This collection brings together scholars from fields such as media studies, journalism, popular culture, communication studies, urban studies, political science, visual studies, and women’s studies who have examined the phenomenon of HBO in one way or another from within their specific disciplines.
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
Expansion and limits in EU television markets : audience, advertising and competition issues
Winning back lost customers : a case of MTV3
Digital video camerawork
Achos y tri : areithiau Llys y Goron Caerfyrddin = The Pencarreg three : speeches from Carmarthen Crown Court
Planning marketing communications to obtain female viewers : case: Urheilukanava
European television production : pluralism and concentration
Why I (still) want my MTV : music video and aesthetic communication
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Nickelodeon nation : the history, politics, and economics of America's only TV channel for kids
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
