http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8613 disputation
disputation
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Verbal Self-Defense
Traditions of controversy
Obligationes : 14th century logic of disputational duties
Personal pronouns in argumentation : an early tobacco controversy
Controversy and confrontation : relating controversy analysis with argumentation theory
The handbook of dispute resolution
The emotive content and concept of −tarab as encountered in the prose sections of vol. I of Kit−ab al-a−g−h−an−i
Critical thinking skills : developing effective analysis and argument
Informal logic : a handbook for critical argumentation
Argumentation and debating
Has the European experiment failed? : Ferguson and Joffe vs. Mandelson and Cohn-Bendit : the Munk debate on Europe
Public religious disputation in England, 1558-1626
Towards a new prohibitionism? : state feminism, women's movements and prostitution policies in Finland
"That in the opinion of this House" : the parliamentary culture of debate in the nineteenth-century Cambridge and Oxford Union Societies
How to win arguments
Problems of philosophical argumentation
In the line of fire : how to handle tough questions... when it counts
A functional analysis of the Finnish 2012 presidential debates
The win-win solution : guaranteeing fair shares to everybody
The new rhetoric : a treatise on argumentation
The art of always being right
Disputed questions in theology and the philosophy of religion
Instructional strategies for middle and high school : second edition
On that point! : an introduction to parliamentary debate
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
The God problem : alternatives to fundamentalism
Managing public disputes : a practical guide to handling conflict and reaching agreements
Contemporary debates in metaphysics
Taking on the challenge of the New Atheism head-on, Dr. Ravi Zacharias exposes the utter bankruptcy of the worldview of atheisms newest champion, author Sam Harris. Harris claims God is just an imaginary friend in his bestselling book, Letter to a Christian Nation. The End of Reason is a powerful and passionate reply not only to those who have read the writings of Harris, but to all Christians who have had the foundations of their beliefs decimated. This book dismantles the main arguments by Harris for atheism and answers his call to denounce Christian values. The author focuses on the goodness of God, the real nature of evil, and the foundation of true morality. - Publisher.
Congregation of the elect : patterns of self-fashioning in English Lollard writings
Reason and rhetoric in the philosophy of Hobbes
Wittgenstein's poker : the story of a ten-minute argument between two great philosophers
Persuasion and dissuasion in political discourse : a descriptive case study in the 2008 US presidential election debates
How to win every argument : the use and abuse of logic
Dialectic and inquiry in Aristotle
Televised presidential debates : advocacy in contemporary America
Logos : rational argument in classical rhetoric
On the non-deliberative nature of parliamentary debates
Cultural dialectics in Finnish advising relationships
Arguing constructively
Democracy as discussion : civic education and the American forum movement
Leaders in the living room : the prime ministerial debates of 2010 : evidence, evaluation and some recommendations
The art of winning conversation
Theological quodlibeta in the Middle Ages
Darwin's black box : the biochemical challenge to evolution
Thinking from A to Z
The Chomsky-Foucault debate : on human nature
Rocket science
Darwinism and its discontents
Contours of coherence in rabbinic Judaism
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
The Oxford guide to effective argument and critical thinking
Ancient philosophers on principles of knowledge and argumentation
The girl who couldn't stop arguing
How to argue
Cogent science in context : the science wars, argumentation theory, and Habermas
Aspects of irony as rhetorical enforcement in British parliament debates
Critical thinking : a concise guide
Hedging in immigration discourse : a comparative study of French and Swedish radio debates
Televised election debates : international perspectives
Controversy in the classroom : the democratic power of discussion
Using debate in the classroom : encouraging critical thinking, communication, and collaboration
Understanding arguments : an Introduction to Informal logic
Appealing to women : a rhetoric analysis of Mitt Romney's and Barack Obama's election debates in the 2012 presidential election
Controversies in applied linguistics
Debating : applied rhetorical theory
Recent years have seen a series of intense, increasingly acrimonious debates over the status and legitimacy of the natural sciences. These 'science wars' take place in the public arena - with current battles over evolution and global warming - and in academia, where assumptions about scientific 'objectivity' have been called into question. Given these hostilities, what makes a scientific claim merit our consideration? In "Cogent Science in Context", William Rehg examines what makes scientific arguments cogent - that is, strong and convincing - and how we should assess that cogency. Drawing on the tools of argumentation theory, Rehg proposes a multidimensional, context-sensitive framework both for understanding the cogency of scientific arguments and for conducting cooperative interdisciplinary assessments of the cogency of actual scientific arguments. Rehg first shows how argumentation theory, with methods for evaluating arguments that draw on disciplines ranging from logic to rhetoric, can provide an interdisciplinary lens through which to view the issues in the academic science wars. He then closely examines Jurgen Habermas' argumentation theory and its implications for understanding cogency, applying it to a case from high-energy physics. A series of problems, however, beset Habermas' approach. In response, Rehg outlines his own 'critical contextualist' approach, which uses argumentation-theory categories in a new and more context-sensitive way inspired by ethnography of science. Critical contextualism not only responds to the academic debates but also has relevance for the study of debates in the public arena, as Rehg demonstrates with a case study of National Academy of Sciences panels appointed to study the possible links between diet and health.
Writing and defending a thesis or dissertation in psychology and education
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing:a multimodal analysis
Dissertation solutions : a concise guide to planning, implementing, and surviving the dissertation process
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Argumentation : analysis, evaluation, presentation
Political culture in the Indonesian Parliament : analyzing parliamentary debates on the regional parliaments 1999-2009
The art of arguing in the world of Renaissance humanism
How to survive your viva
The great debaters - sanan voima
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing : a multimodal analysis
Argumentation in higher education : improving practice through theory and research
Frost/Nixon
Completing dissertations in the behavioral sciences and education
Inside arguments : logic and the study of argumentation
Elements of argument : a text and reader
Should the west engage Putin's Russia? : Pozner and Cohen vs. Applebaum and Kasparov
The art and practice of argumentation and debate
Analysis of teacher impact on collaborative argumentation in pre-IB small-groups
Texts "con and pro" : the early modern medical controversy over tobacco
Entering the agon : dissent and authority in Homer, historiography and tragedy
The end of reason : a response to the new atheists
Presenting an ardent defence of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution, this book offers a clear and comprehensive exposition of Darwin's thinking. Michael Ruse brings the story up to date, examining the origins of life, the fossil record, and the mechanism of natural selection. Rival theories are explored, from punctuated equilibrium to human evolution (including the recently found 'hobbits', Homo floresiensis). The philosophical and religious implications of Darwinism are discussed, including a discussion of Creationism and its modern day offshoot, Intelligent Design Theory. Ruse draws upon the most recent discoveries, writing with a minimum of jargon in order to appeal to all readers, from professional biologists to those concerned that Darwinism is a naturalistic religion that is forced on school children despite their own Christian convictions. Openly revealing his own beliefs, Ruse presents readers with all the information and critical tools they need to make an informed decision on evolutionary theory.
Fallacies : selected papers 1972-1982
Argumentation, information, and interaction : studies in face-to-face interactive argumentation under differing turn-taking conditions
Meaning in the media : discourse, controversy and debate
Argumentation and critical decision making
Beyond Wittgenstein's poker : new light on Popper and Wittgenstein
Debate holds enormous potential to build 21st century skills such as critical thinking, communication, collaboration, and conflict resolution in the K-12 classroom, but teachers often struggle to implement and contextualize it effectively. Using Debate in the Classroom draws on research from a variety of academic disciplines to explain the benefits of debate across subject areas, and describes how teachers can use debate to enliven their curriculum and support the aims of the Common Core. Topics include: Introducing debate as a pedagogical practice to engage students, improve school culture, and disrupt the school to prison pipeline. Using debate to teach critical literacy and improve students' reading, writing, and speaking skills. Implementing role-playing techniques to strengthen information literacy and reasoning skills. Building students' empathy, perspective-taking skills, and cultural humility as they confront difficult social issues through debate. Appendices provide a variety of tools to assist K-12 teachers in implementing debate in the classroom, including ready-made debate activities, student handouts, and a step-by-step guide to introducing students to debate in just one week.
Teaching and learning argument
Teaching the argument in writing
In search of the truth : a history of disputation techniques from antiquity to early modern times
How to argue : powerfully, persuasively, positively
