http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8610 polemic (controversy)
polemic (controversy)
Treatise on faith and justice of Christ's kingdom
The Romanovs : the final chapter
The domestic politics of Korean unification : debates on the North in the South, 1948-2008
The role of debate in creating the aesthetic, cultural, and social value of literature / Kristina Malmio
Defenders of the truth : the battle for science in the sociobiology debate and beyond
Ecumenism today : the universal church in the 21st century
How did Christianity begin? : a believer and non-believer examine the evidence
The Gospel according to Renan : reading, writing, and religion in nineteenth-century France
Other planes of there : selected writings
Catholicism contending with modernity : Roman Catholic modernism and anti-modernism in historical context
Milton and religious controversy : satire and polemic in Paradise lost
The shock of the ancient : literature & history in early modern France
'Word of God' in the thought of Ahmed Deedat
The fox-hunting controversy, 1781-2004 : class and cruelty
Impulsore Chresto : opposition to Christianity in the Roman Empire c. 50-250 AD
Literary criticism : a new history
Mark's other gospel : rethinking Morton Smith's controversial discovery
Abandoned to lust : sexual slander and ancient Christianity
Creating anti-eloquence : Epistolae obscurorum virorum and the humanist polemics on style
Is God a delusion? : a reply to religion's cultured despisers
Marlowe's literary scepticism : politic religion and post-reformation polemic
History politics in the French "Affaire Kusturica" of 1995
The crime scene of representation : a case study of the visual identity of the exhibition Rauma Biennale Balticum 2014
Fighting the Antichrist : a cultural history of anti-Catholicism in Tudor England
The religion and science debate : why does it continue?
Godless : how an Evangelical preacher became one of America's leading atheists
Why Orwell matters
Taking on the challenge of the New Atheism head-on, Dr. Ravi Zacharias exposes the utter bankruptcy of the worldview of atheisms newest champion, author Sam Harris. Harris claims God is just an imaginary friend in his bestselling book, Letter to a Christian Nation. The End of Reason is a powerful and passionate reply not only to those who have read the writings of Harris, but to all Christians who have had the foundations of their beliefs decimated. This book dismantles the main arguments by Harris for atheism and answers his call to denounce Christian values. The author focuses on the goodness of God, the real nature of evil, and the foundation of true morality. - Publisher.
The future of Atheism : Alister McGrath and Daniel Dennett in dialogue
Schediasma historico-philologicum, breves de aeonibus sistens cogitationes, quas consensu amplissimi ordinis philosophorum in Regia Acad. Aboënsi, praeside viro adm. reverendo & celeberrimo, m. Laur. Tammelin math. prof. ord. & reg. nec non pastore in Lundo. Pro gradu magisterii, examini submittit publico & in aud. majori, si Deo visum fuerit, die 11. Junii 1708. Tueri conabitur Ericus Falander, Ost-Bothniensis
Parliament and Europe : rhetorical and conceptual studies on their contemporary connections
Green illusions : the dirty secrets of clean energy and the future of environmentalism
Richard Dawkins : how a scientist changed the way we think : reflections by scientists, writers, and philosophers
Clement of Alexandria on trial : the evidence of "heresy" from Photius' Bibliotheca
The Hebrew Bible : new insights and scholarship
The God debates : a 21st century guide for atheists and believers (and everyone in between)
Faith and its critics : a conversation
Prelude to the modernist crisis : the "Firmin" articles of Alfred Loisy
Freedom in response : Lutheran ethics : sources and controversies
This volume is a translation of fragments and testimonia of Porphyry's lost work Against the Christians. The first part of the work examines author, title, date of composition, and sources. The second part discusses the structure of Against the Christians. The third part focuses on the religious, philosophical, and cultural background of this text. The fourth section constitutes the translation of the fragments and testimonia of Against the Christians. This work is especially important for historians of religion, philosophy, and Biblical Studies for it is an excellent example of a pagan tradition of scriptural interpretation and criticism of Christianity.
A new reformation : creation spirituality and the transformation of Christianity
Plato and Theodoret : the Christian appropriation of Platonic philosophy and the Hellenic intellectual resistance
Early Christianity and ancient astrology
The interpretation of Scripture : in defense of the historical-critical method
God and the new atheism : a critical response to Dawkins, Harris, and Hitchens
Conflicting ecclesiologies : exploring the ecclesiological discourse in the special commission on orthodox participation in the World Council of Churches from 1998 to 2002
Letters to Father Aristotle : a journey through contemporary American Orthodoxy
The Dawkins letters : challenging atheist myths
Texts "con and pro" : the early modern medical controversy over tobacco
Samaw'al al-Maghribi's (d. 570/1175) Ifham al-yahud - The early recension
Public communication campaigns
The written language bias in linguistics : its nature, origins and transformation
The early reception of Paul
The Christian polemic against the Jews in the Middle Ages
The end of reason : a response to the new atheists
Property matters : how property rights are under assault - and why you should care
Mr Belloc still objects to Mr Wells's "Outline of history"
Creating anti-eloquence : epistolae obscurorum virorum and the humanist polemics on style
Buy-in : saving your good idea from getting shot down
How to win arguments
More than Darwin : the people and places of the evolution-creationism controversy
Innovation and its enemies : why people resist new technologies
Literary polemics : Bataille, Sartre, Valéry, Breton
Meaning in the media : discourse, controversy and debate
The animal rights debate
Money, greed, and God : why capitalism is the solution and not the problem
God is not great : how religion poisons everything
Reason, faith, & revolution : reflections on the God debate
Understanding faith : religious belief and its place in society
Porphyry against the Christians
Baptism in the Spirit : Luke-Acts and the Dunn debate
Jesus reconsidered : scholarship in the public eye
Pope John XXII and his Franciscan cardinal : Bertrand de la Tour and the apostolic poverty controversy
Against Atheism : why Dawkins, Hitchens, and Harris are fundamentally wrong
Universal salvation in late antiquity : Porphyry of Tyre and the pagan-Christian debate
Decoding the language of God : can a scientist really be a believer? : a geneticist responds to Francis Collins
