http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8611 doctrinal disputes
doctrinal disputes
Asceticism and Christological controversy in fifth-century Palestine : the career of Peter the Iberian
Even the Calvin celebrations 2009 presented Reformation as it is: international, ecumenical, multifarious – even more that just Martin Luther. These essays of renowned theologians focus on Lutheranism debating about the arising Calvinism. With contributions by Irene Dingel, Matthias Freudenberg, Wim Janse, Robert Kolb, Martin Leiner, Volker Leppin und Herman Selderhuis.
Western Marxism and the Soviet Union : a survey of critical theories and debates since 1917
Spirit of God, Spirit of Christ : ecumenical reflections on the Filioque controversy
Cyril of Alexandria and the Nestorian controversy : the making of a saint and of a heretic
Humanism in seventeenth century spirituality
The Gnostic dialogue : the early church and the crisis of Gnosticism
Finnish summary.
Who rules in science? : an opinionated guide to the wars
On the person of Christ : the christology of Emperor Justinian
The case against Diodore and Theodore : texts and their contexts
The Filioque
Britain and the Bestandstwisten : the causes, course and consequences of British involvementin the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early seventeenth century
Leontius of Jerusalem : against the Monophysites: testimonies of the saints and aporiae
Collected works. Vol. 6, Psychological and transcendental phenomenology and the confrontation with Heidegger (1927-1931)
The debate between René Descartes and Pierre de Fermat : a pragma-dialectical analysis
The innovations of the Roman Church
The Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis. Books II and III, De fide
Eric Platt examines British participation in the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early 17th century (the Bestandstwisten) and its significant impact on both countries. Although the disputes began over predestination, they quickly took on political overtones as the two sides, the Remonstrants (Arminians) and Contra-Remonstrants, vehemently debated proper church-state relations and leading Dutch officials began supporting differing sides. By 1611 King James I and other important British figures had also become closely involved. Although the King's initial impulse was to defuse the conflict, he eventually threw his considerable influence behind the Contra-Remonstrants. This assistance helped them and their political allies secure victory, and a large British contingent participated in the Synod of Dordt that took place in the aftermath of the conflict. Not all British influences, however, came about as a result of direct involvement. Both sidesgreatly relied on British precedents and sources in arguing their positions. The conflict also had an impact on Great Britain. Observers there closely followed developments in the Bestandstwisten and repeatedly expressed concern that the conflict would spread to the British Isles. These fears proved true as the Dutch disputes contributed to increased British disputes about predestination during the 1620s. Scholars have long recognized the importance of the Bestandstwisten and Synod of Dordt for Dutch history and the development of Reformed doctrine. But there has never before been published a full-length treatment of the British involvement in the conflict and its impact on both countries. As the world prepares to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the Synod of Dordt, Platt's book fills this scholarly gap.
Estnische Kirchengeschichte im vorigen Jahrtausend = Estonian church history in the past millenium
Reclaiming D. H. Lawrence : contemporary writers speak out
The filioque impasse : patristic roots
Competing motivations in grammar and usage
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
Stargazers : Copernicus, Galileo, the telescope and the church : the astronomical renaissance 1500-1700
Sophronius of Jerusalem and seventh-century heresy : the Synodical letter and other documents
Controversies in analytical psychology
War memory, nationalism and education in postwar Japan : the Japanese history textbook controversy and Ienaga Saburo's court challenges
The evolution wars : a guide to the debates
Liberal faith in a divided church
Meeting in Stuttgart, Germany, in 2010, the Eleventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) asked for forgiveness from members of the Anabaptist/Mennonite tradition for the wrongs going back to the beginnings of the Lutheran movement in the sixteenth century that had led to painful divisions between the two Christian families. The Mennonites accepted this apology and both communities committed themselves to move toward reconciliation. On the threshold of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, this publication brings together two reports: »Healing Memories: Reconciling in Christ« by the Lutheran-Mennonite International Study Commission and »Bearing Fruit – Implications of the 2010 Reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites/Anabaptists« by the LWF Task Force on Mennonite Action.
Medieval heresies : Christianity, Judaism, and Islam
"Christianity, Judaism, and Islam is the first comparative survey of heresy and its response throughout the medieval world"--
Gregory of Nyssa : Contra Eunomium III : an English translation with commentary and supporting studies : proceedings of the 12th International Colloquium on Gregory of Nyssa (Leuven, 14-17 September 2010)
Will, action, and freedom : christological controversies in the seventh century
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 122, Against Eunomius
St. Cyril of Alexandria : the Christological controversy : its history, theology, and texts
Continuity and anachronism : parliamentary and constitutional development in Whig historiography and in the anti-Whig reaction between 1890 and 1930
The uses and abuses of history
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
Controversies in feminist theology
Poet, hagiographer, dogmatician, homilist, and liturgist, Sophronius was a well-traveled monastic with close ties to Rome and an unrivalled knowledge of the workings of the anti-Chalcedonian churches, revealed in his Synodical letter. He despatched this epistle to other church leaders when, at an advanced age, he became patriarch of Jerusalem in AD 634. The letter was read at the Sixth Ecumenical Council in 680/1, and provided the only sustained rebuttal of the monoergist doctrine, later used by eastern emperors and church leaders as a political strategy to unite Christians in the early Byzantine empire. Pauline Allen provides the first complete annotated translation of the letter in English along with other translated documents of the time which illustrate the progress of the debate and its political and ecclesiastical repercussions in the first half of the seventh century.
Discussions on some pedagogical issues
Inventing Latin heretics : Byzantines and the Filioque in the ninth century
Thirty letters to Calvin, preacher to the Genevans & Sixty signs of the kingdom of the Antichrist and his revelation which is now at hand (from The restoration of Christianity, 1553)
The fathers of the church : mediaeval continuation. Vol. 10, On the body and blood of the Lord
Moral conflicts perceived by clients, students, and instructors of a student project course in computing
In this treatise, Basil attempts to articulate a theology both of God's unitary essence and of the distinctive features that characterize the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit-a distinction that some hail as the cornerstone of "Cappadocian" theology. In Against Eunomius, we see the clash not simply of two dogmatic positions on the doctrine of the Trinity, but of two fundamentally opposed theological methods. Basil's treatise is as much about how theology ought to be done and what human beings can and cannot know about God as it is about the exposition of Trinitarian doctrine. Thus Against Eunomius marks a turning point in the Trinitarian debates of the fourth century, for the first time addressing the methodological and epistemological differences that gave rise to theological differences. Amidst the polemical vitriol of Against Eunomius is a call to epistemological humility on the part of the theologian, a call to recognize the limitations of even the best theology.
Camus & Sartre : the story of a friendship and the quarrel that ended it
Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium, one of the major books on trinitarian theology of the 4th century, documents the exchange between Eunomius and the Cappadocian Father in the last episode of the so-called "Arian Crisis". The present volume is devoted to the third and last book of Contra Eunomium. It offers a fresh English translation with a running commentary in the form of ten studies by first-rank specialists. Seventeen shorter papers enlighten various aspects of Contra Eunomium and other writings of the same author. The contributions will be of interest for scholars of historical and systematical theology, philosophy, spirituality, rhetoric and the history of the Early Church.
Ed Siecinski examines how the Church has viewed the procession of the Holy Spirit throughout its history, beginning with the Trinitarian controversies of the early Christian centuries. The first comprehensive study of the key controversy separating the Eastern and Western churches.
Religious polemics in context : papers presented to the Second International Conference of the Leiden Institute for the Study of Religions (LISOR) held at Leiden, 27-28 April, 2000
Saint Augustine and the Donatist controversy
The Donatist Church : a movement of protest in Roman North Africa
The sky's dark labyrinth
The Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis : Books II and III (Sects 47-80, De Fide)
Visions of Christ : the anthropomorphite controversy of 399 CE
Defending faith : Lutheran responses to Andreas Osiander's doctrine of justification, 1551-1559
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
"[E]xtracts from the writings of Diodore and Theodore as cited by their opponents and supporters, in their historical order, from the death of Theodore to his condemnation at the Council of Constantinople in 553" --Pg. [vii]-viii. This is a landmark work, providing the first complete collection of the remaining excerpts from the writings of Diodore of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia together with a ground-breaking study of the controversy regarding the person of Christ that raged from the fourth to the sixth century, and which still divides the Christian Church. Destroyed after their condemnation, all that remains of the dogmatic writings of Diodore and Theodore are the passages quoted by their supporters and opponents. John Behr brings together all these excerpts, from the time of Theodore's death until his condemnation at the Second Council of Constantinople (553) - including newly-edited Syriac texts (from florilegium in Cod. Add. 12156, and the fragmentary remains of Theodore's On the Incarnation in Cod. Add. 14669) and many translated for the first time - and examines their interrelationship, to determine who was borrowing from whom, locating the source of the polemic with Cyril of Alexandria. On the basis of this textual work, Behr presents a historical and theological analysis that completely revises the picture of these 'Antiochenes' and the controversy regarding them. Twentieth-century scholarship often found these two 'Antiochenes' sympathetic characters for their aversion to allegory and their concern for the 'historical Jesus', and regarded their condemnation as an unfortunate incident motivated by desire for retaliation amidst 'Neo-Chalcedonian' advances in Christology. This study shows how, grounded in the ecclesial and theological strife that had already beset Antioch for over a century, Diodore and Theodore, in opposition to Julian the Apostate and Apollinarius, were led to separate the New Testament from the Old and 'the man' from the Word of God, resulting in a very limited understanding of Incarnation and circumscribing the importance of the Passion. The result is a comprehensive and cogent account of the controversy, both Christological and exegetical together, of the early fifth century, the way it stemmed from earlier tensions and continued through the Councils of Ephesus, Chalcedon, and Constantinople II.
Elspeth Hart and the school for show-offs
The search for authority in Reformation Europe
Doctrinal controversy and lay religiosity in late Reformation Germany : the case of Mansfeld
National religion and the prayer book controversy
The kaleidoscope of science
A tale of two synods : events that led to the split between Wisconsin and Missouri
A companion to the great western schism (1378-1417)
The sensorium of God
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Erroneous and schismatical opinions : the question of orthodoxy regarding the theology of Hanserd Knollys (c. 1599-1691)
The panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis. Book I (Sects 1-46)
Trotsky and the problem of soviet bureaucracy
Rome and the Eastern Churches : a study in schism
Omalongo giili na giili : ongaka gaakuaevangeli na ngoka gaakuakatoliki : the differences between evangelical and catholic doctrines
Opponents and identity in the letter to the Philippians
Archetypal heresy : Arianism through the centuries
The filioque : history of a doctrinal controversy
Marriage, celibacy, and heresy in ancient Christianity : the Jovinianist controversy
The trinitarian theology of Hilary of Poitiers
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
Healing Memories : implications of the reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites
The positivist dispute in German sociology
