http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8612 public discussion
public discussion
What kind of democracy, whose integration? : construction of democracy and integration into the EU of Estonia
Continuity and change in the language of politics at the Swedish diet, 1769-1810
Crisis of Presence in Contemporary Culture
Bury the chains : the British struggle to abolish slavery
Public attitudes towards the 1985 Alko strike
Interlinguistica e interlingua: discursos public
In technology we trust : moral justifications in the climate change disputes in the United States
Abstract.
Internet memes -- digital snippets that can make a joke, make a point, or make a connection -- are now a lingua franca of online life. They are collectively created, circulated, and transformed by countless users across vast networks. Most of us have seen the cat playing the piano, Kanye interrupting, Kanye interrupting the cat playing the piano. In The World Made Meme, Ryan Milner argues that memes, and the memetic process, are shaping public conversation. It's hard to imagine a major pop cultural or political moment that doesn't generate a constellation of memetic texts. Memetic media, Milner writes, offer participation by reappropriation, balancing the familiar and the foreign as new iterations intertwine with established ideas. New commentary is crafted by the mediated circulation and transformation of old ideas. Through memetic media, small strands weave together big conversations. Milner considers the formal and social dimensions of memetic media, and outlines five basic logics that structure them: multimodality, reappropriation, resonance, collectivism, and spread. He examines how memetic media both empower and exclude during public conversations, exploring the potential for public voice despite everyday antagonisms. Milner argues that memetic media enable the participation of many voices even in the midst of persistent inequality. This new kind of participatory conversation, he contends, complicates the traditional culture industries. When age-old gatekeepers intertwine with new ways of sharing information, the relationship between collective participation and individual expression becomes ambivalent. For better or worse -- and Milner offers examples of both -- memetic media have changed the nature of public conversations.
The history and future of bioethics : a sociological view
Democracy and expertise : reorienting policy inquiry
The transformation of political debate : introduction
Democratizing online political discussion : a practice-oriented exploration in service design
Drawing on many examples from contemporary media culture, Alan McKee looks at how we communicate with each other in public--and how we decide whether changing forms of communication are beneficial for the "public sphere". McKee's introduction to the concept of the public sphere, or free debate space, includes background history as well as philosophical arguments concerning its function.
Blogosphere : the new political arena
Democratic illusion : deliberative democracy in Canadian public policy
The public sphere : an introduction
On the non-deliberative nature of parliamentary debates
The phantom public
Breaking free : the transformative power of critical pedagogy
On the public
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
The Medvedev papers : [the plight of Soviet science today]
The world made meme : public conversations and participatory media
Color conscious : the political morality of race
Deliberation, the media and political talk
Fat Studies in the UK is inspired by the first British UK Fat Studies seminar held in York in May 2008. The seminar helped bring together academics, health practitioners, activists and artists to discuss how contemporary UK culture represents, attempts to control and demonises fat, and to share and generate ways of countering these ideas on many fronts. FSUK contains articles, cartoons, personal reflection and reports of activism that offer a variety of ways to understand and respond to mainstream perspectives on fat, as well as stirring and suggestive calls to action in the classroom and in the gym, on the page and on the streets, in the home and in clothes shops. Fat Studies in the UK is designed to appeal to a wide audience, including practitioners, fat activists, students and academics in the fields of health and medicine, sociology, and media and cultural studies, and anyone who is concerned with the ideas perpetrated in the current 'obesity epidemic' by government, health bodies, and mainstream media.
Public attitudes towards the 1972 Alko strike
A parisian coquette or innocent mermaid? : The reception of the Havis Amanda fountain in 1908.
Cultural images of the media
Under bad weather : or how to approach "citizens talk" about the economic recession and the media
Genre and the performance of publics
The concept of the public sphere, as first outlined by German philosopher Jurgen Habermas, refers to the right of all citizens to engage in debate on public issues on equal terms. In this book, Christopher B. Balme explores theatre's role in this crucial political and social function. He traces its origins and argues that the theatrical public sphere invariably focuses attention on theatre as an institution between the shifting borders of the private and public, reasoned debate and agonistic intervention. Chapters explore this concept in a variety of contexts, including the debates that led to the closure of British theatres in 1642, theatre's use of media, controversies surrounding race, religion and blasphemy, and theatre's place in a new age of globalised aesthetics. Balme concludes by addressing the relationship of theatre today with the public sphere and whether theatre's transformation into an art form has made it increasingly irrelevant for contemporary society.
Patrick White speaks
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
Vonnegut in fact : the public spokesmanship of personal fiction
What is worthy in climate politics? : justifying moral claims in the french media and civil society
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Redefining nationalism in modern China : Sino-American relations and the emergence of Chinese public opinion in the 21st century
Fat Studies in the UK
Contested reproduction : genetic technologies, religion, and public debate
The theatrical public sphere
Trap shooting : the Finnish EU debate
Don't look back : if reality is complicated, more's the pity for reality
How to have theory in an epidemic : cultural chronicles of AIDS
Speaking hatefully : culture, communication, and political action in Hungary
Public deliberation and public culture : the writings of Bernhard Peters, 1993-2005
The SAGE handbook of rhetorical studies
Debating energy and environment : a report on the mediation of professional and expert knowledge between specialism and masscommunication
Cool it : the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming
HIV prevention: a global theological conversation
History politics in the French "Affaire Kusturica" of 1995
Integrated approach to analysis of communication in issue arenas : building a balanced communication strategy portfolio - case Paperinkeräys Oy
Normative stories of the formative moment : construction of Estonian national identity in Postimees during the EU accession process
Education policy in the media : public discourses on education
After-school hours : a risk being alone?
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
The politics of the Nazi past in Germany and Austria
On speaking terms : scientific boundary work and the discovery of aphasia, 1861-1874
Tracing texts : intertextuality in environmental discourse
Eloquence in an electronic age : the transformation of political speechmaking
Funny thought : a nation of yokels?
The category of 'invented religion' : a new opportunity for studying discourses on 'religion'
Language ideologies and media discourse : texts, practices, politics
Summary.
Public sociology : from social facts to literary acts
The German historians : Hitler's willing executioners and Daniel Goldhagen
The Medvedev papers : fruitful meetings between scientists of the world
Discourse and power
Rethinking homes in an urban planning debate
The Minority Question in Latvia : Debates and legal framework concerning the Russian-speaking minority in 1995-2003
"The world will be turned upside down, when even the maids are taught to write" : prejudices against teaching all people to write in nineteenth century Finland
The domestic politics of Korean unification : debates on the North in the South, 1948-2008
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
Media and their publics
Deliberative methods in local society research : the Kaposvár experiences
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Assessment of the public debate in Finland on the reform of the CAP after 2013
Democracy, participation, and deliberation in China : the discussion in the official Chinese Press, 1978-1981
Traversing the flood of images : a Lacanian perspective to the reasoning for art education in the Finnish schooling system
Citizen voices : performing public participation in science and environment communication
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
Policy debates on reprogenetics : the problematisation of new research in Great Britain and Germany
Design thinking as a phenomenon : design thinking as a contemporary phenomenon and as an object of discussion
The elements of journalism : what newspeople should know and the public should expect
On the liberty of the press, and public discussion and other legal and political writings for Spain and Portugal
Fight the power! : the Spike Lee reader
Setting the agenda for research on issue arenas
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Energy and the consumer : final report on the research program 1990-1992
Parliamentary communication in EU affairs : connecting with the electorate?
The impact of the internet on the public sphere and on the culture industry : a study of blogs, social news sites and discussion forums
The Kennedy assassination and the American public : social communication in crisis
Debating the Industrial Revolution
The media often talk about public opinion, The 'American' or 'British' public, or The movie-going public. A public can hold an opinion and be divided. What is The public and where did it come from? Is there one public or many? Is The very idea of The public a myth? In this fascinating book, Alastair Hannay explores these questions and unpacks a much talked about but little understood phenomenon. He begins by tracing The origins of The public back to ancient Rome, before arguing that The idea of a public sphere is closely linked to The birth of democracy in The eighteenth century. He also reflects on The Enlightenment and The origins of public opinion, as well as considering The role of The media in creating and manipulating The public, and asks whether The very idea of The public might be uprooted and undermined by The Internet and global technology. Engaging and controversial in equal measure, "On The Public "also draws on famous thinkers who have written about The public, such as Kierkegaard, Hannah Arendt, John Dewey and Jurgen Habermas.
"An empirical study of hate speech in Hungary, examining the cultural foundations of public communication and how cultural thinking can be used to inform political action through public expression"--Provided by publisher.
Public communication campaigns
Religion, culture and the politicization of honour-related violence : a critical analysis of media and policy debates in Western Europe and North America
Yes in our backyard! : facilitating proactive citizen participation in urban planning
Ireland and the federal solution : the debate over the United Kingdom constitution, 1870-1921
The European Union and the public sphere : a communicative space in the making?
Ideological horizons in media and citizen discourses : theoretical and methodological approaches
The problem of forest-based development as illustrated by the development discussion, 1850-1918
"Moves beyond institutional settings to explore public contexts that are less hierarchical, broadening the theory of how genres contribute to the interconnected and dynamic performances of public life. Extends the understanding, not only social ways of organizing texts or mediating relationships within institutions, but dynamic performances themselves"--Provided by publisher.
Debating "the ABCs of parliamentary life" : the learning of parliamentary rules and practices in the late nineteenth-century Finnish Diet and the early Eduskunta
The GM debate : risk, politics and public engagement
