http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p861 morals
morals
On law and reason
Youth and morals
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Such a long journey
The moral landscape : how science can determine human values
Notebooks for an ethics
The righteous mind : why good people are divided by politics and religion
Honor in foreign policy : a history and discussion
Economics and ethics : an introduction
Affective reactions to real-life immoral events
Fishbowl
The significance of sense : meaning, modality, and morality
The great Gatsby
Jamaica genesis : religion and the politics of moral orders
The language of morals
Moral Tension in the Psyche: A Jungian Interpretation of Managers' Moral Experiences
The dream of the Celt
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The dream and the task : literature and morals in the culture of today
A practical guide to ethics : living and leading with integrity
The theoretical foot
One shot
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
The measurement of moral judgment. Vol. 2, Standard issue scoring manual
The palliative care team : competences necessary for its success and factors that influence the team funcionality
Swimming with sharks : my journey into the world of the bankers
The new ethics : a tour of the 21st-century moral landscape
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
Can economic analysis and policy formulation be free of ethical considerations? This book provides a rationale to explain why this is not the case. The authors of this volume argue that ethics enters economics at the ground level, and trying to leave out ethics runs the risk of leading to bad economic analysis and bad policies. The book argues that all individuals who make decisions in the economy have ethical values, which affect their behaviour and the nature of their interactions with others. It also shows how the evaluation of economic performance and policies requires a thorough analysis of ethics. This includes questions regarding the role of markets and the government, and the importance of efficiency, growth, and fairness.
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
The German lesson
Moved by morality : An essay on the practicality of moral thought and talk
The collectivist approach to collective moral responsibility
Morality and the emotions
The cure for modern life : a novel
"Relational Ethics in Practice" presents a new collection of narratives on ethics in day-to-day therapeutic practice. Highly experienced professionals from a range of roles in the therapeutic professions explore ways of developing ethical and effective relationships. The contributors provide the reader with engaging and informative narratives that indicate how ethics can inform and influence practice in a variety of clinical contexts across the helping professions. These personal and professional narratives will encourage people to think more pro actively about ethics and the impact that they have on both therapeutic practice, and life in general. Throughout this book, Lynne Gabriel, Roger Casemore and their contributors emphasize that the consideration of the ethical dimension is of paramount importance to successful processes and outcomes in every therapeutic relationship. Chapters cover a number of topics including: how theoretical approaches can inform ethical decision making and practice; practical difficulties and ethical challenges; innovative and unconventional approaches; informed consent across various contexts; pointers for good practice; and, the notion of the 'wounded healer'. "Relational Ethics in Practice: Narratives from Counseling and Psychotherapy" will appeal to a wide range of readers involved in the helping professions including counselors, psychotherapists, researchers, supervisors and trainees.
The Palliative Care Team : Competences Necessary for its Success and Factors that Influence the Team Functionality
Ethical relativity
Ethics and the press : readings in mass media morality
Good people
Conscience and power : an examination of dirty hands and political leadership
Firm's ethics, consumer boycotts, and signalling
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Slightly beyond skepticism : social science and the search for morality
The truth of value : a defense of moral and literary judgment
The spy : a novel
Evolutionary origins of morality : cross-disciplinary perspectives
Moral luck : philosophical papers 1973-1980
Firms' ethics, consumer boycotts, and signalling
Developing business ethics in China
Patent morality : the little battler
The diversity of moral thinking
"Walker provides a devastating critique of the gender, race, class, and other biases endemic to the theoretical-juridical model assumed in most nonfeminist ethics. Her own expressive-collaborative ethics of responsibility offers a persuasive alternative not only to the theoretical-juridical model but also to the ethics of care as that has been construed in many feminist discussions. Presenting feminist ethics in a somewhat unexpected light, this profound and original book reaches new levels of theoretical insight and moral understanding." -- Alison M. Jaggar, University of Colorado, Boulder.
Unforbidden pleasures
Handbook of moral and character education
Anonymous money, moral sentiments and welfare
Plural and conflicting values
The Nicomachean ethics of Aristotle
Prostitution and morality : a definitive report on the prostitute in contemporary society and an analysis of the causes and effects of the suppression of prostitution
Law, morality, and legal positivism : proceedings of the 21st World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) ; Lund, Sweden, 12-18 August 2003
Problems of ethics
The God delusion
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Relational ethics in practice : narratives from counselling and psychotherapy
Heart of darkness
Swimming with sharks : inside the world of the bankers
Morality and the law
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
The functions of moral philosophy : a plea for an integration of philosophical analysis and empirical research
Great traditions in ethics
The origin and development of the moral ideas
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Morality, moral behavior, and moral development
Fiscal and ethical determinants of shadow economy : theory and evidence
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
Justine, or, The misfortunes of virtue
Eros and the good : wisdom according to nature
Consecrated venom : the serpent and the tree of knowledge
Not guilty : a defence of the bottom dog
Crime and punishment
An intelligent person's guide to ethics
The origin and development of the moral ideas : in two volumes. Vol. 1
The enforcement of morals
Metaphysics as a quide to morals
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
The limits of morality
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Morality : an introduction to ethics
Waking lions
Fair play in sport : a moral norm system
The supreme jihad
Moral theory : an introduction to ethics
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
The young professional's survival guide : from cab fares to moral snares
The common good : citizenship, morality and self-interest
Five types of ethical theory
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
The grounds of moral judgement
Media and morality : on the rise of the mediapolis
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Moral principles and political obligations
Precocious
Great traditions in ethics : an introduction
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
Collective moral responsibility : a collective as an independent moral agent?
Moral intuitions
Physicians, law, and ethics
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
Flowers for Algernon
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
The roots of ethics : science, religion, and values
Living with moral luck
The picture of Dorian Gray
Moral understandings : a feminist study in ethics
Wild justice
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Essays on the principles of morality and natural religion
Social norms and moral hazard
Why should I be moral?
Abortion : loss and renewal in the search for identity
An assessment of power abuse under ethics philosophies
The plague
The directive
Morality and action
The measurement of moral judgment. Vol. 1, Theoretical foundations and research validation
Widows and orphans : a novel
Managers and lying: Constructing a framework for empirical analysis
Market morality and company size
Virtue ethics and violations of human rights
Dimensions of moral theory : an introduction to metaethics and moral psychology
A companion to business ethics
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Firms' ethics, consumer boycotts and signalling
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
The communist view on morality
Law, liberty and morality
The psychosurgery debate : scientific, legal, and ethical perspectives
The moral ecology of markets : assessing claims about markets and justice
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
Moral theory : a contemporary overview
Selected political writings
Ethical philosophy
Ethical decision-making and moral distress in nursing practice : a literature review
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Law as a moral judgment
The morality of scholarship
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The fear of openness : an essay on friendship and the roots of morality
Might and right after the cold war : can foreign policy be moral?
Spoilsports : understanding and preventing sexual exploitation in sport
The virgin suicides
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Autonomy in nursing home settings
A good life : philosophy from cradle to grave
[Review]
Law, morality and rights : [conference organized by the Royal institute of philosophy from the 14 to 17 September 1979 at the University of Lancaster]
In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most distinguished business ethicists survey the main areas of interest and concern in the field of business ethics. Sections of the book cover topics such as the often uneasy relationship between business ethics and capitalism, the link between business ethics and ethical theory, how ethics applies to specific problems in the business world, the connection between business ethics and related academic disciplines, and the practice of business ethics in modern corporations.The book can be used as a comprehensive text for introductory or advanced courses in business ethics, as a reference for teachers and writers in the field, or as a guide for other academic or business persons who wish to become familiar with the central issues in the field. To enhance its usefulness, the volume includes bibliographies of the relevant literature and a list of internet sources for material on business ethics, and an extensive index.
A meal in winter
Scandal on stage : European theater as moral trial
The reversal
The prevalance of deceit
Morality and moral theory : a reappraisal and reaffirmation
Morality, reflection and ideology
Corruption
The fires of autumn
Democracy in America
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
Divine commands and morality
Commitment, value, and moral realism
Moral fetishism revisited
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
The Andalucian friend
An inquiry concerning the principles of morals
Organizational Storytelling, Ethics and Morality : How Stories Frame Limits of Behavior in Organizations
Your call is important to us : the truth about bullshit
The nature and justification of morality
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
The net reality and moral personhood
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
Moral experiences : descriptive business ethics in a global setting
Ethics : a beginner's guide
Ethics
