http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8624 Buddhism
Buddhism
Kaṅkhāvitaraṇī nāma mātikaṭṭhakathā : Buddhaghosa's commentary on the Pātimokkha
Psalms of the early Buddhists. 1-2, Psalms of the sisters ; Psalms of the brethren
Dance images in temples of mainland Southeast Asia
Buddism is not what you think : finding freedom beyond beliefs
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Oi munkit, ponnistelkaa lakkaamatta! : buddhalaisten kulttiesineiden näyttely = O munkar, sträven framåt oupphörligen! : utställning av buddhistiska kultföremål = Oh, ye monks, strive onwards diligently : exhibition of Buddhist ritual objects
The Buddha from Brooklyn
The elders' verses. 2, Therigatha
Sacred tattoos of Thailand : exploring the magic, masters and mystery of Sak Yan
A study of dependent origination : Vasubandhu, Buddhagosa and the interpretation of "Pratītyasamutpāda"
Living dharma : teachings of twelve buddhist masters
China and beyond : a collection of essays
The Dhammapada : The sayings of the Buddha
The collection of the middle length sayings (Majjhima-Nikāya). Vol. 3, The final fifty discourses (Uparipaṇṇāsa)
The Mahāvastu. Vol. 2
Studia philologica Buddhica. Monograph series
The dating of the historical Buddha = Die Datierung des historischen Buddha. Pt. 1
Flower adornment sutra : the ten dwellings, chapter 15
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
The Buddhist philosophy of universal flux : an exposition of the philosophy of critical realism as expounded by the school of Dignāga
The shogun's scroll : wield power and control your destiny
The Jātaka or stories of the Buddha's former births, vol. 5-6, index
Island
Step by step : basic buddhist meditations
Mindfulness for dummies
The heart of the Buddha's teaching : transforming suffering into peace, joy, & liberation : the four noble truths, the noble eightfold path, and other basic Buddhist teachings
Samantapāsādikā : Buddhaghosa's commentary on the Vinaya Piṭaka. Vol. 7
The teaching of Buddha
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
The Life of the Buddha
One million mandalas : for you to create, print and colour
How to be an agnostic
Buddhist Himalayas : people, faith and nature
Understanding Buddhism : origins, beliefs, practices, holy texts, sacred places
The diamond sutra : the Buddha also said..
The Dhammasaṅgaṇi
Hand wash cold : care instructions for an ordinary life
The Buddha : a beginner's guide
How to relax
Buddhism, the Internet, and Digital Media : The Pixel in the Lotus
Handful of leaves. Volume one : An anthology from the Digha and Majjhima Nikāyas
Thi vân Yên Tu’ = Poetic clouds of Yên Tu’
The minor readings : (Khuddakapāṭha) : the first book of the Minor collection (Khuddakanikāya)
Buddha in the crown : Avalokitesvara in the Buddhist traditions of Sri Lanka
Buddhism : one teacher, many traditions
Divine revelation in Pali Buddhism
The Buddhist annual of Ceylon
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 4, Nos. 126-133
North-western rivers and regions in the prose recension of the Kāraṇḍavyūhasūtra : probable representation of ancient Iranian beliefs in a Buddhist Sanskrit text
Man and his destinity : the release of the human mind : a study of Citta in relation to Dhamma in some ancient Indian texts
A year of buddhist festivals
My spiritual journey : personal reflections, teachings, and talks
Land of a thousand Buddhas : a pilgrimage into the heart of Tibet and the sacred city of Lhasa
Teachings of the Buddha : the wisdom of the dharma, from the pali canon to the sutras
Happiness : a guide to developing life's most important skill
Handful of leaves. Volume two : An anthology from the Samyutta Nikāya
The buddhist path to simplicity : spiritual practice for everyday life
Buddha at bedtime : tales of love and wisdom for you to read with your child to enchant, enlighten and inspire
Together we are one : honoring our diversity, celebrating our connection
The Buddhist monastic code. II : The Khandhaka rules
Two great spiritual masters share their own hard-won wisdom about living with joy even in the face of adversity. The occasion was a big birthday. And it inspired two close friends to get together in Dharamsala for a talk about something very important to them. The friends were His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. The subject was joy. Both winners of the Nobel Prize, both great spiritual masters and moral leaders of our time, they are also known for being among the most infectiously happy people on the planet. From the beginning the book was envisioned as a three-layer birthday cake: their own stories and teachings about joy, the most recent findings in the science of deep happiness, and the daily practices that anchor their own emotional and spiritual lives. Both the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Tutu have been tested by great personal and national adversity, and here they share their personal stories of struggle and renewal. Now that they are both in their eighties, they especially want to spread the core message that to have joy yourself, you must bring joy to others. Most of all, during that landmark week in Dharamsala, they demonstrated by their own exuberance, compassion, and humor how joy can be transformed from a fleeting emotion into an enduring way of life.
The book of the gradual sayings (Aṅguttara-Nikāya.) or more-numbered suttas. Vol. 5, (The book of tens and elevens)
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Handful of leaves. Volume three : An anthology from the Anguttara Nikāya
The civilization of Angkor
Life of Buddha & his teachings = Buddha Win Yoke Sone
Becoming enlightened
Weaving and binding : immigrant gods and female immortals in ancient Japan
Ocean of Dharma : The everyday wisdom of Chögyam Trungpa
The art of mindful living : how to bring love, compassion, and inner peace into your daily life
A model American
Happiness : essential mindfulness practices
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 5, Nos. 134-140
World cultures and world regions : the coming dialogue
Living buddhism
The truth of suffering and the path of liberation
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 3, Nos 115-125
Analysis of the Kanjur
The dating of the historical Buddha = Die Datierung des historischen Buddha. Pt. 2
Buddhism as a religion : its historical development and its present conditions
Tibetan Nuns: Gender as a force in a culture under "threat"
Discipline : the canonical Buddhism of the Vinayapiṭaka
Phoenix. Vol. 4 : Karma / [English translation by Dadakai]
The minor anthologies of the Pali canon. Part 2, Udāna : verses of uplift ; and, Itivuttaka : as it was said
Buddhism is not what you think : finding freedom beyond beliefs
The collections of the middle lenght sayings (Majjhima-Nikāya), Vol. 2, The middle fifty discourses (Majjhimapaṇṇāsa)
The circle of karma
Buddhist logic and epistemology : studies in the Buddhist analysis of inference and language
Looks at the science behind the ancient practices of Buddhism through the story of the spiritual life and teachings of Siddhartha, the man who would become the Buddha, and how his discoveries anticipated the findings of modern neuroscience.
Practising the dhamma with a view to nibbana
The elders' verses. 1, Theragāthā
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 2, Nos. 108-114
Questions for the Dalai Lama : answers on love, success, happiness & the meaning of life
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Brave parenting : a Buddhist-inspired guide to raising emotionally resilient children
The book of the gradual sayings (Aṅguttara-Nikāya) or more-numbered Suttas. Vol. 2, (The book of the fours)
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
The book of joy
The book of the gradual sayings (Aṅguttara-Nikāya) or more numbered Suttas. Vol. 3, (The books of the fives and sixes)
My spiritual autobiography : personal reflections, teachings and talks
eBook Religion Collection
Buddhism and nature : proceedings of an International symposium on the occasion of EXPO 1990 = Bukkyō to shizen : kokusai shimposiumu
Gautama Buddha : in life and legend
The first rule of ten
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Healing yourself : the true relationship between mind and body
The Buddhist monastic code. I : The Pāţimokkha rules
The continuity of Madhyamaka and Yogācāra in Indian Mahayana Buddhism
Hinduism and other eastern religions : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Emily Dickinson : accidental buddhist
His Holiness the Dalai Lama : infinite compassion for an imperfect world
Extraordinary times, extraordinary beings : experiences of an american diplomat with maitreya and the masters of wisdom
Mohe zhengguan fuxing chuan hongjue
Buddhist Hybrid Sanskrit grammar and dictionary
A proposal for lasting peace
The book of the kindred sayings (Saṇyutta-Nikāya) or grouped suttas. Part 4
Buddhism in Thailand
Buddhism for parents on the go : gems to minimise stress
The Tibetan book of the dead : the after-death experiences on the Bardo plane, according to Lāma Kazi Dawa-Samdup's English rendering
Mind's own physician : a scientific dialogue with the Dalai Lama on the healing power of meditation
I am a buddhist
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume III
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
Buddhism : the science of life : two monographs : also Tibetan initiates on the Buddha
The heart treasure of the enlightened ones : the practice of view, meditation, and action : a discourse virtuous in the beginning, middle, and end
Zhuan Falun : (English version)
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
All you ever wanted to know about happiness, life and living : the Dalai Lama on happiness, life, living, and much more : conversations with Rajiv Mehrotra
Buddhism : its doctrines and its methods
The book of the kindred sayings (Saṇyutta-Nikāya) or grouped Suttas. Part 5, (Mahā-vagga)
Handful of leaves. Volume five : An anthology from the Five Nikāyas
Maitreya's teachings : the laws of life
In the shadow of the Buddha : one man's journey of spiritual discovery and political danger in Tibet
The book of the kindred sayings (Saṇyutta-Nikāya) or grouped Suttas. Part 2, The Nidāna Book (Nidāna-vagga)
The Saffron Road : a journey with Buddha's daughters
Samantapāsādikā : Buddhaghosa's commentary on the Vinaya Piṭaka. Vol. 5
The wisdom of Buddhism
The book of the gradual sayings (Aṅguttara-Nikāya) or more-numbered Suttas. Vol. 1, (Ones, twos, threes)
Tales and teachings of the Buddha : the Jataka stories in relation to the Pali canon : by John Garrett Jones
What the Buddha taught : and a collection of illustrative texts translated from the original Pali
Aspects of Buddhism
The blue annals
The Barefoot book of Buddhist tales
The path of purification : Visuddhimagga
Essential Tibetan buddhism
Our appointment with life : the Buddha's teaching on living in the present
The book of the gradual sayings (Aṅguttara-Nikāya) or more-numbered suttas. Vol. 4. (The books of sevens, eights and nines)
The Tibetan book of the dead : the manuscript of the Bardo thödol
The way things are : a living approach to buddhism for today's world
Some of the dharma
Siddhartha's brain : the science of meditation, mindfulness, and enlightenment
The pocket Thich Nhat Hanh
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume II
Old path, white clouds : walking in the footsteps of the Buddha
Coming to our senses : healing ourselves and the world through mindfulness
The collection of the middle length sayings (Majjhima-Nikāya). Vol. 1, The first fifty discourses = (Mūlapaṇṇāsa)
Deepak Chopra's Buddha : a story of enlightenment
Fear : essential wisdom for getting through the storm
Wisdom beyond words : sense and non-sense in the buddhist prajnaparamita tradition
Hinduism and buddhism
Samantapāsādikā : Buddhaghosa's commentary on the Vinaya Piṭaka. Vol. 8, Indexes to vols. i-vii
No mind : the flowers of eternity
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 7, Nos. 147-149
Thai magic tattoos : the art and influence of Sak Yant
The book of the kindred sayings (Saṇyutta-Nikāya) or grouped Suttas. Part 3 translated by F. L. Woodward
The good heart : a Buddhist perspective on the teachings of Jesus
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 1, Nos. 101-107
The Bodhicaryāvatāra
Buddha : the intelligent heart
The State, religion, and thinkers in Korean Buddhism
The minor anthologies of the Pali canon. P. 4, Vimānavatthu = Stories of the mansions
Messages from Maitreya the Christ : one hundred forty messages
Hard travel to sacred places
The world of buddhism : Buddhist monks and nuns in society and culture
Beating celestial drums
A profound mind : cultivating wisdom in everyday life
An analysis of the Pali canon : being the Buddhist scriptures of the Theravada school : with a bibliography
A systematized collection of Chenian booklets Nos. 101-149. Vol. 6, Nos. 141-146
Handful of leaves. Volume four : An anthology from the Khuddaka Nikāya
