http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p862 professional ethics
professional ethics
Reconstitution of social work : towards a moral conception of social work practice
Library ethics
Nursing care at the end of life
Business ethics
Sign language interpreting : theory and practice in Australia and New Zealand
Foundations of ethical practice, research and teaching in psychology
Ethical judgment in teaching
Lawyers and fidelity to law
Case studies in biomedical ethics : decision-making, principles, and cases
Ethical economics
Values & ethics in social work practice
Working through ethics in education and leadership : theory, analysis, plays, cases, poems, prose, and speeches
Working ethically in child protection
Nursing ethics and professional responsibility in advanced practice
A multifocal approach to study pedagogical ethics in school settings
Social work values : an enquiry
Dial M for Murdoch : news corporation and the corruption of Britain / Tom Watson and Martin Hickman
"Often the school is left as an institution seemingly ethically neutral, leaving untouched questions about whether the school itself is a site of injustice toward both educators and children. Springing from his well-known "Building an Ethical School", Robert J. Starratt now looks more closely at the educational leader's responsibility to ensure that the whole fabric of the educational process reflects an ethical philosophy of education. Starratt argues that the work of educating young people is by its very nature an ethical work as well as an intellectual work, and that this work inescapably engages educators and their pupils with an academic curriculum, a social curriculum, and a civic curriculum. "Cultivating an Ethical School" lays a foundation for educators seeking to cultivate a comprehensive ethical educating environment. The second half of the book then takes up the more specific perspectives on teaching and learning that constitute the heart of cultivating an ethical school. Starratt provides examples of how an ethical school can expose students to a variety of perspectives on the challenges they will be called upon to face in the worlds of culture, nature, and society. This valuable book shows leaders and educators the importance of organizing a curriculum and a pedagogy that simultaneously respects and cultivates the intellectual, personal, and social qualities of being human"-- Provided by publisher.
Teacher morale, job satisfaction and motivation
Cultivating an ethical school
Critical reflection in context : applications in health and social care
Explorations in global media ethics
The human-animal bond and grief
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
The legal profession in the European Union
Values and ethics in the practice of psychotherapy and counselling
Statistics Finland : guidelines on professional ethics
How are new media changing the working environment? : what are the challenges?
APA handbook of ethics in psychology. Volume 1, moral foundations and common themes
The moral purposes of social work : the character and intentions of a profession
Teacher Subject Identity in Professional Practice focuses on a key, but neglected, element of a teacher's identity: that of their subject expertise. Studies of teachers' professional practice have shown the importance of a teacher's identity and the extent to which it can affect their resilience, commitment and ultimately their effectiveness. Drawing upon narrative research undertaken with a range of teachers over a period of 14 years, the book explores how subject expertise can play a significant role in teacher identity, acting as a professional compass guiding teachers at all levels of their professional practice. It reveals powerful individual stories of meaning-making which highlight the dynamic importance of teachers' subject expertise The book's metaphor of a professional compass goes to the heart of teacher professionalism, and provides a valuable mechanism to enable teachers to respond to challenges they face in their daily practice. It enables teachers to consider the moral dimensions of their practice, and can constitute a significant component in professional formation and identity. Throughout the book the importance of subject expertise for teachers' professional practice is explored at a range of scales: from the classroom to broad education policy, and at different stages of a teacher's career which offers readers a deeper understanding of the importance of subject expertise for teachers. Teacher Subject Identity in Professional Practice makes a significant contribution to an under-researched area. It identifies the role and significance of teachers' subject expertise as a dimension of their teacher identity.
Legal ethics and legal practice : contemporary issues
Faculty misconduct in collegiate teaching
Ethical and professional issues in counseling
Professional ethics: philosophy and practice
Professional civility : communicative virtue at work
Professional ethics : a multidisciplinary journal
Professional ethics and the teacher : towards a general teaching council
Youth work ethics
Medicine, money, and morals : physicans' conflict of interest
Just work
Developing professional behaviors
Military ethics : the Dutch approach : a practical guide
Decisions? Decisions! : A practical guide for sign language professionals
Values in English language teaching
The virtuous journalist : an updated view : a study in the ethics of journalism
Ethical issues in mental health
Creating the commonwealth : the economic culture of puritan New England
Ethics and excuses : the crisis in professional responsibility
Ethics in the practice of law
Professional judgment : a theoretical model and multi-experiments in nursing professional judgment
Ethics and midwifery : issues in contemporary practice
APA handbook of ethics in psychology. Volume 2, practice, teaching, and research
The ICN Code of ethics for nurses
Media professionalism and training
Ethics in speech and language therapy
Ethics and engineering
The Principles of Information Ethics
Instances of corruption in South Africa are reported on almost a daily basis - there is no scarcity of scandals that illustrate the depth and pervasiveness of this corruption. In the wake of these scandals, awareness has grown about the economic, social, and political costs of corruption, which South Africa cannot afford. With increasing intolerance of these devastating effects, pressure from citizens and financial markets prove the need for a review of good governance matters. Development Corruption in South Africa examines governance matters with a focus on corruption. This rich empirical body on governance variables and governance performance is a welcome addition to South African government literature. Pillay's approach is unique as it improves the gathering, analysing, and disseminating of new data, which is valuable to various stakeholders. This volume analyses governance from a broad analytical framework and includes an analysis of current problems as well as future problems and their causes. --Provided by publisher.
Design responsibility : potentials pitfalls : 8th Nordcode Seminar & Workshop 27-29 May 2009
Pastoral care & counselling
Ethics and consultancy : European perspectives
Ethics of the professions : medicine, business, media, law
Fysioterapeutin eettiset periaatteet = Etiska principer = Professional ethics
Professionalism and ethics in teaching
Ethical practices in speech-language pathology and audiology : case studies
Ethical issues in professional life
The ethical journalist
A guide to crisis intervention
Ethical principles of psychologists and code of conduct
Professional ideals
Ethics for adversaries : the morality of roles in public and professional life
In this critical interrogation of the meaning of media professionalism and the efficacy of training in the digital age, Niblock presents one of the very first texts to scrutinise professional norms and question the scope of the media's power. The book's synthesis of practice and theory makes it ideal for Media and Journalism students.
Ethical conflicts psychology
Teaching with integrity : the ethics of higher education practice
Promoting research integrity in a global environment / editors: Tony Mayer, Nicholas Steneck
Physical therapy ethics
Ethics and values in archaeology
Assessing lawyers' ethics : a practitioners' guide
Ethical conduct and the professional's dilemma : choosing between service and success
"Ethical Problems and Genetics Practice provides a rich, case-based account of the ethical issues arising in the genetics clinic and laboratory. By analysing a wide range of evocative and often arresting cases from practice, Michael Parker provides a compelling insight into the complex moral world of the contemporary genetics professional and the challenges they face in the care of patients and their families. This book is essential reading for anyone interested in the ethical issues arising in everyday genetics practice. Ethical Problems and Genetics Practice is also a sustained engagement with the relationships between bioethics and social science. In proposing and exemplifying a new approach to bioethics, it makes a significant contribution to debates on methods and interdisciplinarity and will therefore also appeal to all those concerned with theoretical and methodological approaches to bioethics and social science"--
"Critical reflection enables practitioners - especially those within health and social care -to theorise from their own practice, improving and developing their work and practising both creatively and professionally. This book provides an accessible overview of the influential Fook/Gardner Critical Reflection framework for students, researchers and professionals. It then presents a wide range of illustrative case studies from a variety of different health and social care settings, demonstrating how it can be used in effective and innovative practice around the world. By highlighting how professionals are actually using the Fook/Gardner model of critical reflection, it shares practical and resourceful ideas and provides specific theoretical and practical guidelines for use. It also further conceptualises and develops the theory of critical reflection by articulating underlying theory used in practice. The book also draws out particular issues for how critical reflection might be better practised within organisations, and develops a framework for a better understanding of this. The book is divided into four parts, discussing critical reflection in: Professional Practice Supervision and Management Research Education Including an up-to-date overview of the framework written by Jan Fook, this helpful text makes a significant contribution in terms of the practical theorizing of critical reflection. It will be of use to health and social care professionals keen to practice creatively and effectively, especially those undertaking short courses or further development in supervision, critical reflection, advanced practice, and leadership and management"--
Challenges in caring : explorations in nursing and ethics
The author, a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist explores how the epochal changes sweeping the media have eroded the core news that has been the essential food supply of our democracy. At a time of dazzling technological innovation, he says that what stands to be lost is the fact based reporting that serves as a watchdog over government, holds the powerful accountable, and gives citizens what they need. In a tumultuous new media era, with cutthroat competition and panic over profits, the commitment of the traditional news media to serious news is fading. Should we lose a critical mass of this news, our democracy will weaken and possibly even begin to fail. This book is also a call to arms. Despite the current crisis, there are many hopeful signs, and he closes by looking over the horizon and exploring ways the iron core can be preserved.--From publisher description.
Ethics and professionalism
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
Engineering and society : an Australian perspective
The ethics of teaching
Kirjastotyön eettiset periaatteet = Etiska principer för biblioteksarbetet = Ethical principles of library work
Inpedence: the quintessence of the lawyer
The Russian concept of work : suffering, drama, and tradition in pre- and post-revolutionary Russia
Ethics for professionals in a multicultural world
ICOM code of ethics for museums = Code de déontologie de l'ICOM pour les musées
Working virtue : virtue ethics and contemporary moral problems
Joan Tronto's Moral Boundaries. A political Argument for an Ethic of Care (1993) is one of the most influential works in the short history of the ethics of care. In her book Tronto rethinks 'care' as one of the central activities of human life and explains that it is shaped through politics. Since it is two decades ago that Moral Boundaries was published it seems more than worthwhile to take stock.
Doing anti-oppressive practice : social justice social work
Ethics in nursing practice : a guide to ethical decision making
Code of Ethics and Code of Practice
The ethics of educational leadership
Professional ethics and civil morals
Ethics and values in librarianship : a history
Veterinary ethics : animal welfare, client relations, competition and collegiality
Good: an introduction to ethics in graphic design
Engineering ethics : outline of an aspirational approach
Legal malpractice. Vol. 2, Sections 12.1 to 21.21
Radical business ethics
The ethical journalist : making responsible decisions in the digital age
Summary (s. 1-5).
Framing the professional and interprofessional ethical landscape in education : Finnish and English perspectives on teachers' moral selves
Social work values and ethics
Losing the news : the uncertain future of the news that feeds democracy
Argument for action : ethics and professional conduct
How Finnish teachers view their professional ethos : a case study
Regulating conflicts of interest for holders of public office in the European union : a comparative study of the rules and standards of professional ethics for the holders of public office in the EU-27 and EU institutions
In the language of the mother — re-storying the relational moral in teachers' stories
Brutal bosses : and their prey
War and moral dissonance
The elements of ethics : for professionals
Handbook of administrative ethics
Teacher subject identity in professional practice : teaching with a professional compass
The ethical practice of psychology in organizations
"This collection of essays, inspired by the author's experience teaching ethics to Marine and Navy chaplains during the Iraq War, examines the moral and psychological dilemmas posed by war. The first section deals directly with Dr. Peter A. French's teaching experience and the specific challenges posed by teaching applied and theoretical ethics to men and women wrestling with the immediate and personal moral conflicts occasioned by the dissonance of their duties as military officers with their religious convictions. The following chapters grew out of philosophical discussions with these chaplains regarding specific ethical issues surrounding the Iraq War, including the nature of moral evil, forgiveness, mercy, retributive punishment, honor, torture, responsibility, and just war theory. This book represents a unique viewpoint on the philosophical problems of war, illuminating the devastating toll combat experiences take on both an individual's sense of identity and a society's professed moral code"--Provided by publisher.
The warrior ethos : military culture and the War on Terror
How to address the volitional dimension of the engineer's social resposibility
The work ethic : a critical analysis
Ethics for public managers
The social work ethics casebook : cases and commentary
Health care ethics : principles and problems
Introduction to radiologic & imaging sciences & patient care
Core social work : international theory, values and practice
Cases in accounting ethics and professionalism
Ethical problems and genetics practice
Ethics of an artificial person : lost responsibility in professions and organizations
Conflicting agendas : personal morality in institutional settings
Ethical issues in social work
Research fraud in the behavioral and biomedical sciences
The concept of 'professionalism' has gained everyday resonance in the twenty-first century, especially given recent corporate scandals. However, George Cheney argues, as much as it may be discussed, professionalism has lost much of its broader social and community-related implications, as the trends of careerism, consumerism, and contingent employment have challenged and eroded collective senses of professional responsibility. In addition, professionalism has become depoliticized, even as it has continued to manifest certain racial, class-oriented, and gender biases in many contexts. In Professional Ethics, Cheney will explore everyday practices in contemporary professional ethics. Specifically, he analyzes the broad patterns of our talk about 'being a professional' in contemporary industrialized societies and in global elite networks. Above all, he aims to produce a thematically unified, theoretically informed, and accessibly written account of the ways we understand not only specific ethical issues at work (e.g., advance notification of corporate layoffs, or conflicts of interest in commerce and politics) but also the ways we frame professional ethics today. Throughout, Cheney describes the limited roles and absences of ethics in professional decisions and behavior today, and lays out the groundwork for a resurrection of professional citizenship.
Code of Professional Ethics
The media & morality
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Academic freedom and tenure : ethical issues
Knowing and going separate ways - moral relevance and moral conflicts in teaching
Ethics for managers
Introduction to counseling and guidance ; Robert L. Gibson, Marianne H. Mitchell
Towards a new ethical framework for a legal profession in transition? : proceedings of the European conference on ethics and the legal profession, held at the Ghent University (Belgium) on 25 and 26 October 2001
Just a job? : communication, ethics, and professional life
Health promotion and professional ethics : Alan Cribb and Peter Duncan
The accountant's guide to legal liability and ethics
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Boundary issues in counseling : multiple roles and responsibilities
Professionalism, boundaries and the workplace
ICOM code of ethics for museums
Why do the military need ethics in the post-modern society? : professional education in the Lithuanian armed forces
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
African public service : new challenges, professionalism and ethics in cooperation with the African Training and Research Centre in Administration for Development (CAFRAD)
Hippocratic, religious, and secular medical ethics : the points of conflict
"With open heart but clear head" : conceptualising pedagogical ethics
The conservator-restorer's professional activity and status and its responsibility towards the cultural heritage : preprints, congress Florence, Palazzo degli Affari 29-31 may 1997
Bioethics : principles, issues, and cases
Reason and professional ethics
Virtue ethics and professional roles
Development corruption in South Africa : governance matters
The role of value priorities and professional ethics training in moral  sensitivity
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Ethics in translation studies : a case study of students' sensitivity to an unethical translation assignment
Ethics in midwifery
Controversial issues in social work ethics, values, and obligations
Ethical dimensions in the health professions
Tappan's handbook of massage therapy : blending art with science
Ethical decision making for digital libraries
Engineering ethics : an industrial perspective
The moral base for teacher professionalism
Professional ethics
Professional ethics in context : institutions, images, and empathy
Introduction to engineering ethics
The Armed Forces officer
Ethics in engineering
Architecture and its ethical dilemmas
Planning ethics : a reader in planning theory, practice, and education
Counselling and psychoterapy in private practice
Loving and losing a pet : a psychologist and a veterinarian share their wisdom
Education and practice : upholding the integrity of teaching and learning
Leading through the quagmire : ethical foundations, critical methods, and practical applications for school leadership
Deconstructing “common sense”  : Normative ethics and decision-making  by sign language interpreters
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
Ethical issues in youth work
Security supervision and management : theory and practice of asset protection
Ethics and spiritual care : a guide for pastors, chaplains, and spiritual directors
Ethics management in the public service : a sensory-based strategy
Moral boundaries redrawn : the significance of Joan Tronto's argument for political theory, professional ethics, and care as practice
Ethical dilemmas in social work practice
Ethics and the professions
The crisis of incivility plaguing today's workplace calls for an approach to communication that restores respect and integrity to interpersonal encounters in organizational life. Professional civility is a communicative virtue that protects and promotes productivity, one's place of employment, and persons with whom we carry out our tasks in the workplace. Drawn from the history of professions as dignified occupations providing valuable contributions to the human community, an understanding of civility as communicative virtue, and MacIntyre's treatment of practices, professional civility supports the «practice» of professions in contemporary organizations. A communicative ethic of professional civility requires attentiveness to the task at hand, support of an organization's mission, and appropriate relationships with others in the workplace. Professional civility fosters communicative habits of the heart that extend beyond the walls of the workplace, encouraging a return to the service ethic that remains an enduring legacy of the professions in the United States.
Where the truth lies : trust and morality in PR and journalism
The firm
