http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8635 catalogues (illustrated works)
catalogues (illustrated works)
The dictionary of roses in colour
Designs of nature = Entwürfe der Natur = Diseños de la naturaleza
Field identification guide to the sharks and rays of the Mediterranean and Black Sea
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2016 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2016
Display equipment for museums, art galleries, libraries, universities, laboratories & schools
Ocean ships
School & Facility Prospectus Graphics
Fault-related rocks : a photographic atlas
The tattoo encyclopedia : a guide to choosing your tattoo
An atlas of airborne pollen grains
The tote bag
J. P. Kayser Sohn : founded 1844, Krefeld : General Catalogue 1912.
Atlas of human anatomy
The orchard and fruit garden : a new Pomona of hardy and sub-tropical fruits
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 3, Upper limb
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 4, Thorax
Slide atlas of diabetes
Atlas of orthodontics : principles and clinical applications
Wild flowers at home : first series, sixty photographs of British flowering plants growing in their haunts
The concise illustrated book of modern commercial aircraft
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2015 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2015
Wildflowers : a portrait of the natural world
Hungary : towns and the countryside
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : [vol.4]. Volume 4, a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy and pathofysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Wheaterʻs basic pathology : a text, atlas, and review of histopathology
Valistuksen kotimainen eläinkuvasto = Valistus inhemska djurbilder = Finnische Tierbilder = Pictures of Finnish animals = Tableaux d' animaux Finlandais
Catalogue of the world's most popular coins
Everyday fashions of the forties : as pictured in Sears catalogs
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1993 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1993
Color atlas of embryology
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1992 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1992
FAO photo library : Catalogue = FAO photothèque : Catalogue = FAO fototeca : Catalogo
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2012 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2012
Cultivated plants of the world : trees, shrubs, climbers
The complete portfolio of human anatomy and pathology : collection of 50 anatomical charts of human anatomy and pathology
Critical dictionary
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1985 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
The pin-up : a modest history
Wild flowers at home : second series, sixty photographs of British flowering plants growing in their haunts
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1991 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1991
Russian criminal tattoo encyclopaedia
Simplicity
Atlas of airborne pollen grains and spores in Northern Europe
The atlas of historical works in Mongolia : (selected pages) = Moǧolistan tarihi eserleri atlası (seçilmiş sayfalar)
Peterman rides again : adventures continue with the real "J. Peterman" through life & the catalog business
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2011
Look at this : contemporary brochures, catalogue & documents
The Auricula : its history and character
Tattoo bible. Book three
The book of yokai : mysterious creatures of Japanese folklore
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2010
Banners, ribbons and scrolls : CD-ROM & book
European Alpine flowers in colour
Anatomy of the horse : a pictorial approach
The ryijy-rugs in Finland : a historical study
Spiffy kitchen collectibles
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 2, Vertebral column and spinal cord
A photographic atlas of the human body : with selected cat, sheep, and cow dissections
The architecture and design of man and woman : the marvel of the human body, revealed
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 5, Abdomen and pelvis
Embroidery 1 1860
Wastewater organisms : a color atlas
Catalogue of important French furniture, higly important tapestries, fine renaissance bronzes, clocks, rugs and carpets
Women's fashions of the early 1900s : an unabridged republication of New York fashions, 1909
Flos : the Flos collection
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : [vol.3: pt 2]. Volume 3: part 2, a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : lower digestive tract
A colour atlas of diseases and disorders of cattle
The gatefold book of harley-davidson
The identification of English pressed glass : 1842-1908
Pictorial guide to costume jewelry : identification & values
The Bulfinch anatomy of antique furniture : an illustrated guide to identifying period, detail, and design
Ohio art the world of toys
Atlas of the visible human male : reverse engineering of the human body
Stickley craftsman furniture catalogs : unabridged reprints of two mission furniture catalogs "Craftsman furniture made by Gustav Stickley" and "The work of L. & J.G. Stickley"
A guide to the identification of the amphibians and reptiles of the West Indies exclusive of Hispaniola
Ore mineral atlas
Kimberlites, orangeites, lamproites, melilitites, and minettes : a petrographic atlas
1956 Montgomery Ward Fall and Winter catalogue
Bach-Dokumente : supplement zu Johann Sebastian Bach Neue Ausgabe sämtlicher Werke. Bd.4, Bilddokumente zur Lebensgeschichte Johann Sebastian Bachs = Pictorial documents of the life of Johann Sebastian Bach
Seba's snake and lizards
Create light & atmosphere
Photographic atlas of practical anatomy. 1, Companion volume including Nomina Anatomica and index
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1989
Furniture made in America : 1875-1905 : newly revised price guide
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 1, Head, neck and brain
Exotica 3 : pictorial cyclopedia of exotic plants : guide to care of plants indoors
Sports : a pictorial archive of contemporary illustrations
Chinese folk designs : [220 permission-free designs]
The world's best anatomical charts
Little book of flowers : a bouquet from Rudbeck's botanical project
20th century costume jewelry 1900-1980
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1990 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Diderot encyclopedia : the complete illustrations 1762-1777
"Monsters, ghosts, fantastic beings, and supernatural phenomena of all sorts haunt the folklore and popular culture of Japan. Broadly labeled 'yokai,' these creatures come in infinite shapes and sizes, from tengu mountain goblins and kappa water spirits to shape-shifting foxes and long-tongued ceiling-lickers. Currently popular in anime, manga, film, and computer games, many yokai originated in local legends, folktales, and regional ghost stories. Drawing on years of research in Japan, Michael Dylan Foster unpacks the history and cultural context of yokai, tracing their roots, interpreting their meanings, and introducing people who have hunted them through the ages. In this delightful and accessible narrative, readers will explore the roles played by these mysterious beings within Japanese culture and will also learn of their abundance and variety through detailed entries, some with original illustrations, on more than fifty individual creatures. The Book of Yokai provides a lively excursion into Japanese folklore and its ever-expanding influence within global popular culture. It invites readers to examine how people create, transmit, and collect folklore, and how they make sense of the mysteries in the world around them. By exploring yokai as a concept, we can better understand broader processes of tradition, innovation, storytelling, and individual and communal creativity"--Provided by publisher.
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1983 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
The fleet of the Finska Ångfartygs Aktiebolaget (Finland Steamship Co. Ltd), Helsingfors
The birds of America
Inspirational objects : a visual dictionary of simple, elegant forms
Invitation to Japanese gardens
Airlines worldwide : more than 350 airlines described and illustrated in colour
Trees and shrubs : an abridgment of the Arboretum et fruticetum Britannicum.
Illustrationsvorlagen = Picture sourcebook
Field identification guide to the sharks and rays of the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 6, Lower limb ; Appendix
Ecological atlas of soils of the world
Audubon's Birds of America
The aircraft designed and built in Finland for the Finnish Air Force
Embroidery 2 1870
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2013 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2013
Atlas of emergency procedures
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : [vol.3: pt 1]. Volume 3: part 1, a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : upper digestive tract
[Kokoelma = Collection]. 2001
Modern tractors : a photographic collection
Flowering trees of the Caribbean
The pocket encyclopaedia of roses in colour
Decorative antique ironwork : a pictorial treasury
Heraldic crests : a pictorial archive of 4,424 designs for artists and craftspeople
Kingdom of the beasts
Everyday fashions of the fifties as pictured in Sears catalogs
Flora : the Aztec herbal
Color atlas of veterinary histology
Concept cars : and prototypes
A colour atlas of diabetes
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1997 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1997
The roses
The tuberous begonia
