http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8639 disappearance
disappearance
The Queen's handbag
The perdition score
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Twisted
The next time you see me
The half life of stars
The buried giant : a novel
Dear Mr. M
The roar
All the rage
Missing, presumed
Has anyone seen my chihuahua?
A Russian novel
Nobody is ever missing
Lost city radio : a novel
Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd
The divine conjurer
Down the back of the chair
What's the matter, Bunny Blue?
Remember me like this : a novel
The Racketeer
The leftovers
The godless boys : a story of love and violence
The set-up
The black notebook
A long way home
The long and faraway gone : a novel
Alone. 5, Eye of the maelstrom
Vanish : a firelight novel
Ivan, Leila, Camille, Terry, Dodzi. Five children who have never met each other, who live very different lives in a small city. Then, one day, they all wake up in their empty homes, walk out into empty streets and wander through the empty city… No adults, no other children; just the five of them eventually finding each other, and forced to band together to face the inevitable questions – and the dangers of a modern city suddenly emptied of its inhabitants.
Alone. 1 : The vanishing
Infinite ground
After I'm gone : a novel
The vanishing of Katharina Linden
Mummy's little girl : a desperate race to save a lost child
Alone. 3 : The clan of the shark
Alone. 4 : The red cairns
Make me : a Jack Reacher novel
The house of eyes
The girl with a clock for a heart
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
Little black lies
The child's secret
The secret
The cat who got carried away
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Picture her dead
Without you
City of ashes
The final word
Only daughter
The day is dark
Mean streak
The iron daughter
The machinery
Fear the worst
The Leftovers. The complete second season
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
A far country
The Third Reich
Visitation Street
Where the heart leads : from the casebook of Barnaby Adair
Flowers for the judge
The missing marriage
The sun will still shine tomorrow
The lost daughter
Rosie's hat
The art of crash landing : a novel
Twenty questions for Gloria
A little girl is missing. Her parents are hiding something. Who will pay the price? When Jasmine Peterson goes missing, the police want to know everything. They want to know why the local park keeper, Sam McIntyre, went out of his way to befriend an eight-year-old girl. They want to know why Sam became so involved in Jasmine's family. They want to know what's concealed in Sam's past. But the police don't know the secret that Jasmine's parents are hiding, and as the time ticks away, the unstoppable chain of events that has been set in motion is hurtling towards a tragic conclusion. The question is: who will pay the price?
In the blood
"From a bucolic English town in the countryside with a quirky cast and a surprisingly lethal underbelly, the beloved amateur detective Flavia de Luce returns in a dazzling mystery from bestselling author Alan Bradley"--
Pretty girls : a novel
The quiet girl
The trouble with goats and sheep
The memory stones
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
As chimney sweepers come to dust : a Flavia de Luce novel
The fate of Katherine Carr
After she's gone
Trouble makes a comeback
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Alone. 6, The fourth dimension and a half
Shutter island
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Countdown city
The second life of Amy Archer
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
Die for you
The iron king
The judgement of the mummy
Surfacing
The sacred scroll
The Septembers of Shiraz
Gone astray
Behind closed doors
The girl in the red coat
Stay close
How to look for a lost dog
The woman on the stairs
The traitor's story
Harper and the scarlet umbrella
The living and the dead in Winsford
After Alice
Hand me down world
The wind is not a river
The Wyvern's Spur
The old Victorian pier was once a thing of beauty. It's also where 21-year-old Sophie Collier vanished eighteen years ago. Francesca has spent the last 20 years haunted by the disappearance of her best friend. But when she receives a phone call from Sophie's brother saying that a body has been found she knows she can't keep hiding from what happened. With her own secrets to keep, Francesca doesn't relish the idea of digging up the past or returning to Oldcliffe. But it is time to go back to where she grew up, and it looks like she isn't the only one there hiding truths.
Alone. 2 : The Master Of Knives
She is not invisible
Leaving the world
The Leftovers. The complete first season
Say you're sorry
Advice for strays
Chasing the dime
The penalty
Swimming lessons
When fifteen-year-old American Hailey Portman goes missing in Switzerland, her desperate parents seek the help of their neighbor, Finn Harrington, a seemingly quiet historian rumored to be a former spy.  Sensing the story runs deeper than anyone yet knows, Finn reluctantly agrees to make some enquiries. He has little to go on other than his instincts, and his instincts have been wrong in the past—sometimes spectacularly wrong.  But he gets involved anyway, never imagining that Hailey’s disappearance might be linked to the tragic events that ended his career six years earlier, drawing him back into a deadly world that has neither forgiven nor forgotten.
About Grace
A foreign country
Pathfinder
Vanished
The thrilling debut from comedy writer and stand up star, Will Smith - a novel about loneliness, about not belonging and about the corroding effects of keeping secrets. 'John le Carre meets 'Middlemarch' Independent Jersey 1987, and the storm clouds are gathering over Colin Bygate, a Mainlander married to an Islander. When he first arrived, he fell for the Island's heathered headlands and golden coves, its winding lanes and sweeping tides, its background hum of Frenchness. But now he strikes a dissonant note. Sitting on an outcrop stewing after a row with his wife, schoolteacher Colin spots one of his pupils near the edge of a cliff. Worried that the boy may have intended to jump, he drives him home, hoping that his gloomy imagination was playing tricks. But when the boy fails to turn up to school the next day, Colin feels duty-bound to track him down, pitting him against the Island establishment who would rather there was a little less noise around this particular absence. A web of characters is spun around this mystery, each with his or her own secrets. In Jersey, where everyone knows everyone else's business, you must become your own island.
The church of dead girls
Lucia and the light
Paper towns
Moon princess
The first wife
The protector
Distress signals
Murder in the green
Leftovers. the complete second season
The couple next door
The missing
City of bones
Marge and the pirate baby
Ecology and impacts of nonnative salmonids with special reference to brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis Mitchill) in North Europe
The melody lingers on : a novel
The missing person's guide to love : a novel
The facts in the case of the departure of miss Finch
Who stole the hamster?
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
"Hailed as "a combination of Eloise and Sherlock Holmes" by The Boston Globe, Flavia de Luce returns in the much anticipated new mystery novel from award-winning and New York Times bestselling author Alan Bradley.  In spite of being ejected from Miss Bodycote's Female Academy in Canada, twelve-year-old Flavia de Luce is excited to be sailing home to England. But instead of a joyous homecoming, she is greeted on the docks with unfortunate news: Her father has fallen ill, and a hospital visit will have to wait while he rests. But with Flavia's blasted sisters and insufferable cousin underfoot, Buckshaw now seems both too empty--and not empty enough. Only too eager to run an errand for the vicar's wife, Flavia hops on her trusty bicycle, Gladys, to deliver a message to a reclusive wood-carver. Finding the front door ajar, Flavia enters and stumbles upon the poor man's body hanging upside down on the back of his bedroom door. The only living creature in the house is a feline that shows little interest in the disturbing scene. Curiosity may not kill this cat, but Flavia is energized at the prospect of a new investigation. It's amazing what the discovery of a corpse can do for one's spirits. But what awaits Flavia will shake her to the very core.  Acclaim for Alan Bradley's beloved Flavia de Luce novels, winners of the Crime Writers' Association Debut Dagger Award, Barry Award, Agatha Award, Macavity Award, Dilys Award, and Arthur Ellis Award    "If ever there were a sleuth who's bold, brilliant, and, yes, adorable, it's Flavia de Luce."--USA Today    "[Flavia] is as addictive as dark chocolate."--Daily Mail    "Flavia de Luce is still the world's greatest adolescent British chemist/busybody/sleuth."--The Seattle Times"--
Four months ago, Rick went out to buy a newspaper. He never came back. His wife, Gina, is struggling to deal with her loss, and her daughter’s mood swings are getting worse. Then she receives a phone call from a woman at a country hotel, confirming details of a booking Rick made before he vanished. Desperate to find out more about his disappearance, Gina and her daughter take the trip. But there is something very strange about the hotel, and the family that run it. Soon Gina is unsure that Rick even made the booking – but one thing is clear: both mother and daughter are in serious danger.
The ice child
Where things come back
Gods without men
The English girl
The snake who came to stay
As darkness rises, will Gabe help Mara find the truth? In the spring of 1987, the carnival comes to small-town Caudry, Louisiana. Then events take a dangerous turn. For Mara Beznik, the carnival is home. It's also a place of secrets, hidden powers and a buried past - making it hard to connect with outsiders. However, sparks fly when she meets local boy Gabe Alvarado. As they become inseparable, Mara realizes Gabe is hiding his own secrets. And his family legacy could destroy Mara's world.They find the word 'freeks' sprayed on trailers, as carnival employees start disappearing. Then workers wind up dead, killed in disturbing ways by someone or something. Mara is determined to unlock the mystery, with Gabe's help. But can they really halt this campaign of fear?
The blue
The woods
Her turn to cry
Carver's truth
