http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p863 tiger
tiger
The tiger, its life in the wild
Tiger thief
Churchill's tale of tails
The nanny goat's kid
Tigers : the secret life
Lord of the forest
Tiger has a tantrum
Could a tiger walk a tightrope? : ... and other questions
Augustus si zâmbetul său = Augustus and his smile
The sultan's tigers
Seventeen-year-old Oregon teenager Kelsey forms a bond with a circus tiger who is actually one of two brothers, Indian princes Ren and Kishan, who were cursed to live as tigers for eternity, and she travels with him to India where the tiger's curse may be broken once and for all / Library off Congress.
Life of Pi
Ten apples up on top!
Ten playful tigers
Tiger : portrait of a predator
Don't wake the tiger
Agasatasa o tara hasi = Augustus and his smile
Man-eaters of Kumaon
The sea tiger
"A day in the life of the king of the jungle, this lavishly illustrated story follows a single majestic tiger through a wordless adventure of survival as it hunts prey and defends itself from other would-be killers defending their territory. This exciting tale is told without narration or dialogue, conveyed entirely through the beautiful illustrations of Federico Bertolucci. A beautiful, all-ages title that explores genuine natural behavior through the dramatic lens of Disney-esque storytelling. Like a nature documentary in illustration. --Publisher's description.
The Santa trap
The jungle book
Tiger on the wall = [Ang tigre sa pader]
Shanyi goes to China
That's not my tiger... : its nose is too fuzzy
The last tiger
A tiger's tale : the indian tiger's struggle for survival in the wild
Cop cai = Tigress
Augustus and his smile
Amazing Esme ; and the sweetshop circus
The clan of the scorpion
Who ever heard of a tiger in a pink hat?!
There's a tiger in the garden
Agusti dhe buzëqeshja e tij = Augustus and his smile
Spirit of the Siberian tiger : folktales of the Russian Far East
Tiger : spy in the jungle
Life of Pi : a novel
Too small for my big bed
Splas! = Splash!
The deer and the tiger : a study of wildlife in India
Oogastas iyo qosolkiisii = Augustus and his smile
The tiger : a true story of vengeance and survival
Luka lives in a world with no trees, no plants, no animals, but one day Luka meets the last tiger, and their friendship leads to an important discovery.
Tiger in the snow!
Big Cats In the Wild
Saving the tiger : a conservation strategy
Can we save the tiger?
With lots of love forever : a collection of cosy stories
Weirdos from another planet : a Calvin and Hobbes collection
Come on, Tiger Tom
Bit-mapped quantitative EEG analysis in a tiger (Tiger felis) with partial seizures: a case raport
Rush! = Splash!
Augasatasa aura usaki muskurahata = Augustus and his smile
The great soul of Siberia : in search of the elusive Siberian tiger
Baby animals : five stories of  endangered species
The dancing tiger
Tiger at the door
Augustus e o seu sorriso = Augustus and his smile
The revenge of the baby-sat
One year with Kipper
Secret heart
Ogistis ak souri li = Augustus and his smile
The trip to Panama
Weirdos from another planet! : a Calvin and Hobbes collection
Love. Volume 1, the tiger
Man-eater : tales of lion and tiger encounters
The book of the tiger : with a chapter on the lion in India
Tiger ways
The indispensable Calvin and Hobbes : a Calvin and Hobbes treasury
Paw prints in the snow
The essential Calvin and Hobbes
Tiger's curse
Ughustus wa-basmatuh = Augustus and his smile
Agasata ate usadi musakana = Augustus and his smile
