http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8649 soil material
soil material
A large number of low-income less-developed countries are dependent on just a few primary commodities for their export earnings. Reliance on primary commodities is particularly hazardous given the extreme behaviour and poor visibility of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage theory postulates that commodity prices are determined by expected futures prices, commodity stocks and the cost of carry. This paper uses a rich data set gathered primarily from the London Metal Exchange to test for the empirical application of the theory. In-sample analysis provides support for the theory whilst the out-of sample-results cast doubt concerning practical efficacy.
Abstract: Field methods by means of which fluvial transportation load can be measured in different circumstances are described. The lower course of the Hevojoki river and the alluvial fan formed in its mouth in the valley of Utsjoki in Lapland are regarded as example areas...
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
The paper presents the soil formation processes that take place in the gangue heaps resulted from iron mining ore at Capus quarry, Cluj County, Romania. The gangue which resulted was transported and piled up into heaps, without uncovering and a selective separation of the layers, such a low-fertility material resulted. This heap was partially levelled and used in plantation of pine (Pinus sylvestris), perennial gramineae (Lolium perenne, Dactylis glomerata, Phleum pratense), locust (Robinia pseudacacia) and spruce fir (Picea abies). After 25 years of recultivating, profiles were opened under the pine and gramineae plantations and physical and chemical analyses were carried out and compared to those of the initial heap. An evolution of the main pedogenetical indices (pH, humus, total nitrogen and mobile phosphorus and potassium) was observed in both of the studied profiles. The results show that after 25 years of planting the gangue heap with the two cultures, some layers of soil were formed, which, in a certain extent, have characteristics of the pedogenetic horizons, the evolution of the entianthrosoils towards a certain soil type being evident. The soil towards which these entianthrosoils evolve is of the Regosoil type.
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Sustainable bio-economy : potential, challenges and opportunities in Finland
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Marine sediment extraction in the Baltic Sea : status report
Bioavailability aspects of hydrophobic contaminant degradation in soils
Light earth building : a handbook for building with wood and earth
A short course in geotechnical site investigation
Earth materials
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
Bulk density of forested mineral soils
A short course in soil-structure engineering of deep foundations, excavations and tunnels
Bioavailability aspects of hydrophobic contaminant degradation in soils = Rainer Peltola
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
Mining impacts on agricultural lands and food security : case study of towns in and around Kyebi in the Eastern Region of Ghana
Finnish environmental legislation
Landfill gas : from environment to energy
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Studies on the chemical analysis of archaeological sites
Beach sediments of Crete : texture, composition, roundness, source and transport
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Drug Inventory Control : Case: Thai International Hospital Mahasarakham
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Scottish turf construction
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Sedimentation in small constructed wetlands : retention of particles, phosphorus and nitrogen in streams from arable watersheds = Sedimentasjon i fangdammer : tilbakholding av partikler, fosfor og nitrogen i landbrukspåvirkede bekker
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
The core of the sun
Soils for the archaeologist
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Texture, mineral composition, and transport of shore material on Mamaia Beach, Romania
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Ultrasonically enhanced disintegration : polymers, sludge, and contaminated soil
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Earthworm responses to metal contamination : tools for soil quality assessment
Practical building conservation. Part A and Part B, Earth, brick and terracotta
Constituents and properties of soils
Some methods of measuring fluvial transportation load, alluvial fan of Jomppala in Utsjoki, Finland
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Land acquisitions and foreign direct investment - challenges and opportunities for developing countries : case study of Kisarawe District, Tanzania; focusing small scale farmers
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Effects of birch tar oils on soil organisms and plants
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Living in earth : the sustainability of earth architecture in Uganda
Effects of rotation period on biomass production and atmospheric CO2 emissions from broadleaved stands growing on abandoned farmland
Testing the rational expectations competitive storage hypothesis
Bioremediation of contaminated soils
"Over the last 30 years, interest has grown in using clay as an environmentally friendly building material that has proved its ideal sustainability for centuries. Light earth constructions, where a wooden framework or timber-framed walls are infilled with clay and fiber material, have extraordinarily solid, structural characteristics. Earth constructions are no longer considered exotic today, which, in part, is due to this standard work. The publication presents the use of this 'old' building material comprehensively and modernly, and contains many practical tips about simplifying designs as well as using prefabricated clay materials in the contemporary construction process. The selected project examples show the diversity of this building material, and the self-build projects demonstrate the beauty of working with lightweight earth using your own hands. The book is aimed at builders, architects and engineers, producers and artisans, as well as self-builders."
Pre Vernadoc 2002 : Ramses Wissa Wassef Art Centre - Egyptian Earth Construction Association
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Abstract: Development of the river Kokemäki delta, its quaternary sediments and their chemical characteristics.
A short course in foundation engineering
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus in runoff from arable clayey soils
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Living in a changing climate
Elements of the nature and properties of soils
Soil formation processes in the gangue heaps resulted in surface mining in Cluj County (Romania)
Landfill of hazardous industrial wastes : a training manual
Reactivity of silicate liming materials from Northern Europe assessed by Soil Incubation and two pH Stat methods
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
Earth architecture
Regenerating the soil : from agronomy to agrology
Munsell soil color charts
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 2, Brick, terracotta and earth
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
Archaeology through soil chemical analysis : an evaluation
A short course in soil and rock slope engineering
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Principles and practice of soil science : the soil as a natural resource
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Forest operations and environmental protection : forests and society : the role of research : proceedings of a symposium organized by IUFRO Group 3.11.00 at the XXI IUFRO World Congress, 7-12 August 2000, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus i runoff from arable clayey soils
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Midterm review of the national integrated pest management programme in Nepal, phase II
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
