http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8646 letters
letters
New letters of Berlioz : 1830-1868 = Nouvelles lettres de Berlioz
The raw shark texts
Love letters : an anthology from the British Isles 975-1944
The lost years
Late old Babylonian documents and letters
Letters from Early Mesopotamia
Jedi academy. 2 : Return of the padawan
Letters of composers : an anthology 1603-1945
Dear thief
A Critical and exegetical commentary on the Epistles of St. Peter and St. Jude
Gustav Mahler, Richard Strauss / : correspondence 1888-1911
The 13th reality. Book 4, The void of mist and thunder
The case of Paavo Nurmi in light of the correspondence between the International Amateur Athletic Federation and Urheiluliitto (A.A.A. of Finland)
"By my Lords comand, I am to acquainte you" : an edition of the Seventeenth-Century correspondence of the Wentworth family in the Folger Shakespeare Library
Winnie-the-Pooh and the day of very important letters
Please enjoy your happiness
Speeches and writings 1832-1858 : Speeches, letters, and miscellaneous writings ; The Lincoln-Douglan debates
The lost soldier
The 13th reality. Book 2, The hunt for dark infinity
Letters from Skye : a novel
Four letter word : new love letters
Selected letters of Mary Antin
Letters to a young poet
Life and letters of Berlioz. Volume 2
Everything is nice : collected stories, sketches and plays
The autobiographical ana of Robley Dunglison, M.D
Conscience be my guide : an anthology of prison writings
Hornus-Sonyel correspondence on the Armenian question
: "Nathan Söderblom has been acknowledged as an important artisan of the dialogue aimed at re-establishing Christian unity based on initiatives that could promote common religious values despite denominational differences, by means of concrete actions and by understanding the way in which society [...] still remains the centre of God's attention." Daniel, Patriarch of Romanian Orthodox Church
Royal correspondence of the Assyrian empire. 1, Translation and transliteration
The Beatrice letters
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 11
In 1944 Chicago, Liz Stephens reluctantly agrees to ghostwrite a letter to soldier Morgan McClain, who is stationed overseas, for her friend Betty and becomes torn by her feelings for a man who doesn't know her true identity
Letters to Liz: Zoe's letter
Delius : a life in letters. 2, 1909-1934
The last little blue envelope
The passion of Mademoiselle S. : letters to a lover
Dear committee members
Yours, Plum : the letters of P. G. Wodehouse
The charming true story of an inquisitive little boy who decided to write every country in the world. Two years ago, seven-year-old Toby decided he'd like to write to someone in every country, to find out more about the world we live in. With his Mum's encouragement, he set about hand-writing to research scientists in Antarctica, game-keepers in Chad and to a very famous South African president... Nearly everyone he wrote to responded, sometimes sending photos, recipes or drawings, telling Toby a little about where they lived -- how they lived, what food they ate, what school was like, and, importantly for Toby (as someone very interested in dinosaurs), whether there were fossils. This book is the result, bringing together the huge variety of replies that Toby received. Charming, touching and fascinating, this is a book that shows that the world is only as big as your imagination and that it is full of potential friends, waiting to be discovered, no matter where you live.
The last flight
The Brownings' correspondence. Vol. 20, November 1853-November 1854 : letters 3291-3486
The musician's world : letters of the great composers
French kissing
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 13
Letters in the British Museum. Part 2
Letters from Jenny
Learn with Maisy
Frederick Delius and Peter Warlock : a friendship revealed
Public enemies : dueling writers take on each other and the world
Celibate season
Letters to Liz: Nicki's letter
Love itself : in the letter box
Assyrian letters 1-5
Israel's law and the church's faith : Paul and his recent interpreters
The Brownings' correspondence. Vol. 18, February 1852-March 1853 : letters 3001-3173
Cloud atlas
Dear world, how are you?
Babylonian letters of the Ḫammurapi period
An anthropologist at work : writings of Ruth Benedict
The day the crayons quit
The letters of D. H. Lawrence. Vol. 3, October 1916-June 1921
No cure for love
Letters to his family : an autobiography
Letters of Franz Liszt. Vol. 1, From Paris to Rome : years of travel as virtuoso
Delicious! : a tale of love, war and cake
Private and public voices : an interdisciplinary approach to letters and letter writing
Demolition
The Brownings' correspondence. Vol. 19, March 1853-November 1853 : letters 3174-3290
Pound/Joyce : the letters of Ezra Pound to James Joyce, with Pound's essays on Joyce
The sandalwood tree
The portable Dorothy Parker
We are all made of stars
About planet earth
Letters from Assyrian scholars to the kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanipal. 1, Texts
50 Harbor street
From A to X : a story in letters
Love from Paddington
Ladies of letters : take a cheeky peek at Irene and Vera's private correspondence
We need to talk about Kevin
The temptation of the west
Dear fairy godmother : a lift-the-flap book
The Bodley Head Scott Fitzgerald. Vol. II
Life and letters of Berlioz. Volume 1
Selected correspondence. Vol. 3
Santa's outback secret
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian letters and related material
Letters to anyone and everyone
How to write successful cover letters
First in a new series. After losing her job as a journalist at the age of 45, Lila Wilkins accepts an internship at A Novel Idea, a thriving literary agency in North Carolina. When a penniless aspiring author drops dead in the agency's waiting room--and Lila discovers a series of threatening letters--she's determined to find out who wrote him off.
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
Lifetime encyclopedia of letters
Into the blue
Mark Twain's book of animals
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 7
Artaud on theatre
Mrs. Sinclair's suitcase
Letters of Franz Liszt. Vol. 2, From Rome to the end
Seven little postmen
Russian winter
E-mails and faxes in english
Don't go where I can't follow
The letters of D. H. Lawrence. Vol. 2, June 1913-October 1916
Russia's Hawaiian adventure, 1815-1817
Love from Paris
A book of Latin letters
Selected letters of Rebecca West
Egypt : the book of chaos
Speedpost : letters to my children about living, loving, caring and coping with the world
Two of us
Santa responds : he's had enough...and he's writing back!
Kids' letters to Harry Potter from around the world : an unauthorized collection
Speeches and writings 1859-1865 : Speeches, letters, and miscellaneous writings ; Presidential messages and proclamations
Jane Austen stole my boyfriend
A home for the homeless : a sociological exegesis of 1 Peter, its situation and strategy
So this is permanence : Joy Division : lyrics and notebooks
Selected correspondence. Vol. 2
John Quincy Adams and American continental empire : letters, papers and speeches
Bloomsbury guide to letter writing
Finnish Hall Societyn arkisto 1957-1965
The gardener
World without end
Letters in the British Museum
I am China
Letters from Scandinavia : on the past and present state of the northern nations of Europe
Nathan Söderblom : artisan of Christian unity between North and East : his correspondence with Orthodox personalities (1896-1931)
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 12
Letters and essays
The portable Stephen Crane ; edited, with an introduction and notes, by Joseph Katz
Royal correspondence in the Hellenistic period : a study in Greek epigraphy
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 9
Royal correspondence of the Assyrian empire. 3, Commentary
Clothing the body of Christ at Colossae : a visual construction of identity
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 10
Fever at dawn
The love letter
Letters to a young contrarian
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 14
Letters to Liz: Amber's letter
The 13th reality. Book 3, The blade of shattered hope
A straightforward guide to writing business and personal letters
Material aspects of letter writing in the Graeco-Roman world : c. 500 BC - c. AD 300
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
The collected letters of Joseph Conrad. Vol. 5, 1912-1916
Selected correspondence. Vol. 1
Selected prose
Ella Minnow Pea : a progressively lipogrammatic epistolary fable
Olin Downesin arkisto
Writings : Boston and London, 1722-1726 ; Philadelphia, 1726-1757 ; London, 1757-1775 ; Paris, 1776-1785 ; Philadelphia, 1785-1790 ; Poor Richard's Almanack, 1733-1758 ; The Autography
The Rumblewick letters : my unwilling witch
Mahler's unknown letters
Things I want my daughters to know
Cats : an anthology of stories and poems
The peculiar life of a lonely postman
Royal correspondence of the Assyrian empire. 2, Translation and transliteration
Everything Is Nice/ The Collected Stories Of Jane Bowles
Death of a poison pen
High dudgeon : crafting affective narratives from (semi-) official texts
Beyond the sea
Literary love affair : [an anthology of poems, letters and extracts from classic novels]
A commentary on the epistles of Peter and of Jude
The musicians world : the composers in their letters
The lesbian pillow book
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
Dear Santa
Among the mad : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Challenging world of historical letters
The complete poetry and prose of William Blake
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village:an argument for diversity of habitable places
Letters from Father Christmas
The war years 1939-1945
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The 13th reality. Book 1, The journal of curious letters
Letters from home
The perks of being a wallflower
Richard Aldington & H.D. : the later years in letters
Delius : a life in letters. 1, 1862-1908
Royal correspondence of the Assyrian empire. 4, Supplement and indexes
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 8
Buried in a book
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village : an argument for diversity of habitable places
