http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8640 becoming destroyed
becoming destroyed
The tower
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
The providence
Virus : the day of resurrection
X-events : the collapse of everything
A gathering of wings
The Cell
"Many assume that modern works of art are easily preserved; that their whereabouts can be readily established thanks to sophisticated documentation systems; and that in general they are not subject to loss or destruction. But many important works have disappeared over the last century in a variety of ways including war, theft, natural catastrophe, and carelessness. Most significantly, loss itself has been a major theme within modern and contemporary art, with elements of transience central to the practice of many well-known figures. Grouped into ten sections -- Discarded, Missing, rejected, Attacked, Destroyed, Erased, Ephemeral, Transient, Unrealised and Stolen -- this unique survey includes forty case studies looking at the stories behind lost works of art, ranging from the shunning of Epstein's British Medical Association sculptures in 1908, to Michael Landy's 2001 project Break Down, where he systematically destroyed every one of his possessions."
Gregor the Overlander
The knowledge : how to rebuild our world after an apocalypse
High-rise
Myth, cosmos, and society : Indo-European themes of creation and destruction
The secrets of the lost ark - museums in Karelia and their destruction during the Winter War and the Continuation War (1939-1944)
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 2, Mortimer versus Mortimer
World war Z
The girl with all the gifts
The prefect
Ray Bradbury's The martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
On the edge of gone
Aces high
Y, The last man : Book one
A security breach at a secret U.S. government facility unleashes the monstrous product of a chilling military experiment that only six-year-old orphan Amy Harper Bellafonte can stop.
Cyberstorm
The last policeman
Bosnia and the destruction of cultural heritage
The passage
South
Rubble : the afterlife of destruction
Cargo of doom
Consolation : a novel
The breakdown of a Lappish ecosystem in northern Finland
The secrets of the lost ark-museums in Karelia and their destruction during the Winter War and the Continuation War (1939-1944)
The fall of Rome was just the beginning. A new empire will rise ...AD 439: the Roman Empire is on the brink of collapse. With shocking speed a Vandal army has swept through the Roman provinces of Spain and north Africa, conquering Carthage and threatening Roman control of the Mediterranean. But a far greater threat lies to the east, a barbarian force born in the harsh steppelands of Asia, warriors of unparalleled savagery who will sweep all before them in their thirst for conquest - the army of Attila the Hun. For a small group of Roman soldiers and a mysterious British monk, the only defence is to rise above the corruption and weakness of the Roman emperors and hark back to the glory days of the Roman army centuries before, to find strength in history. But then they devise a plan of astonishing audacity that will take them to the heart of darkness itself, to the stronghold of the most feared warrior-king the world has ever known. In the showdown to come, in the greatest battle the Romans have ever fought, victory will go to those who can hold high the most potent symbol of war ever wrought by man - the sacred sword of Attila.
12 monkeys. Season one
The five stages of collapse : survivors' toolkit
The dead lands
Earth
J. G. Ballard's compelling and unnerving tale of what happens when life in a luxury apartment building descends into chaos. 'Later, as he sat on his balcony eating the dog, Dr Robert Laing reflected on the unusual events that had taken place within this huge apartment building during the previous three months.' Within the walls of an elegant forty-storey high-rise, the affluent tenants are hell-bent on an orgy of destruction. Cocktail parties degenerate into marauding attacks on 'enemy' floors, and the once-luxurious amenities become an arena for mayhem. In this visionary novel, the veneer of civilised society is stripped away as the inhabitants of the high-rise, driven by primal urges, create a dystopian world ruled by intimidation and violence.
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
World War Z : an oral history of the zombie war
Revelation space
Lost, stolen or shredded : stories of missing works of art and literature
Casket of souls
Charon's claw
The other life
World of trouble
Transformers : age of extinction
The rise and fall of a great nation
A decimated Shiite shrine in Iraq. The smoking World Trade Center site. The scorched cityscape of 1945 Dresden. Among the most indelible scars left by war is the destroyed landscapes, and such architectural devastation damages far more than mere buildings. Robert Bevan argues here"that shattered buildings are not merely "collateral damage," but rather calculated acts of cultural annihilation.From Hitler's Kristallnacht to the toppling of Saddam Hussein's statue in the Iraq War, Bevan deftly sifts through military campaigns and their tactics throughout history, and analyzes the cultural impact and catastrophic consequences of architectural destruction. For Bevan, these actions are nothing less than cultural genocide. Ultimately, Bevan forcefully argues for the prosecution of nations that purposely flout established international treaties against destroyed architecture.A passionate and thought-provoking cri de coeur, "The Destruction of Memory "raises questions about the costs of war that run deeper than blood and money."The idea of a global inheritance seems to have fallen by the wayside and lessons that should have long ago been learned are still being recklessly disregarded.
The prophet of Yonwood
The death of sacred texts : ritual disposal and renovation of texts in world religions
The war for survival of the planet Lusitania will be fought in the hearts of a child named Gloriously Bright.  On Lusitania, Ender found a world where humans and pequininos and the Hive Queen could all live together; where three very different intelligent species could find common ground at last. Or so he thought.  Lusitania also harbors the descolada, a virus that kills all humans it infects, but which the pequininos require in order to become adults. The Starways Congress so fears the effects of the descolada, should it escape from Lusitania, that they have ordered the destruction of the entire planet, and all who live there. The Fleet is on its way, and a second xenocide seems inevitable.
Pride of Baghdad : inspired by a true story
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Daughter of the centaurs
Abandoned futures : a journey to the posthuman world
The little stranger
Vanishing landscapes
Ruins / edited by Brian Dillon
Dying of the light
The last policeman : a novel
January 29, 2035. That's the day the comet is scheduled to hit-the big one. Denise and her mother and sister, Iris, have been assigned to a temporary shelter outside their hometown of Amsterdam to wait out the blast, but Iris is nowhere to be found, and at the rate Denise's drug-addicted mother is going, they'll never reach the shelter in time. A last-minute meeting leads them to something better than a temporary shelter-a generation ship, scheduled to leave Earth behind to colonize new worlds after the comet hits. But everyone on the ship has been chosen because of their usefulness. Denise is autistic and fears that she'll never be allowed to stay. Can she obtain a spot before the ship takes flight? What about her mother and sister?
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
The infinite sea
Dead wake : the last crossing of the Lusitania
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 1, Mortimer in Tokyo
The fall
Lost art : missing artworks of the twentieth century
The collapse of complex societies
Ray Bradbury's The Martian chronicles
Books on fire : the destruction of libraries throughout history
The passage : a novel
Barbarians to angels : the Dark Ages reconsidered
Anathem
The Martian chronicles
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
The year of the flood
Art under attack : histories of British iconoclasm
Viking Dublin : The Wood Quay Excavations
Toxicity of silver nanoparticles and induced cytokine expression with special reference to the rat cochlea
Zed : a cosmic tale
Under destruction : Museum Tinguely, Basel, 15.10.2010 - 23.1.2011 : Swiss Institute Contemporary Art, New York, 6.4. - 4.6.2011 / Herausgeber = editors Gianni Jetzer, Chris Sharp, Roland Wetzel ; Aufsätze = essays Boris Groys ... [et al.] ; Werktexte = profile texts Barbara Casavecchia ... [et al.]
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
The Passage
The Destruction of Memory : Architecture at War
The sword of Attila
Monuments men : allied heros, Nazi thieves, and the greatest treasure hunt in history
In Dublin, the Wood Quay-Fishamble Street archaeological excavations were a constant media story throughout the 1970s and 1980s, when the threat of official destruction brought thousands of protestors into the streets. Although this highly-publicized protest failed to "Save Wood Quay," it did force the most extensive urban excavations ever undertaken in Europe that yielded more unprecedented data about town layout in Dublin 1,000 years ago than about any other European Viking town of the time. Dozens of often nearly intact building foundations, fences, yards, pathways, and quaysides, as well as thousands of artifacts and environmental samples, were unearthed in the course of the campaign. In this book, Dr. Pat Wallace, the chief archaeologist who directed the Wood Quay and Fishamble Street excavations, provides a detailed examination of the implications of these discoveries for Viking-Age and Anglo-Norman Dublin by placing them in their national and international contexts. Lavishly illustrated with over 500 color images, maps, and drawings, together with detailed descriptions and analyses of the artifacts, this pioneering study gathers all the finds and discusses them in the context of parallel discoveries in Ireland, Britain, Scandinavia, and northern Europe, with the historical, economic, and cultural milieu of Hiberno-Scandinavian Dublin as the background. [Subject: History, Archaeology, Viking Studies, Medieval Studies, Art History, Irish Studies]
Migration
12 monkeys. Season two
The road
Aleppo : the rise and fall of Syria's great merchant city
This is the story of John Self, consumer extraordinaire. Ceaselessly inventive and savage, this is a tale of life lived without restraint; of money, the terrible things it can do and the disasters it can precipitate
The planet of the future
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
Maailman ääriin : Until the end of the world
This fully illustrated catalogue explores the history of attacks on art in Britain, from the reformation of the 16th century to the present day, demonstrating how religious, political, moral and aesthetic controversy can become arenas for assaults on art.
