http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8642 xenophobia
xenophobia
Embracing the other : addressing xenophobia in the new literatures in English
The far right and racism
The annual report on the situation regarding racism and xenophobia in the member states of the EU : EUMC 2006
Space and languages : measuring differences
Blood and oranges : European markets and immigrant labor in rural Greece
Nation-states and xenopohpbias : in the ruins of former Yugoslavia
A scapegoat in the new wilderness : the origins and rise of anti-semitism in America
Racism at the top : parliamentary discourses on ethnic issues in six European states
The politics of fear : what right-wing populist discourses mean
Invaded
Anti-Italianism in sixteenth-century France
The globalization of racism
The discourse of race in modern China
Fascist Europe : the rise of racism and xenophobia
Racist and right-wing violence in Scandinavia : patterns, perpetrators and responses
Excluding the minorities : ethnic representation in the Finnish press
How the workers became muslims : immigration, culture, and hegemonic transformation in Europe
The construction of racial identities in China and Japan : historical and contemporary perspectives
Radical Right-wing populism in Western Europe
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Crash : 2-disc director's cut edition
Toward a tolerant Finland : campaign years in retrospect
Executive summary (s. 9-30).
Policing racist crime and violence : a comparative analysis
Racism, xenophobia and the academic response : European perspectives : proceedings from the Unica conference on racism and xenophobia, Stockholm 29-31 August 1999
Antisemitism and xenophobia in Germany after unification
Towards ethnic equality and diversity : Government Action Plan to combat ethnic discrimination and racism : adopted by the government plenary session on 22 March 2001.
Manifestations of antisemitism in the EU 2002-2003 : based on information by the National Focal Points of the EUMC-RAXEN Information Network
Speech and harm : controversies over free speech
Thinking through islamophobia
Xenophobia and Islamophobia in Europe
Domino : a manual to use peer group education as a means to fight racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance
International action against racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance in the OSCE region : a comparative study
A good decision on racism
Race and ethnicity : comparative and theoretical approaches
Fair exotics : xenophobic subjects in English literature, 1720-1850
American swastika : inside the white power movement's hidden spaces of hate
Executive summary (s. 9-24).
"I'm not a racist, but..." : the moral quandary of race
Insiders and outsiders : citizenship and xenophobia in contemporary Southern Africa
Russian nationalism and the national reassertion of Russia
"Are anti-Muslim attitudes becoming the spectre that is haunting Europe? Is Islamophobia as widespread and virulent as is made out? Or do some EU societies appear more prejudiced than others? To what extent are European fears about unmanaged immigration the basis for scapegoating Muslim communities? And is there an anti-elitest dimension to Europeans' protest about rapid demographic change occurring in their countries? This cross-national analysis of Islamophobia looks at these questions in an innovative, even-handed way, steering clear of politically-correct clichés and stereotypes. It cautions that Islamophobia is a serious threat to European values and norms, and must be tackled by future immigration and integration policy. First comprehensive study of Islamophobic attitudes in Europe: traces their origins and identifies their consequences. Comparative analysis of the roots of European xenophobia and its destructive consequence in the rise and spread of anti-Muslim attitudes. Explores the growing opposition to immigration across Europe, with a special focus on the cases of France and Germany. Textbook features include tables of 530comparative data and sidebars illustrating key issues".
Islamophobia
My people right or wrong? : a comparative analysis of national sentiments and their meaning
Under English eyes : constructions of Europe in early twentieth-century British fiction
For kin or country : xenophobia, nationalism, and war
Achieving our humanity : the idea of a postracial future
Annual report / : summary
Writing in the beginning of the 1980s, Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe explored possibilities for a new socialist strategy to capitalize on the period's fragmented political and social conditions. Two and a half decades later, Ferruh Yilmaz acknowledges that the populist far right—not the socialist movement—has demonstrated greater facility in adopting successful hegemonic strategies along the structural lines Laclau and Mouffe imagined. Right wing hegemonic strategy, Yilmaz argues, has led to the reconfiguration of internal fault lines in European societies. Yilmaz's primary case study is Danish immigration discourse, but his argument contextualizes his study in terms of questions of current concern across Europe, where right wing groups that were long on the fringes of “legitimate” politics have managed to make significant gains with populations typically aligned with the Left. Specifically, Yilmaz argues that socio-political space has been transformed in the last three decades such that group classification has been destabilized to emphasize cultural rather than economic attributes. According to this point-of-view, traditional European social and political cleavages are jettisoned for new “cultural” alliances pulling the political spectrum to the right, against the corrosive presence of Muslim immigrants, whose own social and political variety is flattened into an illusion of alien sameness.
The Gypsy menace : populism and the new anti-gypsy politics
"Raxen" : a report on the definition and the steps to be taken to develop and establish RAXEN [The European Network on Racism and Antisemitism] : June 1999
Migrant workers and xenophobia in the Middle East
BLOOD IN THE FACE : THE KU KLUX KLAN, ARYAN NATIONS, NAZI SKINHEADS, AND THE RISE OF A NEW WHITE CULTURE
Monitoring against discrimination and xenophobia : The European Commission against Racism and Intolerance (ECRI)
The reluctant fundamentalist
We are the Romani people = Ane sam e Rromane dzene
Imagology and cross-cultural encounters in history
Anti-xenophonia : fighting discursive xenophonia with G. A. Wallin's travel discourse
Crash : 2-disc limited collector's edition
Diversity and equality for Europe : annual report 2000
The first R : how children learn race and racism
Crime prevention : new approaches
A companion to racial and ethnic studies
The freedom to be racist? : how the United States and Europe struggle to preserve freedom and combat racism
Alienated
Strangers by degrees : attitudes toward immigrants in the Åland Islands
Advisory services against ethnic discrimination in municipalities
Racial disadvantage and ethnic diversity in Britain
A remote English village wakes on the morning after harvest, looking forward to enjoying a hard-earned day of rest and feasting. But two mysterious columns of smoke mar the sky, raising alarm and suspicion.
The racial state
Policing and human rights : eliminating discrimination, xenophobia, intolerance and the abuse of power from police work
A Norwegian tragedy : Anders Behring Breivik and the massacre on Utøya
New xenophobia in Europe
Imagined differences : hatred and the construction of identity
Images of savages : ancients [sic] roots of modern prejudice in Western culture
The Goblin Emperor
Activities in ..
Against race : imagining political culture beyond the color line
The foreign worker and the German labor movement : xenophobia and solidarity in the coal fields of the Ruhr, 1871-1914
The indispensable enemy : labor and the anti-chinese movement in California
Strangers at our door
Executive summary (s. 4-7).
Little gypsy
Crash : 2 disc director's cut edition
Refugees from the violence of wars and the brutality of famished lives have knocked on other people's doors since the beginning of time. For the people behind the doors, these uninvited guests were always strangers, and strangers tend to generate fear and anxiety precisely because they are unknown. Today we find ourselves confronted with an extreme form of this historical dynamic, as our TV screens and newspapers are filled with accounts of a 'migration crisis', ostensibly overwhelming Europe and portending the collapse of our way of life. This anxious debate has given rise to a veritable 'moral panic' - a feeling of fear spreading among a large number of people that some evil threatens the well-being of society.
Hate crime : papers from the 2006 and 2007 Stockholm Criminology Symposiums
Racial discrimination : institutional patterns and politics
Race, ethnicity and difference : imagining the inclusive society
Images of Germans and Finns in contemporary Finnish-language novels
Anti-immigrant attitudes in context : the role of rhetoric, religion and political representation
Our racist heart? : an exploration of unconscious prejudice in everyday life
Germany for the Germans? : the political effects of international migration
Racism : essential readings
Racism : a short history
Activities of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia : annual report ..
The new xenophobia
A history of the world since 9/11
Immigration phobia and the security dilemma : Russia, Europe, and the United States
EUMC Internet guide on organisations combating racism and xenophobia in Europe
Who is Charlie? : xenophobia and the new middle class
World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, [Durban, South Africa, 31 August - 7 September 2001] : declaration and programme of action
Fear, loathing, and Victorian xenophobia
Fear and the making of foreign policy : Europe and beyond
Young children and racial justice : taking action for racial equality in the early years - understanding the past, thinking about the present, planning for the future
Crash
Racism and xenophobia in the EU member states : trends, developments and good practice : EUMC - annual report 2003/2004, part 2
Racism, xenophobia, and distribution : multi-issue politics in advanced democracies
