http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8643 anti-racism
anti-racism
Are we all postracial yet?
Race code : the artistic and design process of the media art installation
Antiracism, culture and social justice in education
Racism and antiracism : inequalities, opportunities and policies
Anti-racist social work
Antisemitism and xenophobia in Germany after unification
Hate on the net : extremist sites, neo-fascism on-line, electronic jihad
International action against racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance in the OSCE region : a comparative study
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 3, S-Z, primary sources, index
South Africa
History lesson : a race odyssey
Towards new Europe : Arvi Kivimaa, Kultur, and the fictions of humanism
White bound : nationalists, antiracists, and the shared meanings of race
The politics of fear : what right-wing populist discourses mean
Domino : a manual to use peer group education as a means to fight racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance
Modernity and the holocaust
Developing anti-racist awareness for leaders and participants at Nuoret Kotkat activities
Contemporary issues in the sociology of race and ethnicity : a critical reader
Toward the final solution : a history of European racism
Glamour in the Pacific : cultural internationalism and race politics in the women's Pan-Pacific
Race critical theories : text and context
Reading feminist theory as a complex imaginative achievement, Feminist Imagination considers feminist commitment through the interrogation of its philosophical, political and affective connections with the past, and especially with the `race' trials of the twentieth century. The book looks at: the 'directionlessness' of contemporary feminist thought; the question of essentialism and embodiment; the racial tensions in the work of Simone de Beauvoir; the totalitarian character in Hannah Arendt; the 'mimetic Jew' and the concept of mimesis in the work of Judith Butler. Vikki Bell provides a compelling rethinking of feminist theory as bound up with attempts to understand oppression outside a focus on 'women'. She affirms feminism as a site and mode of making these connections.
Manifestations of antisemitism in the EU 2002-2003 : based on information by the National Focal Points of the EUMC-RAXEN Information Network
Racism and society
Racial science in Hitler's new Europe, 1938-1945
Anti-racist practice in social work
Setting the context for change
Racism and antiracism in real schools : theory, policy, practice
Zionism, imperialism and racism
The far right and racism
Race, racism and social work : contemporary issues and debates
Trapped in the gap : doing good in indigenous Australia
Reframing the social : social work and social policy in Europe = Reframing des Sozialen : soziale Arbeit und Sozialpolitik in Europa = Reframing del sociale : lavoro sociale e politica sociale nell'Europa
White women in racialized spaces : imaginative transformation and ethical action in literature
Foundations of bilingual education and bilingualism
Power, knowledge and anti-racism education : a critical reader
Perceptions of antisemitism in the European Union : voices from members of the European Jewish communities
Hate and the 'Jewish science' : anti-Semitism, Nazism and psychoanalysis
The last two decades have not only seen the rapid growth of economic globalization, but also a rise in ethnic conflict and forced migration. With this global social change has come change in the ideas and practice of racism and, as such, the old national focus of anti-racist theory and practice has now become outmoded. This new collection seeks to rethink anti-racism both in light of these social changes and also of new theoretical debates about citizenship, multiculturalism, hybridity, diaspora and social movements.
A white side of black Britain : interracial intimacy and racial literacy
Punchlines : the case for racial, ethnic, and gender humor
Changing citizenship : democracy and inclusion in education
Is there such a thing...? : a study of antiracism education in Finland
Many faces of antidiscrimination education. Antiracism, multiculturalism and the curriculum. A theoretical approach
Beyond the "Never agains"
Rentyhorn, Agassizhorn
Six decades of damped motion : UNESCO's fight for a world free of discrimination
Antisemitism : the longest hatred
Inspired by Hannah Arendt's discussion of the Victorian Tory politician and novelist Benjamin Disraeli as a Jew who fought back, this book explores the complex ways in which mid-Victorian discourses of identity and belonging were interwoven with discourses of race. The book looks at Disraeli's response to the antisemitism of the period, leading him to become convinced that race was the key to understand how society works. It traces Disraeli's use of the category of race as a pivotal idea of social difference and looks at how race intersected his thinking with class, culture, gender, nation, and empire. It also shows how Disraeli's "one-nation-politics" was dependent on the idea of empire and how his representations of both nation and empire became based on race.
Modernity and the Holocaust
Taming cannibals : race and the Victorians
To make a new race : Gurdjieff, Toomer, and the Harlem Renaissance
Racial revolutions : antiracism and Indian resurgence in Brazil
Jack London's new-womanish heroines Frona Welse, Margaret West and Saxon Roberts
Critical multiculturalism : rethinking multicultural and antiracist education
European Union action to combat racism : European Commission contribution to the world conference against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance : Durban, South Africa, 31 August - 7 September 2001
Not in my neighborhood : how bigotry shaped a great American city
Feminist imagination : genealogies in feminist theory
Readings for diversity and social justice
Rethinking anti-racisms : from theory to practice
The invention of racism in classical antiquity
Race, racialization, and antiracism in Canada and beyond
Blood in the face : the Ku Klux Klan, Aryan Nations, Nazi skinheads, and the rise of a new white culture
Executive summary (s. 9-30).
Summary.
Discourse and discrimination : rhetorics of racism and antisemitism
Multiculturalism as a challenge in contemporary Finnish picturebooks : reimagining sociocultural categories
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 1, A-F
The first ever comprehensive history of anti-Semitism in England, from medieval murder and expulsion through to contemporary forms of anti-Zionism in the 21st century.
Nyt riittää! = Enough is enough! : Finnish comics culture <3 multiculture
This study focuses on representations of multiculturalism in children’s literature. Children’s books are seen as cultural products which do not only reflect but also construct our social reality. The research consists of four peer-reviewed articles and a summary part. This interdisciplinary research is theoretically positioned in both cultural studies and social sciences, with the key concepts of multiculturalism, identity, ethnicity, racism and anti-racism. More specifically, the study contributes to the discussions of multicultural children’s literature as both pedagogy and art.The methodological-theoretical framework is based on the social constructionist approach. Language is understood as socially, historically, sociopolitically and ideologically constructed; hence performativity, discourse and representation are considered as key concepts of the analysis. Intersectionality functions as both a theoretical framework which guides the understanding of multiculturalism, as well as an analytical tool for examining the data. The data consists of children’s picturebooks which are analysed by applying the method of close reading. Intersectional analysis also makes the numerous sociocultural categories, i.e. ethnicity, nationality, gender, language, dis/ability and age visible in the studied books.The results show that representations of multiculturalism are connected to the ideas of nationality, which again relates to the ideas of belonging and exclusion - often meaning Finnish/non-Finnish division. The representations of multiculturalism can reproduce and circulate discourses of differentiation, and thus legitimise exclusion and marginalisation of people. However, picturebooks can also display representations of multiculturalism that challenge the normative assumptions of ‘difference’ and ‘normal’. In the studied books, challenging the dominant sociopolitical discour ses seems to further the understanding of ‘us’ in a more inclusive way which then might prevent exclusion of people who differ from the ‘norm’. The didactic quality of children’s books is manifest in anti-racist strategies with the aim of reducing racism by making it visible. The study shows that children’s literature offers possibilities for readers to question implicit assumptions about the self and other, and thus can support readers in becoming more culturally aware and sensitive.
Researching and developing Swedkid : a Swedish case study at the intersection of the web, racism and education
Swedish summary.
Social work in Europe : challenging racism
Kids in cyberspace : teaching anti-racism using the Internet in Britain, Spain and Sweden
Ideology and argument : studies in British, Finnish and Hungarian thought
From Darwin to Hitler : evolutionary ethics, eugenics, and racism in Germany
Race politics in Britain and France : ideas and policymaking since the 1960s
Walking this path together : anti-racist and anti-oppressive child welfare practice
Ethics and value perspectives in social work
40 ways to raise a nonracist child
Trials of the diaspora : a history of anti-semitism in England
Lesions in the soul : racism, anti-semitism and intertextuality in Caryl Philips' The nature of blood
Racism and anti-racism in Europe
All is race : Benjamin Disraeli on race, nation and empire
The origins of totalitarianism
Anti-racist social work : a challenge for white practitioners and educators
Black issues in social work and social care
Ecumenical attack against racism : the anti-racist programme of the World Council of Churches, 1968-1974
Encyclopedia of race and racism. Vol. 2, G-R
Debating cultural hybridity : multi-cultural identities and the politics of anti-racism
