http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8657 cough
cough
Synthetic, analytical and biopharmaceutical studies on noscapine hydrogen embonate
Acute and chronic cough
Cough medicines - a disappearing traditional medication?
Speech pathology management of chronic refractory cough and related disorders
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
Evolution of Bordetella pertussis post vaccination
Bronchiolitis in early infancy : predictive factors for post-bronchiolitis wheezing
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
Immune responses to booster immunization with acellular pertussis vaccines and infection with Bordetella pertussis
Objective assessment of cough
Epidemiological characterisation of Bordatella pertussis in Sweden, 1970-2004
Molecular characterization and evolution of Bordetella pertussis and Bordetella parapertussis, with special reference to pertactin and pertussis toxin antigens
Early chronic airway disease in young and middle-aged smokers
Pertussis vaccine trials : Istituto superiore di sanità, Rome, Italy, October 30-November 1, 1995
Infectious disease threats
Bordetella pertussis : vaccination and strain variation
Simultaneous determination of bromhexine hydrochloride and methyl and propyl p-hydroxybenzoate in cough-cold syrup by high-performance liquid chromatography
The association of gastroesophageal reflux with asthma, bronchial responsiveness and chronic cough
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
The pediatric airway : cry, stridor, and cough
Pertussis : infection, vaccination and gene polymorphisms
Studies on preclinical and clinical pharmacology of a new antitussive compound, vadocaine (INN)
