http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8654 election campaigns
election campaigns
This volume explores a central political paradox: why American scholars, journalists, and citizens periodically question the viability of their presidential electoral system and yet believe that presidential elections are our best hope for a better tomorrow. The book argues that the key to understanding this paradox lies in the concept of "self image," exploring relationships between campaign activities and political culture. After presenting an introduction to the history of presidential campaigning and a theory of political image, the book arranges chapters in three parts: images centered on candidates, mass media, and the public. A final chapter assesses explanations of the contrasts between the 1988 and 1992 elections and suggests tomorrow's research agenda. Students and teachers alike will find this book ideal for college courses in campaigns and elections, political behavior, and a variety of specialty courses.
Televised election debates : international perspectives
The Routledge companion to social media and politics
Televised presidential debates and public policy
The 1928 campaign : an analysis
No way to pick a president
Manipulation of the American voter : political campaign commercials
The rise of Barack Obama
Mobilizing inclusion : transforming the electorate through get-out-the-vote campaigns
Networked information technologies, elections, and politics : Korea and the United States
"The 2010 General Election represented a pathbreaking contest in Political Communication. The TV debates changed forever the feel of the campaign. This book brings together key commentators, analysts and polling experts to present readers with a unique and valuable insight into the development of political communication in British Politics"--
Donkey versus elephant : some aspects of political language in a presidential debate
Political parties and electoral strategy : the development of party organization in East Asia
Political marketing and communication
Codes of conduct for elections
The making of Donald Trump
Communication of politics : cross-cultural theory building in the practice of public relations and political marketing
Taking back politics : an insider's guide to winning
Winning with words : the origins and impact of political framing
Leading men : presidential campaigns and the politics of manhood
Politics, media and modern democracy : an international study of innovations in electoral campaigning and their consequences
Prop art : over 1000 contemporary political posters
Political communication in Britain : the leader debates, the campaign and the media in the 2010 general election
Revolution in orange : the origins of Ukraine's democratic breakthrough
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Harper's team : behind the scenes in the Conservative rise to power
The road to the White House, 2000 : the politics of presidential elections
The power of the ballot box : political development and election campaigning in Taiwan
The personalisation of Swedish politics : party leaders in the election coverage 1979-2010
Turning point : a candidate, a state, and a nation come of age
The brethren
The affect effect : dynamics of emotion in political thinking and behavior
Civil society and the internet in Japan
The impact of YouTube on U.S. politics
The Brethren
Dispatches from the war room : in the trenches with five extraordinary leaders
Financing political parties and election campaigns : guidelines
Yes we can? : white racial framing and the 2008 presidential campaign
Money, media, and the grass roots : state ballot issues and the electoral process
Covering the presidential primaries
Covering Clinton : the president and the press in the 1990s
Agenda-setting function of the news media in the 2003 Finnish general elections : who set the agenda - parties or the press?
Air wars : television advertising and social media in election campaigns, 1952-2012
Bernie Sanders stormed to international headlines after running an extraordinary campaign for the Democratic primaries that saw over 13 million people turn out to vote for him, and changing the global discussion surrounding US politics. But how did a complete unknown and an avowed socialist make such waves? In Our Revolution, Sanders provides a unique insight into the campaign that galvanized a movement, sharing experiences from the campaign trail and the techniques that shaped it. And it wasn't just his use of new media; Sanders' message resonated with millions. His supporters are young and old, dissatisfied with expanding social inequality, struggling with economic instability and who rebelled against a political elite who has long ignored them. This is a global phenomenon, driving movements from Syriza in Greece to Podemos in Spain and Jeremy Corbyn in the UK. Drawing on decades of experience as activist and politician, Sanders outlines his ideas for continuing this political revolution.
The language of democracy : political rhetoric in the United States and Britain, 1790-1900
America America
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
Strategies in televised political advertising in United States presidential elections
Attack politics : negativity in presidential campaigns since 1960
Do political campaigns matter? : campaign effects in elections and referendums
The Internet and national elections : a comparative study of Web campaigning
Encyclopedia of presidential campaigns, slogans, issues, and platforms
Contemporary Belarus : between democracy and dictatorship
An election in Finland : Party activities and voter reactions
A functional analysis of the Finnish 2012 presidential debates
A safe Helsinki is guaranteed to all : argumentation, persuasion and societal discourses in Finnish online campaigning : English campaigning in the 2008 municipal election in Finland
Political public relations : principles and applications
The Internet and national elections : a comparative study of web campaining
The Road to the White House, 2000 : the Politics of Presidential Elections - Postelection Edition, presents up-to-date coverage and an entirely new prologue that examines the results of the highly controversial 2000 presidential election along with analysis by one of the nation's leading presidential scholars. The text includes: The role of money in presidential nominations, including a description and analysis of the money race in 1999-2000. Contemporary campaign finance issues. Up-to-date demographic profiles of the major parties. A new media section that discusses the ad race for delegates. A new discussion and analysis of the "interregnum period" - the three to four months after the nominations have been effectively decided but before the conventions are held. Discussion and evaluation of the 2000 campaign and general election exit polls.
Political mischief : smear, sabotage, and reform in U.S. elections
Political communication in direct democratic campaigns : enlightening or manipulating?
Presidential campaigns and American self images
Political fictions
Monitoring the media coverage of the 1996 Russian presidential elections : final report, 30 September 1996
The money chase : congressional campaign finance reform
By the people : the election of Barack Obama
Dirty politics : deception, distraction, and democracy
Political campaign communication : a bibliography and guide to the literature
Campaign craft : the strategies, tactics, and art of political campaign management
Your Britain
Candidate-centred campaigns and their effect in an open list system : the case of Finland
Barack Obama, the new face of America
Billionaires & ballot bandits : how to steal an election in 9 easy steps
Electoral strategies and political marketing
Design for Obama
Out of order
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Campaigning for president 2008 : strategy and tactics, new voices and new techniques
The Campaign
The political persuaders : the techniques of modern election campaigns
Candidate quality
Money politics in Japan : new rules, old practices
All's fair : love, war, and running for president
Propaganda, polls, and public opinion: are the people manipulated?
Race of a lifetime : how Obama won the White House
Massenmedien und Wahlen = Mass media and elections : international research perspectives
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Which get-out-the-vote efforts actually succeed in ethnoracial communities - and why? Analyzing the results from hundreds of original experiments, the authors of this book offer a persuasive new theory to explain why some methods work while others don't. Exploring and comparing a wide variety of efforts targeting ethnoracial voters, Lisa Garcia Bedolla and Melissa R. Michelson present a new theoretical frame - the Social Cognition Model of voting, based on an individual's sense of civic identity - for understanding get-out-the-vote effectiveness. Their book will serve as a useful guide for political practitioners, for it offers concrete strategies to employ in developing future mobilization efforts.
New media campaigns and the managed citizen
Uncivil wars : political campaigns in the media age
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
The 1996 presidential campaign : a communication perspective
Discusses the origins of President Carter's commitment to human rights and his work to bring about advancements for human decency.
"Intellectually exhausted and increasingly desperate" versus "flat-out false and reeks of desperation" : how the blogs of the candidates in the American presidential election of 2012 create a negative image of the opponent
Web campaigning
An American melodrama : the presidential campaign of 1968
Changing campaign techniques : elections and values in contemporary democracies
Elections in Namibia
On message : communicating the campaign
The role of televised debates in the U.S. presidential election process (1960-2004)
Princess in training
Fear and loathing : on the campaign trail '72
Electoral dynamics in Indonesia : money politics, patronage and clientelism at the grassroots
Branding Obama : the 2008 presidential election campaign in its social context
Political campaign communication : a bibliography and guide to the literature 1973-1982
Political election debates : informing voters about policy and character
Uncivil wars : political campaigns in a media age
Political life : why people get involved in politics
Steinmeier accepted your friend request : German Social Democrats and their online communication through Facebook during the 2009 parliamentary elections
The political campaigning handbook : real life lessons from the front line
The science of voter mobilization
The making of campaign strategy
Promising democracy : parties, citizens and election promises
Handbook of political marketing
Candidates in conflict : persuasive attack and defense in the 1992 presidential debates
The politics of emotions, candidates, and choices
The people's choice : how the voter makes up his mind in a presidential campaign
Pompeis difficile est : studies in the political life of imperial Pompeii
Manipulating public opinion : essays on public opinion as a dependent variable
Political communication in American campaigns
Projecting unity : strategic uses of we in televised debates
The winning of the White House 1988
The 1932 campaign : an analysis
Liberalism's last hurrah : the presidential campaign of 1964
Poison politics : are negative campaigns destroying democracy?
Presidential merry-go-round : a case study of a presidential election campaign of the year 2000 in Finland from the point of view of a campaign organisation
Packaging the presidency : a history and criticism of presidential campaign advertising
Political cartoons in the 1988 presidential campaign : image, metaphor, and narrative
The objective of the study was to examine the PR campaign from the point of view of articles from the leading Ukrainian daily newspaper Fakti i kommentarii (Facts and Commentaries). The case in question is Viktor Yushenko's presidential election campaign 2004. Despite Yushenko's brief tenure as a prime minister, he was relatively unknown to most Ukrainians before the election campaign began, but he succeeded in a very short time in his endeavour to win the election. The research question was: What were the main reasons for his victory? The research problem was how to create a successful presidential election campaign. The theoretical part of the thesis is based on reliable and up to date source material. Ronald Smith and Elisa Juholin's theories and findings were used as a principal source and other literature that concentrates on public relations was used along with it. The secondary data was obtained from the unstructured interviews of people from Ukraine. Two persons were interviewed in order to have clearer picture about the Orange Revolution of 2004 in Ukraine. The interviews were made by phone. The author asked two women with different points of view questions about the Ukrainian election campaign of 2004. According to the results of the study the reasons for the victory were both internal and external. The main strengths of Viktor Yushenko's campaign were strong management and leadership of the election campaign, the candidate's credibility and sufficient funding. The study provides evidence that most of the theoretical factors based on previous research were also relevant in this campaign.
Citizen participation and political communication in a digital world
The idea of political marketing
Media and elections : a handbook
Our revolution : a future to believe in
Designer politics : how elections are won
Organizational structure of parties, candidate selection and campaigning
Chain reaction : the impact of race, rights, and taxes on American politics : with a new afterword
The electric mirror: politics in an age of television
How voters decide : information processing during election campaigns
Global political campaigning : a worldwide analysis of campaign professionals and their practices
The Mummyfesto
Strengthening democracy : a parliamentary perspective
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
Renewing presidential politics : campaings, media, and the public interest
Political marketing : a comparative perspective
German electoral politics : a study of the 1957 campaign
Political campaigning : problems in creating an informed electorate
Political consulting : a guide for reporters and citizens
Blogging the political : politics and participation in a networked society
Political campaign communication : principles and practices
The EU expansion : communicating shared sovereignty in the parliamentary elections
Hail to the candidate : presidential campaigns from banners to broadcasts
English summary.
The making of the President 1960
Political parties after communism : developments in East-Central Europe
The mummyfesto
Going grey : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Political persuaders : the techniques of modern election campaigns
The homestretch : new politics, new media, new voters?
Campaign and party finance in North America and western Europe
Our plan for America : stronger at home, respected in the world
Leaders in the living room : the prime ministerial debates of 2010 : evidence, evaluation and some recommendations
The Formation of campaign agendas : a comparative analysis of party and media roles in recent American and British elections
Electronic democracy : mobilisation, organisation and participation via new ICTs
How to make a successful PR campaign? : case study: V. Yushenko in the light of relevant articles
