http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8656 influenza
influenza
The biology of emerging viruses : SARS, avian and human influenza, metapneumovirus, Nipah, West Nile, and Ross River virus
The Selection and Use of Essential Medicines : Report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO Model List of Essential Medicines and the 3rd WHO Model List of Essential Medicines for Children)
Chew. [Vol. 12], Sour grapes
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
Analysing the course of the A (H1N1) influenza epidemic of 2009 in Finland
Hot topics in infection and immunity in children. VIII
Lessons from HPAI : a technical stocktaking of outputs, outcomes, best practices and lessons learned from the fight against highly pathogenic avian influenza in Asia 2005-2011
Making preparation count : lessons from the avian influenza outbreak in Turkey
Approaches to controlling, preventing and eliminating H5N1 Highly Pathogenic Avian influenza in endemic countries
Immune deficiency in chronic kidney disease
Chew. Vol. 5 : Major league chew
"This volume focuses on the role of sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) and its analogs in the induced sequestration of lymphocytes in secondary lymphoid organs or in the microenvironment of tissues involved in infection or autoimmune disease. Initial chapters define the pathways to understand S1P signaling. They cover the organization of signaling systems, the structural biology of the S1P1 receptor, and the chemical and genetic tools that are available and useful to explore this area of research and therapeutics. The later chapters highlight S1P and endothelial integrity, lymphocyte migration in the spleen, and S1P agonist in controlling immunopathologic manifestations of acute respiratory influenza virus infection (in the lung), and its accompanying cytokine storm as well as immunopathologic disease of the central nervous system, including the beginning of treatments in multiple sclerosis. One chapter reveals the possible involvement of other lipid molecules, their use for better understanding lipid signaling, and their potential in the modulation of immune responses." -- (Back Cover)
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 4
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Chew. Vol. 1 : Taster's choice
Biosecurity for highly pathogenic avian influenza : issues and options
Regulation of virus-induced cytokine expression in human macrophages
Organizing in the face of risk and threat
Studies of the evolution of the haemagglutinin protein of equine influenza virus H3N8
Influenza A virus, H10N4, naturally pathogenic for mink (Mustela vison)
Sphingosine-1-Phosphate signaling in immunology and infectious diseases
Acute respiratory infection, influenza vaccination and airway reactivity in asthma
Influenza A virus-host interactions and their control by viral non-structural protein NS1
The global strategy for prevention and control of H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza : March 2007
Burden of Influenza in Children
The great influenza : the epic story of the deadliest plague in history
Bird flu : everything you need to know about the next pandemic
Influenza research : EU funded projects 2001-2007
Incidence, treatment and outcome of critically ill patients with acute respiratory failure
Chew. [Vol. 8] : family recipes
Pulmonary Infection
Enzyme activity in cultured cells under various influences : a cytochemical approach
Microbe-induced activation of inflammatory cytokine response in human cells
The uninvited : a novel
Epizootology of influenza in Sweden - in horses, pigs and mink
Activation of innate immune responses by Toll-like receptors and influenza viruses
Inactivated influenza vaccines prepared in cell culture : National Institute fo Biological Standards and Control, Potters Bar, Herts., U.K., September 26-27, 1997 : proceedings of a meeting
Avian influenza and Newcastle disease viruses in Finland : genetics, epidemiology and ecology in the natural host, wild waterfowl
Laboratory correlates of immunity to influenza : a reassessment : University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway, 2-3 May 2002
The selection and use of essential medicines : report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO model list of essential medicines and the 3rd WHO model list of essential medicines for children)
America's forgotten pandemic : the influenza of 1918
Flu : the story of the great influenza pandemic of 1918 and the search for the virus that caused it
Deadly companions : how microbes shaped our history
Influenza pathogenesis and control. Volume II
In the shadow of blackbirds
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
"This volume brings together the concepts that underpin a One Health approach and a range of examples of this approach in action around a variety of emerging infectious diseases. The first section starts with a human clinical perception, brings in the veterinary and human-animal interface perspective and then links this with environment issues, with a special chapter dealing with wildlife. It concludes by looking at the economics of a One Health approach, both in terms of the costs of delivering a One Health approach as well as the value added. The second section looks at a number of key emerging infectious diseases and in each case details how a One Health approach has added value, particularly in terms of disease control and cost outcomes. The examples cover virus, bacterial, protozoal and parasitic infections and provide case studies at the national, regional and global level. The studies themselves vary in depth and detail but provide an engaging set of examples of the value of a One Health approach. In all cases, the authors have local and personal experience of the disease in question, providing real life examples of what can be achieved. The final chapter entitled 'Men, primates and germs: an ongoing affair' provides a fascinating insight into pathogen host switching between closely related species which serves to illustrate a core value of a One Health approach." -- (Back Cover)
Influenza virus-host interactions and their modulation by small molecules
Innate immune recognition of RNA-virus infection in human macrophages
Infectious disease threats
Proteomic characterization of host response to viral infection
In the shadow of blackbirds : a novel
Summary.
Wild birds and avian influenza : an introduction to applied field research and disease sampling techniques
OIE/FAO International Scientific Conference on Avian Influenza : Paris, France, 7-8 April, 2005
The monster at our door : the global threat of avian flu
Swine flu : the new pandemic
Health and animal agriculture in developing countries
Childhood community-acquired pneumonia
In this English translation, Czarniawska (management studies, U. of Gothenburg, Sweden) introduces the concept of 'action nets.' Action nets align with the constructivist approach in current social science research and new institutional theory as the consequence of an evolution of thinking in the field from organizations to organizing and from structures to processes. Rather than starting with actors as would a traditional institutional analysis, action nets research views management as the construction/reconstruction of "well-practiced improvised" collective actions, not necessarily within a formal organization, in the face of risk and threat. Responses to health threats, adventure tourism, and disasters big and small are case studies of how action nets operate.
Influenza in children : diagnosis, treatment and prevention
Chew. [Vol. 10], Blood puddin'
Epidemic and peace, 1918
Influenza and public health : learning from past pandemics
Genomic analysis of A(HIN1)pdm09 influenza virus in Finland
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Chew. [Vol. 11], The last suppers
Vaccination : a tool for the control of avian influenza : Verona, Italy, 20-22 March, 2007 : proceedings of a joint OIE/FAO/IZSVe conference co-organised with the European Commission
Roles of mammalian scribble in polarity signaling, virus offense and cell-fate determination
Chew. Vol. 6 : Space cakes
Chew. Vol. 4 : Flambé
Chew. Vol. 2 : International flavor
The respiratory tract is a frequent target of infections caused by a wide range of organisms. The book provides reader-friendly information on aspects of pulmonary infections, including comprehensive accounts of bacterial and viral diseases, therapeutic approaches, molecular and classical culture-related techniques of diagnosis, and explaining the basic cell biological mechanism. The role of oxidative stress, both helpful in fighting invading pathogens and detrimental in yielding to infection is detailed as it is often undervalued and needs focus. The chapters encompass latest developments and applications in bacteriology and virology, preventive and therapeutic tips, and raise attention to implementation of proper antibiotic policies by medical institutions to decrease resistance to antimicrobials. The perennial problem of low influenza vaccination coverage rate is rationalized. The volume will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers engaged in this exciting field.
This volume provides a modern look on the age-old influenza infection and the preventive role of anti-influenza shots. Influenza pandemic outbreaks are unrelenting despite the growing understanding of the molecular basis of viral infection and its spreads. A leap in medical technologies has revolutionized the design of new influenza vaccines. The chapters cover vaccination strategies in various age-groups of people and provide the extensive amount of knowledge on the immune response to influenza vaccination in a spectrum of disease conditions.
Influenza and other emerging zoonotic diseases at the human-animal interface : FAO/OIE/WHO Joint Scientific Consultation 27-29 April 2010, Verona (Italy)
Univariate and multivariate surveillance of outbreaks
SH3 domain mediated virus-host cell interactions by the nonstructural protein 1 (NS1) of influenza A virus
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
ECDC scientific advice on seasonal influenza vaccination of children and pregnant women
Thoracic emergencies
One health: the human-animal-environment Interfaces in emerging infectious diseases : the concept and examples of a one health approach
Influenza models : prospects for development and use
Influenza Pathogenesis and Control. Volume I
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 3
Chew. Vol. 7 : Bad apples
This paper describes in detail the current situation and state of knowledge about biosecurity in relation to H5N1 HPAI, discusses species- and sector-specific issues, proposes possible options for biosecurity in important parts of the domestic poultry and captive bird sector, stresses the importance of situating biosecurity in appropriate economic and culture settings, and makes the case for the role of communication.--Publisher's description.
Burden of influenza in children
The Spanish influenza pandemic of 1918-1919 : perspectives from the Iberian Peninsula and the Americas
The influenza pandemic in Japan, 1918-1920 : the First World War between humankind and a virus
Respiratory virology and immunogenicity
The Pandemic Perhaps : Dramatic Events in a Public Culture of Danger
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
