http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8652 phoneme variation
phoneme variation
Hungarian phonology and morphology
Language change
The handbook of phonological theory
Stop perception in second language phonology : perception of English and Korean stops by Japanese speakers
Language change and linguistic theory. 1, Approaches, methodology and sound change
Epenthesis and syllable structure in northern Vogul
Certamen phonologicum : papers from the 1987 Cortona phonology meeting
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Paavo Ravila
Singapore English : a grammatical description
Vowel patterns in language
Facing Finnic : some challenges to historical and contact linguistics
Form and meaning
Coarticulation : Theory, data and techniques
Cortical representations for phonological quantity
Systems in contact, system in motion : the assimilation of Russian verbs in the Baltic Finnic languages of Russia
Patterns in child phonology
Alliteration and sound change in early English
Early Middle English knight : (pseudo)metathesis and lexical specificity
Prototype modeling of vowel perception and production in a quantity language
Phonology : a cognitive grammar introduction
Phonological architecture : a biolinguistic perspective
The Cambridge handbook of phonology
Epenthetic vowels in Ume Saami gradation
Syllable structure rules in Proto-Ob-Ugric
The Baltic sea prosodic area revisited
Epenthesis, geminates, and the OCP in Finnish
The Baltic sea prosodic area revisited : comments
An introduction to element theory
The interchangeability of the graphemes <o> and <ъ> in Old Russian Birchbark  documents : a graphical effect or a reflection of sound change in progress?
Stress and quantity in Erzya
Studia linguistica Careliana : a Festschrift for Kalevi Wiik on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Variation and change in the rhotics of Brazilian Portuguese
Proto-Uralic gradiation : continuation and traces
Palatal umlaut versus velar umlaut and breaking : a comparative study of the palatalization and velarization of vowels in Germanic languages
"Linguists researching the sounds of languages do not just study lists of sounds but seek to discover generalizations about sound patterns by grouping them into categories. They study the common properties of each category and identify what distinguishes one category from another. Vowel patterns, for instance, are analysed and compared across languages to identify phonological similarities and differences. This original account of vowel patterns in language brings a wealth of cross-linguistic material to the study of vowel systems and offers new theoretical insights. Informed by research in speech perception and production, it addresses the fundamental question of how the relative prominence of word position influences vowel processes and distributions. The book combines a cross-linguistic focus with detailed case studies. Descriptions and analyses are provided for vowel patterns in over 25 languages from around the world, with particular emphasis on minor Romance languages and on the diachronic development of the German umlaut." --Publisher's website.
Comments on Eugene Helimski's paper "Proto-Uralic gradation : continuation and traces"
Why Baba-Yaga? : substratal phonetics and restoration of velars subject to the progressive palatalization in Russian/Belorussian and adjacent areas (appr. 600-900 CE)
From phonological to syntactic variation
