http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8653 variation
variation
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Ecology of host-parasite relationships in boreal Europe : voles, food and infectious diseases
Australapatemon sp. (Trematoda) infection in Valvata macrostoma and in two leech species, Helobdella stagnalis and Erpobdella octoculata
The Emerging Phenotype : ecological genetics of color, form, and sex in the common frog
Brown bear (Ursus arctos) population structure, demographic processes and variations in diet in northern Eurasia
Modelling boreal forest CO2 exchange and seasonality
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Variation in the grammar of Black South African English
Flight metabolic rate in the glanville fritillary butterfly
Birds of prey and grouse in Finland : do avian predators limit or regulate their prey numbers?
Language variation--European perspectives II : selected papers from the 4th international conference on language variation in Europe (ICLAVE 4), Nicosia, June 2007
Genetic consequences of directional selection in Arabidopsis lyrata
Regionality of forest growth in Finland = Metsän kasvun alueellisuus Suomessa
Further studies in the lesser-known varieties of English
Selected reports in ethnomusicology. Vol. 3, no. 1
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Evaluation of the finnish national policy on large carnivores
Period analysis of stellar brightness variations using multichannel photometric observations
Epenthesis and syllable structure in northern Vogul
The ecology of bird communities. Vol. 2, Processes and variations
Performance of active portfolio management and the effect of stock market trend
Partial polarization and coherence in stationary and nonstationary electromagnetic fields
Global English slang : methodologies and perspectives
The stories of English
Environmental and climatic dependences of stable isotope ratios in tree rings on different temporal scales
Dublin English : evolution and change
Linguistic variation and change
Biodiversity through time:coherence, stability and species turnover in boreal stream communities
The turn-of-the-month effect in the Finnish stock markets in the 21st century
Temperature fluctuations and heat transport in nanoelectronics
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
An assessment of Holocene water-level changes in Lake Titicaca based on offshore sediment core data
Variationist sociolinguistics : change, observation, interpretation
El castellano en las tierras de habla catalana : Carsten Sinner and Andreas Wesch (eds) (2008)
Variation of morphological characters in the lichenicolous ascomycete genus Abrothallus
On forest rotation under interest rate variability
As the world changes and a new global order appears on the horizon, the scene of writing in English from erstwhile British postcolonial nations is alive with innovation and variety. In line with new global opportunities and growing economies, English-speaking nations around the world are forging new identities, and living new times and experiences. Beyond The Postcolonial interrogates the current state of emerging writing in English from four African countries, and from Malaysia, Singapore and India, through fieldwork and textual analysis. The book challenges the prevailing orthodoxy of postcolonial literary studies and offers unique, interdisciplinary enquiry into the field of world literature in English. With a wide range of writers and material mostly unknown in the UK and US, including interviews with writers, publishers, and academics in the field, this volume promises its readers a thorough revisioning of writing in English, bringing the reader up-to-date with current trends, modes of writing and an abundance of voices of English writing from around the world.
Heart rate variability (HRV) and simulation sickness : HRV as an indicator/predictor of the appearance of nausea during simulated driving
Variation in working memory
Tempo variation in speech production : implications for speech synthesis
Microeconometric studies on unemployment and business cycles
Benthic macroinvertebrate and bryophyte assemblages in boreal springs : diversity, spatial patterns and conservation
The initiation of sound change : perception, production, and social factors
Sociolinguistic variation in speech communities
"Introducing Global Englishes provides comprehensive coverage of relevant research in the fields of World Englishes, English as a Lingua Franca, and English as an International Language. The book introduces students to the current sociolinguistic uses of the English language, using a range of engaging and accessible examples from newspapers (Observer, Independent, Wall Street Journal), advertisements, and television shows. The book :Explains key concepts connected to the historical and contemporary spread of English. Explores the social, economic, educational, and political implications of Englishs rise as a world language. Includes comprehensive classroom-based activities, case studies, research tasks, assessment prompts, and extensive online resources. Introducing Global Englishes is essential reading for undergraduate and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL, and other related disciplines"--
Development plan for the Ruka Disc Golf Park
South Pacific Englishes : a sociolinguistic and morphosyntactic profile of Fiji English, Samoan English and Cook Islands English
How the mighty fall : and why some companies never give in
Evolving identities : the English language in Singapore and Malaysia
Personal machine-to-machine (M2M) healthcare system with mobile device in global networks
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
New perspectives on Irish English
A handbook of varieties of English : a multimedia reference tool
Temporal and spatial synchrony in small mammal population fluctuations
The consequences of spatial environmental variability on dispersal and on the spatial distribution of species
The lexis and lexicogrammar of Sri Lankan English
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
Nonlinear trends and multiyear cycles in sea level records
Grammatical variation and change in Jersey English
World Englishes. Vol. 4
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Seasonal changes in biomass, elongation growth and primary production rate of Chara tomentosa in the NE Baltic Sea
The typology of Asian Englishes
Long-term dynamics of breeding birds in broad-leaved deciduous forest in Hanikatsi Island in the West-Estonian archipelago
Linguistic change in Galway City English : a variationist sociolinguistic study of (th) and (dh) in urban Western Irish English
The influences of a recession on the strategies of a born global and a conventional company
Mini-dictionaries of Southeast Asian Englishes
Mergers and acquisitions during changing business cycles : case: medical industry
Macroscale variation in peat element concentrations in drained boreal peatland forests
European vernacular literacy : a sociolinguistic and historical introduction
Relativization in Scottish standard English: a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Vole population dynamics : experiments on predation
World Englishes. Vol. 3
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
The amazing world of Englishes : a practical introduction
Seasonal variations in endurance performance, and aerobic and anaerobic variables in competitive cross country skiers
World Englishes. Vol. 2
Variation im Raum = Variation and space
Multilingualism and language diversity in urban areas : acquisition, identities, space, education
Elements of volatility at high frequency
Attitudes towards six English accents in Finnish schools : what the learners think about the different accents in English
Assessment of heart rate variability as an indicator of cardiovascular autonomic dysregulation in subjects with chronic epilepsy
Phonological variation in rural Jamaican schools
How an economy grows and why it crashes : a tale
Climates throughout geologic time
"This volume presents a comprehensive overview of sociolinguistic research in Scotland and showcases developments in sociolinguistic theory, method and application, highlighting Scotland's position as a valuable 'sociolinguistic laboratory'. Dealing with all levels of language, each chapter focuses on language use in different regions of Scotland, including Aberdeen, the Borders, Edinburgh, Fife, Glasgow and the Shetland Isles. Topics include the study of variation in towns on the Scottish-English border, the acquisition of variation by non-native speakers, lexical erosion in rural communities, and Gaelic and English code-switching. Other chapters focus on the history of sociolinguistic research in Scotland, the study of syntactic variation using the Scottish Corpus of Text and Speech, the influence of the media on language change, and changes in language attitudes in Shetland. Bringing together chapters written by a range of international scholars, this book provides an insight into Scotland's contemporary sociolinguistic landscape and is a key resource for advanced students and researchers interested in language use in Scotland"--
Public-private sector pay gaps over the business cycle
The effect of climatic factors on height increment of Scots pine in sites differing by continentality in Latvia
Advances in cognitive sociolinguistics
Boreal and temperate trees in a changing climate : modelling the ecophysiology of seasonality
Essays on directional predictability of financial and economic time series
Functional diversity of plants in the sea and on land : A. R. O. Chapman
Language and Identity in Englishes
English corpus linguistics : variation in time, space and genre : selected papers from ICAME 32
Essays on industry portfolios and macroeconomic news
Structure of short-cyclic fluctuations in numbers of mammals and birds in the northern parts of the northern hemisphere
The dynamics of monthly seasonalities in finnish stock market
Locating language in time and space
Paths to purchase : the role of the online environment and the fluctuation of customer brand engagement
World Englishes. Vol. 1
A Dynamic forecasting model for the Finnish pulp export price
Understanding pragmatic markers : a variational pragmatic approach
Relativization in Scottish standard English : a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Beyond the postcolonial : world Englishes literature
The Oxford handbook of sociolinguistics
English in the Indian diaspora
Labour supply and population cohorts: impact of the business cycle on labour market attachment
Natural variations in the amount of lignin in Norway spruce : can lignin be modified to change the properties of wood  products?
Cognitive sociolinguistics : language variation, cultural models, social systems
Genetic diversity in populations of asexual and sexual bag worm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae)
Contributions to the measurement and interpretation of small-scale temperature fluctuations
A critical examination of linguistic variation in Golden-Age Spanish
Climatic signals extracted from ring-width chronologies of Scots pines from the northern, middle and southern parts of the boreal forest belt in Finland
Studies on the shoot elongation in Scots pine : diurnal variations in relation to temperature
World factory in crisis : global economy downturn as a speedbump on the path of development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the twisty road for recovery
English in Southeast Asia : features, policy and language in use
What is English? : and why should we care?
On the variation of flowering and seed crop in mature stands of Pinus sylvestris L.
Baroreflex sensitivity recovery
Changes in the field of obligation and necessity in contemporary British English : a corpus-based sociolinguistic study of semi-modal NEED TO
This volume brings together current research by international scholars on the varieties of English spoken in Ireland. The papers apply contemporary theoretical and methodological approaches and frameworks to a range of topics. A number of papers explore the distribution of linguistic features in Irish English, including the evolution of linguistic structures in Irish English and linguistic change in progress, employing broadly quantitative sociolinguistic approaches. Pragmatic features of Irish English are explored through corpus linguistics-based analysis. The construction of linguistic corpora using written and recorded material form the focus of other papers, extending and analyzing the growing range of corpus material available to researchers of varieties of English, including diaspora varieties. Issues of language and identity in contemporary Ireland are explored in several contributions using both qualitative and quantitative methods. The volume will be of interest to linguists generally, and to scholars with an interest in varieties of English.
The varieties of the modern Udmurt language
Studying language : English in action
Non-dominant varieties of pluricentric languages, getting the picture : in memory of Michael Clyne
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Explaining the variation in road accident counts : a four country : generalized Poisson regression analysis
Abstract: World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery. As one of the world's largest and most dynamic economies, as well as an important member of international matters, China attracts enormous attention and the focus is on the opportunities and challenges associated with China's emergence. The Pearl River Delta Special Economic Zone of Guangdong province in the southeast China, is the pioneer of the Chinese Economic Reform initiated by Deng Xiaoping in 1978, and has been the most dynamic economic region since then. During the ongoing reform process, this region has become a manufacturing center of global importance, the province with the highest GDP, and one of the fastest growing economic regions in the world. Being the leader of China's economic reform and global manufacturing centre, the region is suffering from a sharp decline in export demand, large-scale of small and medium companies shutting-down and lay-offs of migrant workers. The traditional industry mode based on cheap labour and low value-added manufacturing is facing much limitation due to rising cost of land and labour. An industrial upgrading and restructuring is the solution. To cope with the problems caused by the crisis and to transform traditional industries into high value-added and high-tech industries, local governments have implemented a series of policies to support the region's industrial upgrading. Some relevant and valuable lessons can be learnt from Taiwan's industrial upgrading. With the once-in-a-decade political change in China in November 2012, how will the new national political body affect the Pearl River Delta's revolutionary road?
International English : a guide to varieties of standard English
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
The impact of the ECB monetary policy announcements on European stock index futures returns and correlations
Summary.
Sport tourism development
Origins of the specious : myths and misconceptions of the English language
"The study of variation and change is at the heart of the sociolinguistics. Providing a wide survey of the field, this textbook is organised around three constraints on variation: linguistic structure, social structure and identity, and social and linguistic perception. By considering both structure and meaning, Scott F. Kiesling examines the most important issues surrounding variation theory, including canonical studies and terms as well as challenges to them. Research in non-English and non-European contexts is also addressed."--Publisher's description.
Modeling and forecasting implied volatility
Height growth of trees is a crucial parameter that influences the composition and productivity of forest stands and quality of timber; however, the relationships between annual height increment (HI) and climatic factors have been poorly studied. In this study, the effect of monthly mean temperature and precipitation sums on the HI of Scots pine in two sites in Latvia have been determined using dendrochronological techniques. Correlation and response function analyses were conducted for entire chronologies of HI and for 50-year intervals within them. Climatic factors significantly affected the HI of Scots pine; however, not only did the suite of significant factors differ between the sites, but the influence of these factors changed during the 20th century. In the site in western Latvia where climate is milder, temperature in the preceding summer was the main climatic determinant of HI. The effect of temperature in the dormant period and spring was significant during the first part of the 20th century, while the effect of temperature in the previous September and November has become significant since the second half of the 20th century. In the site in eastern Latvia where summers are hotter, HI has been affected by both temperature and water deficit related factors in the summer. However, since the later part of the 20th century, the effect of temperature in the previous October has intensified and become the main climatic determinant of HI.
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
Variationstypologie : ein sprachtypologisches Handbuch der europäischen Sprachen in Geschichte und Gegenwart = Variation typology : a typological handbook of European languages past and present
Literacy for a changing world
Decimalization, realized volatility, and market microstructure noise
The effect of relative price variations on the sawnwood imports to the United Kingdom from Finland
This book provides an overview of how boreal and temperate tree species have adapted their annual cycle of development to the seasonally varying climatic conditions of the zone. The frost hardy dormant phase and the susceptible growth phase are synchronised with the seasonality of the climate. The volume discusses the annual cycle, including various attributes such as the timing of bud burst and other phenological events and the seasonality of photosynthetic capacity or the frost hardiness of the trees. During the last few decades, dynamic ecophysiological models have been increasingly used in studies of the annual cycle, particularly for projecting the ecological effects of climate change. The main emphasis in this volume is on combining the modelling approach with experimental studies and pursuing biological realism in the models.
Variation in the progressive : a corpus-based study into world Englishes
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Diversity patterns in marine and freshwater environments : the role of environmental and spatial factors across multiple scales
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Analysing English as a lingua franca : a corpus-driven investigation
Vegetational and landscape level responses to water level fluctuations in Finnish, mid-boreal aapa mire - aro wetland environments
Calendar effects in the world stock markets : evidence from thirty-one countries
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Variation in Australian English closing diphthongs
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
From Finnish Great Depression to Great Recession
Winters child
Cardiac autonomic regulation and repolarisation during hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland : methods and estimations
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
World Englishes. Vol. 5
An introduction to statistics : an active learning approach
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
Seasonality in stock returns and volatility : the Ramadan effect
"Also the unsaid is a sign in itself" : varieties of silence in two novels by R.K. Narayan
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Variation and linguistic theory
Variation analysis and diachronic studies of lexical borrowing
Investigating the future of Finnish congruency : focus on possessive morphology
Quaternary climate in Western Mediterranean : proceedings of the Symposium on Climatic Fluctuations during the Quaternary in the Western Mediterranean Regions, Madrid, Jun. 16-21, 1986
The evolution of Englishes : the dynamic model and beyond
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 2015-2016 : executive summary
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Language variation in foreign language teaching : on the road to communicative competence
Constraints on error variables in grammar : bilingual misspelling orthographies
Introducing global Englishes
Sociolinguistic theory : linguistic variation and its social significance
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Climate and development : climatic change and variability and the resulting social, economic and technological implications
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Seasonality in the food and beverage service industry - a challenge for product development in small-sized businesses : case of Cafe im Goebenhaus, Stade, Germany
Northern English has become the focus of intensive research in the past decade or so, following on a series of dedicated conferences. The present book brings together leading-edge contributions on various aspects of language use, variation and change in the North of England. The volume covers the history of English in this area as well as providing incisive studies of both the varieties of English spoken in cities and in larger parts of the area. In addition, the collection contains a number of interface studies, e.g. concerned with the borders of the North of England, both to Scotland and the South of England or dealing with second-language varieties of Northern English or with additional issues, such as enregisterment. All these contributions help to draw a comprehensive picture of this key area of the English-speaking world and point the way forward for future research.
An introduction to English sociolinguistics
Sociolinguistics in Scotland
The worst fashion trends in the world
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
A short history of temperature
Climate variability and extremes during the past 100 years
Business cycles, effective working capital management and corporate profitability
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Researching northern English
World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China’s Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
Variation in the results of Norway spruce planting and Scots pine direct seeding in privately-owned forests in southern Finland
Between distinction & extinction : the harmonisation and standardisation of African languages
Variation in Temperature Responses among Populations of Betula papyrifera
The Oxford Handbook of Sociolinguistics is a major new reference work that reflects the growth of sociolinguistics in recent decades, as well as a more broadly inclusive view of the field. It surveys the main areas of the field, points out the lacunae in our existing knowledge base, and provides directions for future research. More specifically, it is designed with several major purposes in mind. First, it will emphasize new methodological developments, particularly the convergence of linguistic anthropology and variationist sociolinguistics. Second, it will include chapters on sociolinguistic developments in areas of the world that have been relatively neglected. Third, its chapters are written by contributors who have worked in a range of languages and whose work addresses sociolinguistic issues in bi- and multilingual contexts (in which a majority of the world's population lives). Finally, it will include substantial material on the rapidly growing study of sign language sociolinguistics.
An introduction to international varieties of English
Correcting stem girth measures for variations induced by soil moisture changes
Native listening : language experience and the recognition of spoken words
Spatial and temporal variability of macroinvertebrate assemblages in boreal streams : implications for conservation and bioassessment
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
Business cycles and stock market's response to macroeconomic news announcements : evidence from the U.S. stock market 2002–2010
Spatio-temporal climate variability and snow resource changes in Finland
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Measurement of fluctuating irradiance in field studies of photosynthesis
Infra-slow fluctuations in simultaneous EEG-fMRI
Anglo-Scandinavian language contacts and word order change in early English
Diurnal temperature variation in inversion situations
Measurement of cardiac vagal outflow by beat-to-beat R-R interval dynamics
Lob der Schöpfung = Luomisen ylistys = Praise of creation
Questioning language contact : limits of contact, contact at its limits
Recruitment variability in vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), and its consequences for vendace harvesting
Wood density within Norway spruce stems
Fluctuations in year-class strength and growth of the vendace (Coreganus albula (L.)) in the small, mesohumic, oligotrophic Suomunjärvi, a lake in eastern Finland
Intraspecific variation in brain size and architecture : population divergence and phenotypic plasticity
Realized-to-implied volatility ratio and its mean reversion
Language change and variation in Gibraltar
New trends and methodologies in applied English language research : diachronic, diatopic and contrastive studies
World Englishes. Vol. 6
The French language today : a linguistic introduction
"Global English Slang brings together twenty key international experts and provides a timely and essential overview of English slang around the world today.The book illustrates the application of a range of different methodologies to the study of slang and demonstrates the interconnection between the different sub-fields of linguistics.A key argument throughout is that slang is a function played by specific words or phrases rather than a characteristic inherent in the words themselves- what is slang in one context is not slang in another. The volume also challenges received wisdom on the nature of slang: that it is short-lived and that slang is restricted to verbal language.With an introduction by editor Julie Coleman, the topics covered range from Inner City New York slang and Hip Hop Slang to UK student slang and slang in Scotland. Authors also explore slang in Jamaica, Australia, New Zealand, India and Hong Kong and the influence of English slang on Norwegian, Italian and Japanese. A final section looks at slang and new media including online slang usage, and the possibilities offered by the internet to document verbal and gestural slang. Global English Slang is an essential reference for advanced undergraduates, postgraduates and researchers working in the areas of lexicology, slang and World Englishes"--
DEMAND FLUCTUATION IN OFF SEASON : Case Study of Summit Hotel, Lalitpur, Nepal
Determinants of unemployment duration over the business cycle in Finland
Variation and change in postcolonial contexts
Stock splits and return volatility
Heart rate variability -based recovery during sleep compared to movement analysis,subjective ratings and cortisol awakening responses
Origins of sound change : approaches to phonologization
Genetic variation in F-group isolates of Heterobasidion annosum occurring in Italy
Syntactic variation theory and practice
David Crystal's introduction to language : a complete course /by David Crystal
Abundance and seasonal activity of adult Hylobius-weevils in reforestation areas during first years following final felling
The politics of English : South Asia, Southeast Asia and the Asia Pacific
Lunar effect and other calendar effects : evidence from Vietnamese stock market
Temporal and spatial occurrence of strong winds and large snow load amounts in Finland during 1961-2000
Variation in soil nutrient concentrations and bulk density within peatland forest sites
