http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p866 inventions
inventions
Human capital and incentives in the creation of inventions : a study of Finnish inventors
Abstract.
Refocusing regulatory exclusivities : regulatory data protection and marketing exclusivity as forms of pharmaceutical innovation policy
The corrections
Inventions that changed the world
Great discoveries and inventions
Engineering innovative products : a practical experience
The management of technological innovation : strategy and practice
Extraordinary origins of everyday things
Inventing the 20th century : 100 inventions that shaped the world
Fishbowl
Inventions : facts at your fingertips
What a great idea! : inventions that changed the world
Innovation Environments of Opposite Natures: Commercialisation of Innovations Through Finnish-Russian Cooperation
The knowledge : how to rebuild our world after an apocalypse
Men, machines and history : the story of tools and machines in relation to social progress
Sex, bombs and burgers : how war, porn and fast food created technology as we know it
Peculiar patents : a collection of unusual and interesting inventions from the Files of the U.S. Patent Office
The innovation master plan : the CEO’s guide to innovation
The greatest inventions of all time
Things around us
Scientific discovery, logic, and rationality : [Guy L. Leonard memorial conference in philosophy, 1, University of Nevada, Reno 1978]
The pinball effect : how renaissance water gardens made the carburetor possible - and other journeys through knowledge
100 inventions that made history : brilliant breakthroughs that shaped our world
And suddenly the inventor appeared : TRIZ, the theory of inventive problem solving
New and improved ... : invertors and inventions that have changed the modern world
MOMENTS IN THE HISTORY OF ROMANIAN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
The bullet-catcher's daughter
The technologists : a novel
Ancient engineers' inventions : precursors of the present
Evil inventions
Great inventions through history
Inventoship : the art of innovation
Inventing the 21st century
The European Patent Convention : a commentary
On the optimal novelty requirement in patent protection
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
Technology transfer of research results protected by intellectual property : Finland and China
The way things work : Guide to a magical world of machines, inventions and technology
Towards success by innovative marketing : Case: Junior Chamber International in Kokkola
The big bento box of unuseless japanese inventions : the art of Chindogu
What's next for communication?
101 unuseless Japanese inventions : the art of Chindogu
The alternative guide to the universe
Women iventors organizations
Dictionary of inventions and discoveries
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
The long Earth
Frank Einstein and the electro-finger
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 6
The kingdom of light
The employee-inventor and the firm : opening the black box
The unfixed stars: a novel
Time-travel bath bomb
This book describes the inventions and designs of ancient engineers who are the precursors of the present. The period ranges mainly from 300 B.C: to 1600 A.D. with several exceptions. Many of the oldest inventions are documented by archaeological finds, often very little known, mainly from Pompeii, Herculaneum and Stabiae and reveal a surprising modernity in their conception. Most of the inventions presented in the first four parts of the book were conceived up to the late Roman Empire and may be considered as milestones, each in their respective field. The fifth part concentrates on more recent centuries. The sixth part deals with some building construction techniques. Generally, for each of the presented inventions, three elements of research and reference are provided: written documents (the classics), iconic references (coins, bas-reliefs, etc.) and archaeological findings. The authors did not write this book for engineers only; hence they describe all the devices without assuming wide technical knowledge. The authors' main aim is to try to communicate their enthusiasm for the inventions and the inventors of the past and to contribute to the fascinating study of the History of Engineering.
Inventions : an accessible guide that really explains technological breakthroughs
Tomb of doom
What's next for entertainment
Encyclopedia of world events : eighty turning points in history
Bumbelievable! : a mind-bending collection of facts
The eureka! moment : 100 key scientific discoveries of the 20th century
What's next for medicine?
Doctor Proctor's fart powder
How we got to now : six innovations that made the modern world
The way things work now
Why didn't I think of that? : Bizarre origins of ingenious inventions we couldn't live without
Method and apparatus in connection with the spinnaker pole of a sailing boat
Disrupt yourself : master personal transformation, seize oppotunity and thrive in the era of endless innovation
1000 inventions and discoveries
Chinese science and the West
Using renewable energy as an innovation source : case study of Pörtom Community
The book of inventions
Scientific discovery as a questioning process
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Inventions : a thousand years of bright ideas and the science that inspired them
Charles Babbage and his calculating engines
See inside inventions
The end of the world. Maybe
Drug discovery : a casebook and analysis
The king of space
Techno textiles 2
Plague and cholera
The story of science
The thief
The people in the trees
Imagination : a droll history of inventors and inventions
Intellectual property: a guide for engineers : a project for the Committee on Issues Identification, American Society of Mechanical Engineers
Patentability of biotechnology research tools and access to patented tools in European Patent Law
Inventions
The science magpie : fascinating facts, stories, poems, diagrams and jokes plucked from science
Toys! : amazing stories behind some great inventions
Come Josephine in my Flying Machine : inventions and topics in popular songs 1910-1929
Introduction to intellectual property law
The development of design
Traitor
Black hole : how an idea abondoned by Newtonians, hated by Einstein and gambled on by Hawking became loved
Creation without restraint : Promoting liberty and rivalry in innovation
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
Up, up and away
Technology's past. Vol. 2, More heroes of invention and innovation
Knowledge management : organizing knowledge based enterprises
FutureWorld : where science fiction becomes science
Story of things : from the stone age to the modern age in 10 pop-up spreads
Steampunk rally
The technological fix : how people use technology to create and solve problems
The paper trail : an unexpected history of a revolutionary invention
Invention
A brief history of the future
Inventing the American dream : a history of curious, extraordinary, and just plain useful patents
The diffusion of science driven drug discovery : organizational change in pharmaceutical research
All about inventions
Patents, product cycles and non-diversifiable risk
The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks
They Laughed At Galileo
This day in business history : great corporate tales, commercial milestones, colorful titans, captivating quotes and calmitous blunders for every day of the year
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 5
The story of inventions
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
The engineering chapter
Finland : technology transfer and rights in research results in Finland
Plug in and touch
Innovations diffused : a random walk in history
Intellectual property and climate change : Inventing clean technologies
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 4
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Best-loved children's stories
The big ideas of Buster Bickles
Zed : a cosmic tale
Inventions : inventors & ingenious ideas
The discovery of the uses of colouring agents in biological micro-technique
The Eureka method : how to think like an inventor
Inventing the 19th century : 100 inventions that shaped the Victorian age, from Aspirin to Zeppelin
Technology's past : America's industrial revolution and the people who delivered the goods
Engineering solutions for sustainability : materials and resources : workshop report and recommendations
The struggle to understand : a history of human wonder and discovery
Wonders of our world
Demonstrates how knowledge management can be used to enhance business processes. It focuses on the need to develop collaborative knowledge networks, which are increasingly global in nature and which support people with the technology needed to work across distance to foster the innovation needed to remain competitive in global environments.
Inventions : Pop Up Models from the Drawings of Leonardo da Vinci
How nearly everything was invented by the brainwaves
Vincent Shadow : the top secret toys
13 things that don't make sense : the most intriguing scientific mysteries of our time
1001 inventions that changed the world
Things : a volume about the origin and early history of many things, common and less common, essential and inessential
The big ideas that changed the world
Eureka! : the most amazing scientific discoveries of all time
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE HISTORY OF ROMANIAN SCIENCE AND TECHNIQUE FROM THE 15TH TO THE EARLY 19TH CENT
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
Computing with quantum cats : from colossus to qubits
How loud can you burp? : and other extremely important questions (and answers) from the Science Museum
Intellectual property : omnipresent, distracting, irrelevant?
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
Milestones of science
