http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8664 parental leave
parental leave
Fatherhood in the Nordic welfare states : comparing care policies and practice
Flexible working and organisational change : the integration of work and personal life
Impact of alternative benefit levels and parental choices on the parents' income : micro-simulation approach on the Finnish parental leave
"How Welfare States Care shows, by in depth analyses of women's (and men's) employment and care patterns as well as child care services, taxation, leave schemes and social security in four different welfare states (the UK, the Netherlands, Denmark and Belgium) that this logic does not hold. A mother is not primarily the homo economicus welfare state scholars tend to presume. This book demonstrates that European women are more motivated by culturally and morally shaped ideals of care embedded in welfare states than by economic reality."--BOOK JACKET.
Reconciliation of professional and private life : exchange of good practices
"Making work pay" debates from a gender perspective : a comparative review of some recent policy reforms in thirty European countries
Fathers' use of parental leave in Estonia
Social policy, employment and family change in comparative perspective
Finnish yearbook of population research. 44, 2009
Toward a working life : solving the work-family dilemma
The politics of parental leave policies : children, parenting, gender and the labour market
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in the welfare state
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
How welfare states care : culture, gender and parenting in Europe
The parental leave crisis : toward a national policy
Men on parental leave : how men use parental leave in the Nordic countries
Parental leave : progress or pitfall? : research and policy issues in Europe
Abstract (1 s.).
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
The Nordic countries are known worldwide for their extensive welfare system and gender equality, which enables both parents to hold jobs, earn money, and care for their children. In this volume, scholars from the Nordic countries, as well as from the United States and the UK, explore the effects of these policies on fatherhood, and how the policies that support it contribute to shaping and influencing the image, role, and practice of fathers in a diversity of family settings.
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
What's sex got to do with it? : women and men in European labour markets
Abstract: Mother's care, shared parenthood - and freedom to choose. Argumentation in Finnish parental leave reforms from the 1970's to the 2000s.
Searching for equality : sex discrimination, parental leave and the Swedish model with comparisons to EU, UK and US law
