http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8666 Delphi
Delphi
The double tongue
The Delphic oracle : its responses and operations : with a catalogue of responses
Developing custom Delphi 3 components
"Most people think about the sanctuary of Delphi as the seat of the famous oracle and of Olympia as the site of the Olympic games. The oracle and the games, however, were but two of the many activities ongoing at both sites. This book investigates the physical remains of both sanctuaries to show how different visitors interacted with the sacred spaces of Delphi and Olympia in an important variety of ways during the archaic and classical periods. It highlights how this fluid usage impacted upon, and was itself affected by, the development of the sanctuary space and how such usage influenced the place and relationship of these two sites in the wider landscape. As a result, it argues for the re-evaluation of the roles of Delphi and Olympia in the Greek world and for a re-thinking of the usefulness of the term 'panhellenism' in Greek politics, religion and culture"--
Building Internet applications with Delphi 2
An introduction to object-oriented programming
Teach yourself... Delphi
A books management system
"The Delphi Technique in Nursing and Health Research is a practical guide to using the Delphi methodology for students and researchers in nursing and health. It adopts a logical step-by-step approach, introducing the researcher to the 'Delphi', outlining its development, analysing key characteristics and parameters for the successful application of the Delphi and exploring its applications in nursing and health. The book addresses issues of methodology, design, framing the research question, sampling, instrumentation, methodological rigour, reliability and validity, and methods of data analysis. The Delphi Technique in Nursing and Health Research enables the reader to be aware of the limitations of the technique and possible solutions, to design a Delphi questionnaire for each of the different rounds of a study, to consider different approaches to the technique in relation to a study, to analyse the data from each round of a Delphi study and understand the importance of feedback between rounds. Key Points "A practical guide to facilitate use of the 'Delphi' technique, provides the reader with the necessary information to participate in and conduct Delphi studies, examines different types of Delphi, including the e-Delphi, and modifications made to the technique, includes examples of real empirical investigations, brief case scenarios and key learning points for each chapter, explores the role of the Delphi researcher, explore ethical issues and issues of anonymity, use of experts and controlled feedback"--Provided by publisher.
Teach yourself Delphi 2 in 21 days
Client/server developer's guide with Delphi 3
The future of Murmansk Oblast assessed by three Delphi panels
Delphi in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Studies in oracular verses : concordance to Delphic responses in hexameter
Impact of waste-to-energy on the demand and supply relationships of recycled fibre
Work Load Simulator
The development of karting race administration system
The first volume of Young Lukanian Archaeologists (YLA) sub-series examines monumental votive offerings (tripods or pedestals which supported statues, or fragments of statuary groups more complex) by Western Greeks of Magna Graecia and Sicily (also Massaliotes and Etruscans) in the Sanctuary of Apollo at Delphi between 6th and 4th centuries BC. The presence of Italian and Sicilian cities, from the lists of teorodochi and prosseni in the sanctuary, coincides with the most prosperous period of their history. Some of these dedications are known only through literary sources, while others are still detectable in the themenos. These are fragments with inscriptions that refer to imposing and prestigious offerings. The data collected show that the most important dedications are related to the 6th-4th centuries BC.
Abstract: Connecting and programming embedded systems and Delphi applications.
Gazing into the oracle : the Delphi method and its application to social policy and public health
Outcomes of education in information technology : towards a model of nursing informatics education
Developing Windows applications using Delphi
Developing with Delphi : object-oriented techniques
The oracle and sanctuary of the Greek god Apollo at Delphi were known as the "omphalos"--The "center" or "navel" - of the ancient world for more than 1000 years. Individuals, city leaders, and kings came from all over the Mediterranean and beyond to consult Delphi's oracular priestess; to set up monuments to the gods in gold, ivory, bronze, marble, and stone; and to take part in athletic and musical competitions. This book provides the first comprehensive narrative history of this extraordinary sanctuary and city, from its founding to its modern rediscovery, to show more clearly than ever before why Delphi was one of the most important places in the ancient world for so long. In this richly illustrated account, Michael Scott covers the whole history and nature of Delphi, from the literary and archaeological evidence surrounding the site, to its rise as a center of worship with a wide variety of religious practices, to the constant appeal of the oracle despite her cryptic prophecies. He describes how Delphi became a contested sacred site for Greeks and Romans and a storehouse for the treasures of rival city-states and foreign kings. He also examines the eventual decline of the site and how its meaning and importance have continued to be reshaped right up to the present. Finally, for the modern visitor to Delphi, he includes a brief guide that highlights key things to see and little-known treasures. A unique window into the center of the ancient world, this book will appeal to general readers, tourists, students, and specialists.
The Delphi technique in nursing and health research
This paper evaluates the development of the socio-spatial structures and geoeconomic position of Murmansk Oblast up the year 2025. The study applies strong prospective trends and industrial cluster approaches in analysis and interpretation and it interprets the results in the context of regional development theories.The Delphi method is applied for analysing the potential development paths of Murmansk Oblast. Two Delphi panels were set up in 2005. The panel data in this article consist of the answers of 77 persons including pilot interview. The experts in the Murmansk panel are from Murmansk Oblast, the ones in the Moscow panel are from Moscow and St. Petersburg, and those in the international panel come from Finland, Norway and Great Britain. The clusters of transportation and energy will be the most probable growth sectors in Murmansk Oblast during 2005-25. According to the expert panels the three most important strong prospective main trends influencing socio-economic development in Murmansk Oblast constitute the potential of logistics and transport, the impacts of new technology and globalisation. From the viewpoint of development theories the development of Murmansk Oblast seems to rely very much on the argumentation of the resources and physical environment and supply-side theories.
Delphi and Olympia : the spatial politics of Panhellenism in the archaic and classical periods
Utilization-focused evaluation : the new century text
The contemporary and future clinical skills of emergency department nurses : experts' perceptions using delphi- technique
Public sector opinions and foresight towards Rail Baltica alignment : in search of growth seeds
.NET 2.0 for Delphi programmers
Building Delphi 2 database applications
The Asia-Pacific program evaluation development and challenge project in 2006-2007 was a collaboration of researchers with varied cultural backgrounds and from two different countries. It focused on the Asia-Pacific region and utilized a Delphi technique involving experts from 11 countries/areas (Australia, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Macao, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, and Thailand). Readers will learn of the challenges encountered by the research team and problems in using the Delphi, online survey, purposive and snowball sampling, and working cross-culturally.
Consumer-centered nursing with ICT : a futuristic viewpoint
Database developer's guide with Delphi 2
PIC cookbook for virtual instrumentation
Developing custom Delphi components
Peter Norton's guide to Delphi 2
Teacher Competencies in Health Education : Results of a Delphi Study
DHL Freight (Finland) 2020 – Foresight study on Logistics in South-Eastern Finland
Connecting and programming embedded systems and Delphi applications
A Delphi study of program evaluation in the Asia-Pacific region : consensus building among different cultural and national contexts
Borland Delphi how-to : the definitive Delphi problem solver
Forest certified liquid and food packages : future threats, possibilities and trends
Abstract : University education in the development of nutritional expertise
SMD measurements archive management software
MasteringTM DelphiTM 6
Delphi : a history of the center of the ancient world
Mastering Borland Delphi 2005
