http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8671 paints
paints
Analysis of modern paints
Chemical and physical changes in paints or painted wood due to ageing
Radiology of esophageal carcinoma, with special reference to the diagnostic significance of the posterior tracheal band
Shots on goal : goalies are players too! : include your goalie in your practice
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 1.
The Blue Gee glassfibre and epoxy wood book
Goalkeeping : the specialist
Korro : Teknos customer magazine
Standards in architectural paint research
Paint : decorating with water-based paints
Combinations of titanium dioxide and fillers in paints
Decorative painting : get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
Facts on finishing
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Already daring to be eco-friendly
Hockey goaltending for young players : an instructional guide
Mediaeval painter's materials and techniques : the Montpellier Liber diversarum arcium
300 tips, techniques & trade secrets for painting & decorating
The aim of this thesis was to improve methods for polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and terphenyl (PCT) analytics with the equipment that was available, examine leaching of PCBs and PCTs from sample material and also determine the amount of mentioned compounds in the sample material. PCBs and PCTs have been widely used in products such as cooling liquids, flame retardant and additives in paints, printing inks and surfactants before environmental problems they cause were discovered.     For PCB- and PCT-analytics there was available gas chromatograph mass spectrometer and a compatible non-polar column. Based on the literature, a mid-polar column would have been the best option, but it was not available. In analytics of PCBs and PCTs, the thing that makes analysis challenging is the similarity of different compounds, so called congeners. Their retention times and mass spectra are very close to each other. In addition, in samples there is usually either very high or very low concentration of PCBs and PCTs and that further complicates analytics. In this thesis, sample material was ground waste from a storage room of an elementary school located in Tampere. The total amount of PCBs and PCTs in this material and leaching of them into water was determined by gas chromatography and mass spectrometry.     Contrary to preliminary information, no PCT-compounds were found from the sample material, so in this study attention was paid to analytics of Aroclor 1260 PCB mixture, for it was found from the sample material. The temperature program of gas chromatograph and ions to be monitored with mass spectrometer were chosen to be optimal for that exact PCB mixture. From the sample material was found about 3 700 mg of PCB compounds per kilogram of ground waste. This amount exceeds the limit of hazardous waste and thus has to be treated as hazardous waste. However, leaching of PCBs into the water was minimal, as highest 0.01 % of the PCB amount the waste contained.    All in all, compared to old methods used, there was change in temperature program, ions to be monitored and way of preparing standard solutions. In the future PCB and PCT analytics could be further promoted by creating respective methods also for other PCB and PCT mixtures. In this way analytics of other PCB and PCT mixtures can also be done in a highly reliable manner.        Keywords: Polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorinated terphenyls, GC-MS.
Interior house-painting colours and technology 1615-1840
Kaikki maalit : FIFA World Cup, Germany 2006.
Architectural paint research : sharing information, sharing decisions
Traditional paints and finishes : how to use natural materials and authentic techniques in today's decorating
Willem de Kooning : the artist's materials / Susan F. Lake ; with technical analysis by Susan F. Lake and Michael Schilling
Analysis of modern paints / Thomas J. Learner
Babar's book of color
Architectural finishes in the built environment
European coatings handbook
Yes goal! : best of Premier League
Learn to paint (your ship)
The encyclopedia of decorative paint effects
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Vol. 3
Marketing communication tools and media selection for company X
Removing paint from old buildings
The finnish pine tar
The science of paintings
Lucio Fontana : the artist's materials / Pia Gottschaller ; with scientific analysis by Narayan Khandekar, Lynn F. Lee, and Daniel P. Kirby
Modern paints uncovered : proceedings from the modern paints uncovered symposium organised by the Getty Conservation Institute, Tate, and the National Gallery of Art, Tate Modern, London, May 16-19, 2006
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 5, Antifouling paint biocides Part 5.0
Chemical aspects of ecological paint : emission of aldehydes
Paint recipe book
Ice hockey goaltending : physiological loading and game analysis
The wettability properties of nano- and micro-modified paint surfaces
Journal of the Oil and Colour Chemists' Association
Analysis, fate and toxicity of zinc- and copper pyrithione in the marine environment
How to paint your car
Introduction to the repair of lime-ash and plaster floors
Paint technology handbook
Case Study Oy SWS-tuote/Possibilities to import sublimation paints from Germany
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 3.
Keeper : mastering the art of goalkeeping. 2.
Artists' pigments c. 1600-1835 : a study in English documentary sources
Painting conservation catalog. Vol. 1, Varnishes and surface coatings
Thinking outside of the can : sustainable management of post-consumer paint and packaging in Finland
Introduction to paint chemistry and principles of paint technology
Paint : the fired earth book of natural colour
Coatings formulation : an international textbook
Cultural heritage microbiology : fundamental studies in conservation science
Standard test method for determining the resistance of paint films and related coatings to algal defacement
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Volume 4
Layers of understanding : setting standards for architectural paint research / [edited by Helen Hughes]
Annie Sloan's painted garden : 25 easy outdoor paint effects to transform any surface
Paint research in building conservation
Improved analytical methods for polychlorinated biphenyls and terphenyls
The toxic touch
Organic coatings : science and technology
Fantasy finishes : paint techniques for interiors furniture and objects
Outlines of paint technology. 1, Materials
Marine coatings : a beauty more than skin deep
The Finnish pine tar
Water-soluble polymers and surfactants in latex paints : competitive adsorption and rheological properties
Conservation and stratigraphic analysisi of the sculpture Saint and the Child Jesus
Plank roof and traditional paintwork : sustainable heritage report no. 5
Paints, coatings and solvents
Goal line technology in football : a survey examining necessity, attitudes and attributes
Goalie coach course for th IIHF
Hockey goaltending
Using the DMAIC Model to Manage Machine Defects
Formulas for painters
Jean Paul Riopelle : the artist's materials / Marie-Claude Corbeil, Kate Helwig, and Jennifer Poulin ; with an essay by Stéphane Aquin and a preface by Yseult Riopelle
Behind the mask : the Ian Young goaltending method
Manchester United Fergie's 2000 goals
Architectural paint research on the Central Hall of the Maastricht Town Hall
Encyclopedia of the airbrush. Airbrush workbook
Paint and coating testing manual
Soccer : goalkeeper training
Recipes for surfaces : decorative paint finishes made simple
Ecotoxicology of antifouling biocides
The natural paint decorator
The natural paint book
Characteristics of goaltending : (a game within a game)
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics : volume 1. Vol. 1
Failure analysis of paints and coatings
Study of the implementation of an EC policy for reducing VOC emissions from private and architectural use of paints and varnishes : phase II
The sketchbook challenge : techniques, prompts, and inspiration for achieving your creative goals
International challenges EU directive
Kaikki maalit : Fifa World Cup Germany 2006.
The art of colour mixing : minimun colours for maximum effect, using watercolours, acrylics and oils
