http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8673 laces
laces
Vogue dictionary of crochet stitches
A manual of lace
Classic Knitted Cotton Edgings
Bruges flower lace
The gentle arts
New dimensions in tatting : new approaches to an old technique
New lace knitting : designs for wide open spaces
Cassell illustrated dictionary of lacemaking
Embroidery 1 1860
The Good housekeeping needlecraft encyclopedia
Victorian lace today
Learn lacecraft
Lay the table - with Bobbin Lace
Needlelace stitches : classic and contemporary
Tambour Work
Lace and lace making
Flanders lace:: a step- by-step guide
Needle-made laces and net embroideries : reticella work, carrickmacross lace, princess lace and other traditional techniques
Threads of lace : from source to sink
Second book of modern lace knitting
Needle lace & needleweaving : a new look at traditional stitches
Tatting with visual patterns
Tatted handkerchiefs
Bobbin & Needle Laces : Identification & Care
Den 3. orkisbog = The 3rd tatting book = Das 3. occhibush
Wrapped in lace : knitted heirloom designs from around the world
Encyclopedia of needlework
The Complete book of Tatting : Tatting
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 7.
Knitted lace
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 3.
Contemporary lace making
100 traditional bobbin lace patterns
Erica Wilson's Needlework to wear
Mounting and using lace
Weddings, christenings & anniversaries in lace
Carrickmacross lace : Irish embroidered net lace : a survey and manual with full size patterns
The Lavendon collection of bobbin lace patterns
Reflections on lace : a letter to my granddaughters
Knitting lace : a workshop with patterns and projects
A creative guide to knitted lace
Stitchery and needle lace from Threads magazine
The Borris Lace Collection : a unique Irish needlelace
Simple crochet motifs : 20 patterns for stylish accessories
Textile identification, conservation and preservation
Reader's Digest Complete guide to needlework
Chrysanthemum lace : an introduction to chrysanthemum lace
Traditional lace knitting
Filet lace : stitches and patterns
220 more crochet stitches. Vol. 7.
Five centuries of lace
Needlelace in photographs
The encyclopedia of sewing machine techniques
The basic book of macrame and tatting
The torchon lace workbook
The Technique of Filet Lace
The book of lace stitches
Tatting - just knots : tatting for beginners
Plants  & flowers in lace
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 5.
Colour in lace
Understanding fabrics : from fiber to finished cloth
A living mystery : the international art & history of crochet
The complete book of tatting : everything you wanted to know but couldn't find out about shuttle lace
Lace : history and fashion
12 tatted fairy-tales
A Venetian island : environment, history and change in Burano
Made with lace : 40 exquisite lace garments and accessories
Lace : a history
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 6.
Lace machines and machine laces : volume 2
The identification of lace
Singer instructions for art embroidery and lace work
The technique of Torchon lace
100 lace flowers to crochet
50 new bobbin lace patterns
The technique of bobbin lace
24 hearts in bobbin lace
OIDFA bulletin : quarterly journal of the International Bobbin and Needle Lace Organization
Christmas cones in bobbin lace
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 11.
Sutch bobbin lace petterns : withof and duchesse
Apropos patterns for embroidery lace and woven textiles
New uses for old laces
101 torchon patterns : with coloured technical diagrams
Kirsti of Old Rauma
The art of lacemaking
Twentieth-Century Lace
Milanese lace : an introduction
Loop-d-loop lace : more than 30 novel lace designs for knitters
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 8.
Needlepoint lace : designs from the countryside
Beginning bobbin lace
Peter's Torchon Lace
The finer edge : crocheted trims, motifs & borders
The technique of Teneriffe lace
Bees, birds and butterflies in lace ; Edna Sutton And Mary Moseley
Embroidery 2 1870
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 4.
Knotting & netting : the art of filet work
New designs in lace making
Bobbin lace : form by the twisting of cords
Crochet lace innovations : 20 dazzling designs in broomstick, hairpin, tunisian, and exploded lace
Lace : the poetry of fashion, with representative values
The technique of bruges flower lace
Good housekeeping new complete book of needlecraft
Needle lace and needleweaving : a new look at traditional stitches
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 5.
Practical skills in bobbin lace
Lace machines and machine laces
A manual of hand-made bobbin lace work
Creative design in bobbin lace
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 1.
The technique of needlepoint lace
Lace and costume / Martine Bruggeman
Lace : a guide to identification of old lace types and techniques
Masterpieces of Irish crochet lace : techniques, patterns and instructions
The technique of Honiton lace
Digital Archive of Lace Documents : Volume 2.
Needlelace
Machine needlelace and other embellishment techniques
Crochet for the home : with complete diagrams
A pattern book of tatting
