http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8674 dance education
dance education
The call of forests and lakes : proceedings of the 1997 conference of dance and the child : international
The Art of dance in education
First steps in teaching creative dance to children
Dance education in theory and practice
Dance units for middle school
Tanssia pohjoisen taivaan alla : suomalainen lapsi tanssii = Dance under the northern sky : children dancing in Finland
Ways of knowing in dance and art
The arts inspected : good teaching in art, dance, drama, music
Provides a dance curriculum to teachers and students preparing to teach creative dance. This book demystifies expectations when teaching creative dance and provides the theory, methods and lesson ideas for success in a variety of settings and with students of all ages.
Performing arts in the primary school
Terrific or terrible : schoolchildren's views on creative dance
A handbook for dance in education
Your move
The same difference? : ethical and political perspectives on dance
International yearbook for research in arts education, Volume 3 (2015)
Your move : a new approach to the study of movement and dance
Teaching and learning processes in movement exploration and composition
Rhythmic activities and dance
Lesson plans for creative dance : connecting with literature, arts, and music
Conditioning for dance
Let's dance : the place of dance in the primary school
Inspirations for dance & movement
Delivering authentic arts education
Perpetual motion : creative movement exercises for dance and dramatic arts
A dream journey to the unknown : searching for dialogue in dance education
Brain-compatible dance education
This collection of articles by Susan W. Stinson, organized thematically and chronologically by the author, reveals the evolution of the field of arts education in general   and dance education in particular, through narrative and critical reflections by this unique scholar and a few co-authors.   It also includes contextual insights not available elsewhere.   The author's pioneering embodied research work in arts and dance education continues to be relevant to researchers today.   The selected chapters and articles were predominantly previously published in a variety of journals, conference proceedings, and books between 1985 and the present.   Each section is preceded by an introduction and the author has written a postscriptum for each article to offer a commentary or response to the article from the current perspective.
Interdisciplinary learning through dance : 101 moventures
Knowing dance : a guide for creative teaching
Did you ever climb a tree? : a children's multimedia work group, a way in - and out again
Contact improvisation & body-mind centering : a manual for teaching & learning movement
Movement and dance education
The dance and the drum : integrated projects in music, dance and drama for schools
Antonio's raindance : music for creative dance = Antonion sadetanssi : musiikkia luovaan tanssiin
International handbook of research in arts education. Part 2
Creative dance in the primary school
Imaginary dances : more themes for children dancing
The call of forests and lakes : Program of the 7th International Dance and the Child Conference
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference, October 9, 2009 at the University of Helsinki : post-conference book
More write dance : extending development of write dance for children age 4-8
Ballet teaching - skill acquisation or art education?
Dance educators in higher education have a long history of enriching the lives of others through community-based teaching, choreography, research, and service. Yet their valuable contributions to community development may not be acknowledged as legitimate scholarship by the university or other educational organizations. If you are a dance educator or student seeking to engage in public scholarship in dance and want to ensure your work receives the attention it deserves, this resource is for you. Public Scholarship in Dance is a dance-specific guide that provides examples of what others have done and suggestions for ways dance educators can evaluate their own projects or work for scholarship. Complete with research, teaching, performance, assessments, and dissemination tools, it is a total package that supports dance educators in their professional development through public scholarship and community engagement.
Assessment of schoolchildren's performance in dance
Building more dances : blueprints for putting movements together
Stepping queerly? : discourses in dance education for boys in late 20th century Finland
Dance-expression experienced by children : educational development in teaching dance-expression at the Finnish Comprehensive school 1988-1992
Dance as education : towards a national dance culture
This yearbook is the third in an annual series of publications by the International Network for Research in Arts Education (INRAE). It provides an inclusive study of contemporary research trends in arts education. The book is based on the idea of constructing knowledge in arts education with the wisdom of the many. 104 scholars from across the world convey the zeitgeist of key issues in research in arts education through 91 entries. Various disciplines of arts education (music, art, visual arts and digital media, drama and theatre), as well as sections on interdisciplinary themes (culture, communities, teaching and learning, assessment, policy, morals, ethics and aesthetics) and methodological issues (a research section), are incorporated in a compendium for every researcher, student, teacher or artist who wants to be engaged in the recent exchange of scholarly ideas on what is considered significant by the many. The key issues represented in the book reflect images and observations that a large body of researchers consider to be essential at this point of time.
Teaching modern educational dance
The Eric Hawkins Modern Dance Technique offers a detailed explanation of the Hawkins technique, including its history and basic philosophy based on a belief in the integration of body, mind, and soul.
Dance, power, and difference : critical and feminist perspectives on dance education
Meetings between dance pedagogics and visual arts
Young children, pedagogy and the arts : ways of seeing
Research in dance education
Embodied curriculum theory and research in arts education : a dance scholar's search for meaning
Playdancing : discovering and developing creativy in young children
Dance education tips from the trenches
Fragile masculinities and the sex role theory in dance for boys: a critical discourse
Practical modern educational dance : with suggested studies
Dance education : basic principles and models for nursey and primary school
Public scholarship in dance : teaching, choreography, research, service, and assessment for community engagement
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
When men dance : choreographing masculinities across borders
The Erick Hawkins modern dance technique
Modern educational dance
Building dances
Hearing, feeling, playing : music and movement with hard-of-hearing and deaf children
Creative dance : enriching undertanding
Rhythm, music & education
ICHPER-SD journal : the official magazine of the International Council for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, Sport, and Dance
History of the dance in art and education
Teaching children dance
Braindance : variations for infants through seniors
The inherent, the foreign, in common : documentation 1995.
Dance in a world of change : reflections on globalization and cultural difference
Pretending to learn : helping children learn through drama
Art for art's sake? : the impact of arts education
Dance about anything
Summary.
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
Fields in motion : ethnography in the worlds of dance
Dance at school : the manifold possibilities of dance
Children dancing
Dance ideas : for teachers, students and children
In touch with dance
International handbook of research in arts education
International handbook of research in arts education. Part 1
A practical guide to teaching dance
Dance improvisations : warm-ups, games and choreographic tasks
This practical text helps student teachers develop their confidence, understandings and skills so that they can effectively and authentically teach arts in primary and middle school classrooms. Delivering Authentic Arts Education outlines the true nature of arts education and its importance in the curriculum, emphasising the arts as forms of creative activity, meaning-making and expression in a cultural context. Written in the context of the Australian Curriculum: The Arts, this new edition makes it easy for students to connect to curriculum documents. Chapters discuss how to recognise and build on your existing artistic abilities and pedagogical skills, how to encourage children's creativity, and the general principles of planning and assessment. It then examines the five arts areas: dance, drama, media arts, music and visual arts. The final part of the text contains sample learning activities and resources that demonstrate how to plan an effective lesson within a unit of inquiry. Practical tips, classroom 'snapshots', starter ideas and suggestions for programs show you the links between theory and practice so you can develop arts education experiences that are purposeful, stimulating and engaging for everyone.
Towards ballet : dance training for the very young
Dance technique for children
Expression in music and dance education : International Orff-Schulwerk Symposium, Orivesi Finland March 24-26, 2000
Orientation for contemporary dance education in Finland
Creative dance for all ages : a conceptual approach
Creative dance for boys
Inner rhythm : dance training for the deaf
Culture creates schools - schools create culture : dance goes into schools!
The art of dance in education
Movement and dance in early childhood
Teaching your wings to fly : the nonspecialist's guide to movement activities for young children
Dance, education and philosophy
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
Arts education in secondary schools : effects and effectiveness
Dance in higher education in the United States and its adaptation to Finland
The concept of dance education
Courage and strength : creative work with children
Inner rhythm : dance trainig for the deaf
Multiple embodiment in classical ballet : educating the dancer as an agent of change in the cultural evolution of ballet
The art & science of nurturing dancemakers : papers from the Greenhouse Effect Conference
Dance for young children : finding the magic in movement
