http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8672 Pietism
Pietism
"Aus Gottes Wort und eigener Erfahrung gezeiget" : Erfahrung - Glauben, Erkennen und Gestalten im Pietismus : Beiträge zum III. Internationalen Kongress für Pietismusforschung 2009
Baroque piety : religion, society, and music in Leipzig, 1650-1750
Addresses the rise and inner life of the Egyptian pietist movement in the first half of the thirteenth century, calling attention to the Sufi subtext of Jewish pietism without reducing its spiritual synthesis and religious renewal to a set of political calculations.--
The physical, moral and spiritual : a study on vitalist psychology and the philosophy of religion of Lars Levi Laestadius
A history of the Finnish church
The translation of culture : essays to E. E. Evans-Pritchard
A Lutheran plague : murdering to die in the eighteenth century
Voices of the turtledoves : the sacred world of Ephrata
German radical Pietism
Pietism, revivalism and modernity, 1650-1850
Summary: The image of Pietism - a window to personal spirituality : the teachings of Johann Arndt as the basis of Pietist emblems.
Between Sardis and Philadelphia : the life and world of Pietist court preacher Conrad Bröske
Summary.
Hopes for better spouses : protestant marriage and church renewal in early modern Europe, India, and North America
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Piety and politics : religion and the rise of absolutism in England, Württemberg and Prussia
Did the Pietists become ecotericists when they read the works of Jacob Boehme?
Philipp Jakob Spener : Pietist patriarch
Pietism and colonialism : Swedish schooling in eighteenth-century Sápmi
Early evangelicalism : a global intellectual history, 1670-1789
A pietist of the Napoleonic wars and after : the life of Countess von Reden
Instruments of devotion : the practices and objects of religious piety from the Late Middle Ages to the 20th century
Judaism, Sufism, and the Pietists of Medieval Egypt' addresses the extraordinary rise and inner life of the Egyptian pietist movement in the first half of the thirteenth century. The creative engagement with the dominant Islamic culture was always present, even when unspoken. Dr Russ-Fishbane calls attention to the Sufi subtext of Jewish pietiem, while striving not to reduce its spiritual synthesis and religious renewal to a set of political calculations. Ultimately, no single term or concept can fully address the creative expression of pietism that so animated Jewish society and that left its mark in numerous manuscripts and fragments from medieval Egypt. Russ-Fishbane offers a nuanced examination of the pietist sources on their own terms, drawing as far as possible upon their own definitions and perceptions. Jewish society in thirteenth-century Egypt reflects the dynamic reexamination by a venerable community of its foundational texts and traditions, even of its very identity and institutions, viewed and reviewed in the full light of its Islamic environment. The historical legacy of this religious synthesis belongs at once to the realm of Jewish culture, in all its diversity and dynamism, as well as to the broader spiritual orbit of Islamicate civilization.--
Pietism and community in Europe and North America, 1650-1850
Scandinavian Pietists : spiritual writings from 19th-century Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Tears into wine : J. S. Bach's cantata 21 in its musical and theological contexts
Western esotericism : based on papers read at the Symposium on Western Esotericism held at Åbo, Finland on 15-17 August 2007
Pietism in Germany and North America 1680-1820
A time of sifting : mystical marriage and the crisis of Moravian piety in the eighteenth century
Lutheran piety in Finnish pietism
Confessionalism and pietism : religious reform in early modern Europe
The rise of Evangelical Pietism
Pietism and the making of eighteenth-century Prussia
"Modern Protestant debates about spousal relations and the meaning of marriage began in a forgotten international dispute some 300 years ago. The Lutheran-Pietist ideal of marriage as friendship and mutual pursuit of holiness battled with the idea that submission defined spousal roles. Exploiting material culture artifacts, broadsides, hymns, sermons, private correspondence, and legal cases on three continents -- Europe, Asia, and North America -- A. G. Roeber reconstructs the roots and the dimensions of a continued debate that still preoccupies international Protestantism and its Catholic and Orthodox critics and observers in the twenty-first century."--Publisher's website.
Forerunner of the Great Awakening : sermons by Theodorus Jacobus Frelinghuysen (1691-1747)
The pietist theologians : an introduction to theology in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Pieties in transition : religious practices and experiences, c.1400-1640
German Pietism during the eighteenth century
A companion to German Pietism, 1660-1800
The rise of the laity in Evangelical Protestantism
A catalog of British devotional and religious books in German translation from the Reformation to 1750
The other side of joy : religious melancholy among the Bruderhof
"Examines the eighteenth-century crisis in the Moravian Church known as the Sifting Time, and the church's subsequent shift from radical beliefs and practices to conservative mainstream Protestantism"--Provided by publisher.
European pietism reviewed
An introduction to German pietism : protestant renewal at the dawn of modern Europe
Southern cross : the beginnings of the Bible Belt
Transnational evangelicalism : the case of Friedrich Bialloblotzky, 1799-1869
Jesus is female : Moravians and the challenge of radical religion in early America
Judaism, Sufism, and the pietists of medieval Egypt : a study of Abraham Maimonides and his times
The precisianist strain : disciplinary religion & antinomian backlash in Puritanism to 1638
