http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8682 molluscs
molluscs
Biology and pathogenesis of Perkinsus spp. in the softshell clam Mya arenaria
Population dynamics of blue mussels in a variable environment at the edge of their range
Proceedings of the Ninth Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Indonesia, 19-29 August 1998. Part 2
California ocean fisheries resources to the year 1960
The non-marine molluscs of the Maltese Islands
Assessment and management of biotoxin risks in bivalve molluscs
Otoconcha and its allies in New Zealand. New species and genera of New Zealand land snails with a revision of the genus Cavellia. A revision of the molluscan fauna of the Hurupi Beds, southern Wairarapa. A deep water molluscan fauna from the Tasman Sea
Proceedings of the Eight Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Thailand, 18-28 August 1997. Part 1
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Hand list of Mollusca in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 1, Gastropoda : Pulmonata and Prosobranchia-Neurobranchia
The complete encyclopedia of shells : informative text with hundreds of photographs
The marine molluscs of arctic Canada : prosobranch gastropods, chitons and scaphopods
Small woodland creatures
Lecture notes. Training courses of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) 31 October to 14 November 1999, hosted by the Ministry of Fisheries of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Part 3
Monograph of Unionoida in Japan (Mollusca: Bivalvia)
Proceedings of the Tenth International Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) 20-30 October 1999, hosted by the Ministry of Fisheries of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Part 1
Shellfish life histories and shellfishery models : selected papers from a symposium held in Moncton, New Brunswick, 25-29 June 1990
Quaternary malacostratigraphy in Hungary
World animal science. 100 4, Production of aquatic animals : crustaceans, molluscs, amphibians and reptiles
Chiribotan
Compendium of bivalves. 2, A full-color guide to the remaining seven families
The seafood industry
The marine fauna and flora of the Azores : proceedings of the Third International Workshop of Malacology and Marine Biology , Vila Franca do Campo, São Miguel, Açores, July 17-28, 2006.
Proceedings of the Fifth Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : conducted in Indonesia at Sam Ratulangi University, Manado and Hasanuddin University, Ujung Pandang, 12-23 September 1994
Proceedings of the Ninth Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Indonesia, 19-29 August 1998. Part 1
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Checklist and distribution of the Italian fauna : 10000 terrestrial and inland water species
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
Molluscs : their significance for science, medicine, commerce and culture
Catalogue of Mollusca in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Fasciculus E
State of hellenic fisheries
Tributyltin (TBT) effects on Cominella lineolata (Neogastropoda, Buccinidae) in the Derwent River estuary, Tasmania
Marine molluscs of Vietnam : annotations, voucher material, and species in need of verification : [Polyplacophora, Gastropoda, Cephalopoda, Bivalvia, Scaphopoda]
A manual of the Mollusca; being a treatise on recent and fossil shells
Sea farming and sea ranching in China
Sea shells of the world : a guide to the better-known species
The mollusks : a guide to their study, collection, and preservation
International aquatic animal health code : fish, molluscs and crustaceans : recommendations for international trade in aquatic animals and aquatic animal products
Compendium of landshells : a color guide to more than 2,000 of the world's terrestrial shells
The encyclopedia of shells
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
Proceedings of the Sixth Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : conducted in India at Annamalai University, 12-20 June 1995
Zoogeographical studies on the land mollusca of the province of Dalsland (SW.Sweden)
Proceedings of the 10th International Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 20-30 October 1999 in Hanoi & Halong Bay. Part 1
The zoology of East Greenland : marine Lamellibranchiata
Proceedings of the Seventh Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Java, Indonesia, 11-21 November 1996. Part 2
Assurance of seafood quality
The living marine resources of the Western Central Atlantic
A field guide to shells : Atlantic and gulf coasts and the West Indies
Mollusks of fresh and brackish waters of the U.S.S.R
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
Hatchery culture of bivalves : a practical manual
Index of the genera and species of Mollusca in the hand list of the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 1, Gastropoda
Manual of the New Zealand mollusca : atlas of plates
Sea shells of the world
Seashores and shallow seas of Britain and Europe
Monograph of the land & freshwater mollusca of the British Isles : Testacellidæ. Limacidœ. Arionidœ
Shell life : an introduction to the British mollusca
Proceedings of the Seventh Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Java, Indonesia, 11-21 November 1996. Part 1
The invertebrates. Vol. 6, Mollusca, 1. Aplacophora, Polyplacophora, Monoplacophora, Gastropoda : the coelomate Bilateria
Installation and operation of a modular bivalve hatchery
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
The phylogeny of vertebrata
The biology of terrestrial molluscs
Proceedings of the 1st Atlantic Islands Neogene International Congress, 12-14 June 2006, Sao Miguel, Azores, Portugal
Proceedings of the Malacological Society of London
The anatomy of the pelecypod family Arcidae
Quantitative aspects of the land mollusc fauna of deciduous forests in Laitila (Southwestern Finland) and Kiiminki (Northern Ostrobothnia)
Zoogeography and inventory of marine molluscs encountered in southern India : Eleventh International Congress & Workshop conducted at the Suganthi Devadason Marine Research Institute (SDMRI), Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu, India
Hand list of Mollusca in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 2, Gastropoda : Prosobranchia-Neurobranchia
Systematic revision of holoplanktonic Mollusca in the collections of the "Dipartimento di scienze della terra" at Torino, Italy
Proceedings of the 10th International Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 20-30 October 1999 in Hanoi & Halong Bay. Part 2
Disease processes in marine bivalve molluscs
Journal of molluscan studies
Index to the genera and species of Mollusca in the hand list of the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 2, Gastropoda
Proceedings of the Eight Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Thailand, 18-28 August 1997. Part 2
Papers on Mollusca
Application of modern analytical techniques to ensure seafood safety and authenticity
A field guide to the land snails of Britain and North-West Europe
Molluscan types of the Albatross Expeditions to the eastern Pacific described by W. H. Dall (1908)
An abridged check list and bibliography of West North American marine Mollusca
Stone age midden deposition assessed by bivalve sclerochronology and radiocarbon wiggle-matching of Arctica islandica shell increments
Monograph of the land & freshwater mollusca of the British Isles : Zonitidae, Endodontidae, Helicidae
A brief review of the fisheries of New South Wales : present and potential
Proceedings of the 10th [International] Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 20-30 October 1999 in Hanoi & Haiphong. Part 3, Lecture notes. Training courses of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 31 October to 14 November 1999
Charles Montague Cooke, Jr., a bio-bibliography
On the land molluscs of the Kevojoki river valley in Finnish Lapland
Types of shelled Indo-Pacific mollusks described by William Harper Pease (1824-71)
Code of practice for fish and fishery products
50 ways to kill a slug
Freshwater mussel ecology : a multifactor approach to distribution and abundance
Geographic information systems, remote sensing and mapping for the development and management of marine aquaculture
The effect of oil spills on seafood safety : an example of the application of the Nordic risk analysis model
Seafoods : chemistry, processing technology and quality
Enhancing or restoring the productivity of natural populations of shellfish and other marine invertebrate resources
Regional review on status and trends in aquaculture development in Europe - 2010 = Regional'nyj obzor sostoâniâ i tendencij razvitiâ akvakul'tury v Evrope - 2010
Application of risk assessment in the fish industry
Phylogeny and evolution of the Mollusca
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Conservation priorities on northern invertebrates especially on molluscs
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Vol. 22
Bibliography of the recent non-marine molluscs of Belgium, 1943-1995
Proceedings of the Tenth International Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) 20-30 October 1999, hosted by the Ministry of Fisheries of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Part 2
Proceedings of the Eleventh Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Tuticorin, India, 28 September to 8 October 2000.. Part 2
The distribution and abundance of Dreissena polymorpha (Pallas) in the eastern Gulf of Finland
Workshop on Status and Trends in Aquatic Genetic Resources : a basis for international policy : 8-10 May 2006, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Proceedings of the First Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) at Phuket Marine Biological Center, Thailand, 12-18 August 1991.
Compendium of bivalves. 1
Proceedings of the Third Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) at Phuket Marine Biological Center, Thailand, 1-4 November 1992.
Morskie brûhonogie mollûski Rossii : kratkij illûstrirovannyj katalog rakovin morskih brûhonogih mollûskov Rossii = Gastropod seashells of Russia : brief illustrated catalogue of gastropod seashells of Russia
The marine fauna and flora of the Azores : proceedings of the Second International Workshop of Malacology and Marine Biology , Vila Franca do Campo, São Miguel, Azores, July 21 - August 3, 1991.
The shell : five hundred million years of inspired design
The mollusks of the arid southwest : with an Arizona check list
Proceedings of the Eleventh Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : Tuticorin, India, 28 September to 8 October 2000.. Part 1
The British Carboniferous Producti.. 2
Bugs Britannica
Types of land and freshwater mollusks from the Hawaiian islands in the Museum of Comparative Zoology
Proceedings of the Fourth Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) at Prince of Songkla University, Thailand & Phuket Marine Biological Center, Thailand, October 27-November 2 1993.
The ecology of freshwater molluscs
Ecological aspects of used-water treatment. Vol. 1, The organisms and their ecology
Ecological and physiological aspects of contaminant accumulation and transport by the filter-feeding mussel, Mytilus edulis
