http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8681 cephalopods
cephalopods
Systematics and biogeography of Cephalopods. Volume 2
The shell in Vampyropoda (Cephalopoda) : morphology, functional role and evolution = Rakovina Vampyropoda (Cephalopoda) : morfologiâ, funkcionalʼnaâ rolʼ i èvolûciâ
Octopus : the ocean's intelligent invertebrate
English translations of selected publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 1, Selected translated publications, 1965-1994
FAO species identification sheets for fishery purposes : Southern Ocean : fishing areas 48, 58 and 88 : CCAMLR Conventiona Area. Volume 1
Cephalopods from the Cretaceous/Tertiary boundary interval on the Atlantic Coastal Plain : with a description of the highest ammonite zones in North America. Part 2, Northeastern Monmouth County, New Jersey
The role of cephalopods in the world's oceans : a theme
The Cephalopoda of the Plankton Expedition
Cephalopods of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of cephalopod species known to date. Vol. 1, : Chambered nautiluses and sepioids (Nautilidae, Sepiidae, Sepiolidae, Sepiadariidae, Idiosepiidae and Spirulidae)
"Peter Godfrey-Smith is a leading philosopher of science. He is also a scuba diver whose underwater videos of warring octopuses have attracted wide notice. In this book, he brings his parallel careers together to tell a bold new story of how nature became aware of itself. Mammals and birds are widely seen as the smartest creatures on earth. But one other branch of the tree of life has also sprouted surprising intelligence: the cephalopods, consisting of the squid, the cuttlefish, and above all the octopus. New research shows that these marvelous creatures display remarkable gifts. What does it mean that intelligence on earth has evolved not once but twice? And that the mind of the octopus is nonetheless so different from our own? Combining science and philosophy with firsthand accounts of his cephalopod encounters, Godfrey-Smith shows how primitive organisms bobbing in the ocean began sending signals to each other and how these early forms of communication gave rise to the advanced nervous systems that permit cephalopods to change colors and human beings to speak. By tracing the problem of consciousness back to its roots and comparing the human brain to its most alien and perhaps most remarkable animal relative, Godfrey-Smith's Other Minds sheds new light on one of our most abiding mysteries." -- Goodreads.com summary.
Cephalopods of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of cephalopod species known to date. Vol. 2, : Myopsid and Oegopsid squids
Brain and behaviour in cephalopds
Selected English translations of publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 2, Squid (biology and fishing)
Molecular systematics in the acanthocephalan genus Echinorhyncus (sensu lato) in northern Europe
Kraken : the curious, exciting, and slightly disturbing science of squid
Field guide to the living marine resources of Namibia
Fishing with traps and pots
The cephalopod papers
Cephalopods from the Cretaceous/Tertiary boundary interval on the Atlantic Coastal Plain, with a description of the highest ammonite zones in North America. Part 3, Manasquan River Basin, Monmouth County, New Jersey
The Lower Triassic cephalopod fauna of the Fort Douglas area, Utah
Other minds : the octopus and the evolution of intelligent life
Systematics and biogeography of Cephalopods. Volume 1
A natural history of the octopus, featuring personal narratives, underwater research, and closeup photography that details mating and predatory behaviors, intelligence, and problem-solving abilities.
