http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8689 identification (recognition)
identification (recognition)
Draught cattle : their osteological identification and history
Security and privacy in biometrics
All ears : adults' and children's earwitness testimony
Identification of microorganisms by mass spectrometry
Explorations in the psychology of testimony
Handbook of multibiometrics
Handbook of fingerprint recognition
Mobile relationship management : a mobile technology customer scenario
Introduction to biometrics
Identifying citizens : ID cards as surveillance
Abstract.
Digital Identity
Particle identification by Cherenkov Ring Imaging
Mistaken identification : the eyewitness, psychology, and the law
Photo storage system with face detection and recognition
Detection, quantification and characterization of food related microorganisms using molecular and physiological methods
Wood : the new compact study guide and identifier / Aidan Walker
AAA identity management security
Authentication in the visual arts : a multi-disciplinary symposium : Amsterdam, 12th March, 1977 / editors H.L.S. Jaffé, J. Storm van Leeuwen, L.H. van der Tweel
The Stein collection of coins from Chinese Central Asia
Handbook of vegetable pests
Practical atlas for bacterial identification
Virtual anxiety : photography, new technologies and subjectivity
Laboratory manual and workbook in microbiology : applications to patient care
Mastering system identification in 100 exercises
Access control systems : security, identity management and trust models
Handbook of face recognition
'Come, take this lute' : a quest for identities in Italian Renaissance portraiture
The illustrated Bartsch : 9 : commentary : part 2 : early German artists / by Jane C. Hutchinson ; general editor: John T. Spike
Laboratory experiments in microbiology
Openid authentication : issues and possible improvements
The author in Middle Byzantine literature : modes, functions, and identities
RFID : radio frequency identification
Analysis of an Iris recognition system based on partial Iris patterns
How to be invisible
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
Visual contacts : a phone-book for non-readers
Subjects missing objects : English students, word classes and sentence elements
Van Meegeren's faked Vermeers and De Hooghs : a scientific examination / P. B. Coremans
Electronic identification, monitoring, and tracking of animals
Adopting biometric technology : challenges and solutions
Feature-based affine-invariant detection and localization of faces
"The goal of this book is to teach the reader to measure and model linear dynamic systems (in the presence of nonlinear distortions) from a practical point of view"--
Biochemical tests for identification of medical bacteria
Proceedings on the International Symposium on Molecular Markers for Characterizing Genotypes and Identifying Cultivars in Horticulture : Montpellier, France 6-8 March 2000
Titulus : identifying medieval Latin texts : an evidence-based approach
Handbook of Biometrics
The Nazi census : identification and control in the Third Reich
The position and identification of the non-status Sámi in the marginal of indigeneity
Practical identification of wood pulp fibers / Russell A. Parham, Richard L. Gray
Floristical and ecological properties for identifying of primeval forests in Estonia
Advances in forensic human identification
Unique biometric IDs : governmentality and appropriation in digital India
Molecular-based assays for the determination of diversity and identification of Fusarium and Gliocladium fungi
A feeder device for agricultural industry
Variations on a theme : the classification of benthic macroinvertebrates
Computer security
CRC handbook of tables for organic compound identification
Technology roadmap of security research
Use of user information with next generation firewall product
The silica bodies of tropical American grasses : morphology, taxonomy, and implications for grass systematics and fossil phytolith indentification
RFID Linux authentication
Playing favorites : gifted education and the disruption of community
The Haynes automotive reference manual
Linguistic identity matching
Architectural photoreproductions : a manual for identification and care / Eléonore Kissel & Erin Vigneau
The screening of parasites and viral pathogens of small mammals from a farm in southern Finland, and genetic identification of the Finnish house mouse, Mus musculus
Investigating microbiology : a laboratory manual for general microbiology
Identification and ecology of limnetic plankton ciliates
Paintings : genuine, fraud, fake : modern methods of examining paintings / R. H. Marijnissen
Forensics : crime scene investigations from murder to global terrorism
The limits of abstraction
Applied system identification
Seed plants of southern Africa : families and genera
The oriental carpet identifier
What wood is that? : a manual of wood identification
Computer-assisted dental identification of disaster victims and unknown corpses
Identification and origin of potential background carcinogens : endogenous isoprene and oxiranes, dietary acrylamide
Identification of eggs and larvae of marine fish from Limfjord, Denmark, by means of Polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis
Rembrandt not Rembrandt in the Metropolitan Museum of Art : aspects of connoisseurship : [exhibition from October 10, 1995 toJanuary 7, 1997] / Hubert von Sonnenburg, Walter Liedtke
ME - Mobile Electronic Personality
Who are you? : identification, deception, and surveillance in early modern Europe
The identification of the Northern European woods : a guide for archaeologists and conservators
Detecting forgery : forensic investigation of documents
Word recognition in beginning literacy
Introduction to microscopic wood identification
Welcome to the biometric age : identification systems based on unique characteristics promise to make access control and information networks safer and more user-friendly
Collins how to identify trees
The comparative osteology of European corvids (Aves: Corvidae), with a key to the identification of their skeletal elements
Relative identity
Many voices, one vision : the early years of the World Heritage Convention
Laboratory techniques in biochemistry and molecular biology. Vol. 1, Part 3, Immunochemical techniques for the identification and estimation of macromolecules
RFID handbook : applications, technology, security, and privacy
Field techniques for sexing and aging game animals
DNA-based detection and characterisation of strictly anaerobic beer-spoilage bacteria
Input designs for identification of ill-conditioned multivariable systems
Nonviolent communication : a language of compassion
Abstract: RFID Linux authentication.
System signatures and their applications in engineering reliability
British bat calls : a guide to species identification
Why fakes matter : essays on problems of authenticity / edited by Mark Jones
The visual index of artists' signatures and monograms
This thesis details the parts, sections, reasons, and products used in  the  InterestID project prototype that was created for conferences. The product used many types of technologies and open source tools to  make social networking at a conference simple and easy to use even for  novice computer users. Additionally, InterestID uses physical products to represent one's digital self at the conference. This provides an ability to use computer  technology in a more ubiquitous way. This thesis documents that process. Lastly, all details of how the model, view, controller are given for examination and review, and the databases are also detailed to show how connections are made and what security measures were taken.
Group membership and eyewitness testimony
The InterestID project
The most widely distributed form of work for cattle since the beginning of their domestication has been as draught animals for the palough and cart. This is known from archaeological, iconographic and written sources which, however, are limited in number and generally only inform us about younger periods. Skeletal remains found during archaeological excavations may yield additional data for the study of cattle as draught animals in former times. In this volume we will review the osteological evidence previously reported in the literature and describe the morphological and osteometric traits observed in a series of foot skeletons of modern draught cattle, collected in Rumania. A case study is presented in which the results obtained from the recent material are applied to a sample of cattle bones from a Roman site in Belgium. An attempt is made to define histological criteria for the recognition of draught cattle. The osteometry of the Rumanian material and a large sample of Hungarian grey cattle is studied. Moreover, the broader culture-historical and economic implications of using cattle in draught work is reviewed.
Chemicals used for illegal purposes : a guide for first responders to identify explosives, recreational drugs and poisons
Documenting individual identity : the development of state practices in the modern world
As forensic human identification receives increased global attention, practitioners, policy makers, and students need an appropriate resource that describes current methods and modalities that have shaped today's policies and protocols. A supplemental follow-up to Forensic Human Identification: An Introduction, Advances in Forensic Human Identification covers advances in the most well-known scientific techniques and discusses new and developing subjects and modalities of human identification. A collection of contributions from worldwide experts, the book embraces a broad.
Playing and reality
Virtual visits to lost libraries : reconstruction of and access to dispersed collections : papers presented on 5 November 2010, at the CERL Seminar hosted by the Royal Library of Denmark, Copenhagen
Reptiles and amphibians
Methodology hazardous substances in waste : methodology for identifying products with hazardous substances that cause problems in waste handling
"This book enables readers to understand system identification and linear system modeling through 100 practical exercises without requiring complex theoretical knowledge. The contents encompass state-of-the-art system identification methods, with both time and frequency domain system identification methods covered, including the pros and cons of each. Each chapter features MATLAB exercises, discussions of the exercises, accompanying MATLAB downloads, and larger projects that serve as potential assignments in this learn-by-doing resource"--
Laboratory exercises in microbiology
Cryptography : theory and practice
