http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8695 phosphorus
phosphorus phosphor
Quantifying sediment resuspension and internal phosphorus loading in shallow near-shore areas in the Gulf of Finland
Depletion of soil phosphorus as assessed by several indices of phosphorus supplying power
Uuttotestien herkkyys laidunmaan potentiaalisen fosforikuormituksen arvioinnissa = The sensitivity of P-tests in predicting potential P-load from pasture soil
Phosphorus removal in a wetland constructed on former arable land
The role of bacteria in the nutrient exchange between sediment and water in a flow-through system
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Compact fluorescent lamp : fluorescent lamp, incandescent light bulp, light fixture, greenhouse gas, phosphor, light sensitivity, luminous efficacy, mercury poisoning, phase-out of incandescent light bulps
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Phosphorus retention properties of forest humus layer in buffer zones and clear-cut areas in southern Finland
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
A taste for monsters
Removal of nutrients by algae from municipal wastewater contaminated with heavy metals
Phosphorus-31, carbon-13 and hydrogen-1 nuclear spin-lattice relaxation in some alkyl methylphosphonates
Phosphorus in the environment : its chemistry and biochemistry
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
The role of Acinetobacter sp. in biological phosphorus removal from forest industry wastewaters : Yhteenveto: Acinetobacter sp. metsäteollisuuden jätevesien biologisessa fosforinpoistossa
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Effect of Bacillus subtilis on phosphorus uptake by cucumber as affected by iron oxides and the solubility of the phosphorus source
Lake eutrophication studies in southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
Microwave dephosphorisation of high phosphorus iron ores of the Aswan region, Egypt:developing a novel process for high phosphorus iron ore utilization
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Increased availability of nitrogen and phosphorus in the root zone of conifers
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Soil organic phosphorus : a review of world literature
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
Phosphorus in Indian vertisols : summary proceedings of a workshop, 23-26 Aug 1988, ICRISAT Center
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Nutrient analysis of a dry toilet compost leachate  : Case study of an allotment garden
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
Dephosphorization of stainless steel : a literature survey
Chemical characteristics and behaviour of sediment phosphorus in the northeastern Baltic Sea
Organophosphorus pesticides : organic and biological chemistry
Phosphorus removal from wastewater at groundwood paper mills
Interaction of monoanionic phosphonates and phosphinates, their sulfur analogues and dianionic bisphosphonates with dicationic calcium and magnesium ions
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
Phosphoros-31 NMR spectroscopy : a concise introduction for the synthetic organic and organometallic chemist
Functional roles of biodiversity : a global perspective
Silicon and its impacts on phosphorus in eutrophic freshwater lakes
Nitrogen and phosphorus stores in peatlands drained for forestry in Finland
Effects of long-term fertilisation on soil properties in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands
Physiological aspects of plant phosphorus in relation to its acquisition from the soil by crop plants : paper presented to The International Fertiliser Society at a conference in Cambridge, on 14th December 2006
This book starts with depiction of the phosphorus role in life creation and evolution. Then it outlines in which vital processes different phosphates participate in life of all flora and fauna, from DNA molecules till body tissues. Crucial function of phosphates was noticed long ago, but only in XIX century discovery of mineral fertilizers made it possible to sustain the needs of growing global population, thus initiating a green revolution. Though, for many decades after it, the complexity of interactions fertilizer-soil-plant roots was underrated, causing massive damages, such as soil destruction and eutrophication of waters. Still, mining of exhausting natural phosphate reserves continued worldwide. Lessons of what happened in XIX century due to scarcity of phosphates were ignored. In the meantime, production of phosphates reached its peak few years ago. Immediate implementation of phosphate recycling technologies from municipal wastes can help avoid imminent global disaster.
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Inorganic and organic phosphorus fractions in peat from drained mires in northern Finland
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
No-tillage and boardmill sludge - possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
Studies of the availability of soil phosphorus (P) and potassium (K) in organic farming systems, and of plant adaptions to low P- and K-availability
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Seminar on nutrients removal from municipal waste water : Tampere 4-6 September 1989
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters:from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Retention of phosphorus in peatland buffer zones at six forested catchments in southern Finland
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 3, Eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Agriculture and phosphorus management : the Chesapeake Bay
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Combustion properties of biomass residues rich in phosphorus
Effects of microbial phytase supplementation of a barley-soybean meal diet on the performance and bone mineralization of growing-finishing pigs
Liaohe River is one of the seven biggest rivers in China. It is facing to river road stop;  water pollution and deterioration of ecological environment etc. in a series of problems. Liaohe River watershed is one of the important bases of operations for agriculture and the most economically developed regions in Northeast of China. It is also the contradiction between eater supplies and demands the most prominent areas in Liaoning Province.  The aim of this thesis is to analyse reasons of Liaohe River water quality changes in nearly ten years. Basically from several parts to take a look what cause of pollution and how to control and improve the water quality of Liaohe River. In Shenyang section area, environment protection agency has done some works to improved Liaohe River water quality for urban living and agriculture using. From this thesis will be basically to understand the idea of improvement of Liaohe River. Liaoning government and Shenyang environment protection agency has measured base on COD, CODMn (or CODCr), BOD, Ammonia-nitrogen and TP etc. those main pollutants in Liaohe River and reported. Base on these main pollutants to analysis the water resources quality of Liaohe River.
Phosphorus nutrition of grain legumes in the semi-arid tropics
Fertilizer-induced leaching of phosphorus and potassium from peatlands drained for forestry
Phosphorus-31 NMR : principles and applications
Role of resuspension and silicate in internal phosphorus loading
Phosphorus in the feeding of pigs : effect of diet on the absorption and retention of phosphorus by growing pigs
Mobile phosphorus in lake sediments, sludge and soil : a catchment perspective
Global carbon cycle and climate change
Rapid filtration as a supplementary treatment of domestic sewage
Phosphorus and its reactions in terrestrial soils and lake sediments
Eutrophication history of a small, pelotrophic lake, Rusutjärvi, Southern Finland
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Phosphorus extractability in surface soil samples as affected by mixing with subsoil
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Phosphorus in action : biological processes in soil phosphorus cycling
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Phosphorus : an element that could have been called Lucifer
Phosphorus reserves and apparent phosphorus saturation in four weakly developed cultivated pedons
Modelling nitrogen and phosporous inputs to Lake Kivu, Central Africa
Analytical chemistry of phosphorous compounds
Estimating the amount of mobile phosphorus in Baltic coastal soft sediments of central Sweden
Organophosphorus chemistry. Vol. 30 : a review of the literature published during between July 1997 and June 1998
Extractability of slurry and fertilizer phosphorus in soil after repeated freezing
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Phosphorus-31 NMR spectral properties in compound characterization and structural analysis
Nanoparticle technology handbook
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
Phosphate barriers may mitigate dissolved P losses from critical source areas. We studied P retention of industrially produced Ca - Fe oxide as potential P barrier material. In batch tests with 1 mg l⁻¹ P solution, P retention was 85% efficient in 5 min. In a flow-through system, the granule phosphate-retention capacity was 6 - 7 mg g⁻¹, being largely unaffected by pre-leaching. Phosphate release from P-saturated granules was pH-dependant and suggested P association with Fe oxides, and as Ca-phosphate precipitates. In a sequential extraction of P-saturated granules, about 25% of retained P was released, whereas a separate anaerobic incubation resulted in negligible release of P. Immersion of unleached, P-saturated granules for 16 days in a low-P-concentration lake resulted in more than 80% Ca loss, but no loss of metals, and about 25% loss of P accumulated earlier in granules. These granules are promising for P retention and merit a field-scale study.
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
Towards efficient pollution control in the Baltic Sea : an anatomy of current failure with suggestions
Effects of microbial phytase supplementation and soaking of barley-soybean meal on availability of plant phosphorus for growing pigs
Mathematical modelling of the eutrophication in Lake Ladoga
Poisoning of automotive exhaust gas catalyst components : the role of phosphorus in the poisoning phenomena
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Biogeochemical transformations of nitrogen and phosphorus : a pelagic submodel for the Baltic Sea
Analysis of Liaoche River water quality
Investigations on phosphorus recovery from waste water by adsorption
Chemical fractionation of sediment phosphorus
Combined removal of phosphorus and nitrogen from wastewater
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Extraction methods in soil phosphorus characterisation : limitations and applications
The impact of nitrogen and phosphorus concentration and N/P ratio on cyanobacterial dominance and N2 fixation in some Estonian lakes
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Ca - Fe oxide granules as potential phosphate barrier material for critical source areas : a laboratory study of P retention and release
Optimization of struvite production from urine
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Phosphorus sorption properties in podzolic forest soils and soil solution phosphorus concentration in undisturbed and disturbed soil profiles
Environmental plant physiology
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
Phosphorus fertilizer leaching from drained ombrotrophic peatland forests : empirical studies and modelling
Nutrient pollution to the Baltic Sea in 2000
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Phosphate removal by peat from peat mining drainage water during overland flow wetland treatment
Effects of dietary phosphorus and calcium-to-phosphorus ratio on calcium and bone metabolism in healthy 20- to 43-year-old Finnish women
The role of Acinetobacter sp. in biological phosphorus removal from forest industry wastewaters
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Efficiency of microbial phytases on phosphorus utilization in growing-finishing pigs
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Organic matter and phosphorus dynamics under selected cropping systems in the South American tropics
Cereal yield and nutrient uptake as affected by tillage, nitrogen and sulphur fertilization and biological N2, fixation in semiarid Ethiopia = Kornavling og næringsopptak påvirket av jordarbeiding, nitrogen- og sovelgjødsling og biologisk N-fiksering i tørre områder i Etiopia
Sun, sand and cow dung: improving soil phosphorous status and avalaibility in Namibian smallholder agriculture
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus i runoff from arable clayey soils
Microcystis in lake sediments : its potential role in phosphorus exchange between sediment and lake water
Nitrogen and phosphorus : food production, waste and the environment
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Biogeochemical transformations of nitrogen and phosphorus in the marine environment : coupling hydrodynamic and biogeochemical processes in models for the Baltic Proper
Synchrotron-based techniques in soils and sediments
Phosphorus in the global environment : transfers, cycles and management
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Phosphorus recycling in brackish and marine environments : sediment investigations in situ in the Baltic sea and the By fjord
Diffuse load mitigation is a prevailing global challenge due to the eutrophication of water bodies. We report here long-term nutrient removal performance of two on-site sand filters (F1 and F2) in southwestern Finland, established in the 1990s. The sand filters were enhanced with a layer of phosphorus binding material Fosfilt-s, a side product of titanium dioxide production. The monitoring periods were 4.5 and 3.5years for F1 and F2, respectively. F1 only worked for some months due to blockage of the crushed stone layer. After renovation (1999), the filter worked for a year but then the Fosfilt-s layer clogged and the filter increased suspended solids (SS) and dissolved reactive phosphorus (DRP) loads by 36% and 19% on average, respectively. Total P (PTOT) load was not affected. The structure and performance of F2 were more successful due to a better water distribution system. On average, 61% ofthe inflowing suspended solids, 37% of the PTOT and 45% of the DRP were removed during the monitoring period. We conclude that these filter types have the potential to be further developed into useful tools for nutrient load reduction. Development work should be focused on the treatment of subsurface drainage waters with high concentrations of dissolved nutrients, in particular. Long term field data is needed, because laboratory tests cannot fully simulate natural circumstances.
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities:the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
Dynamics of dissolved organic matter and its bioavailability to heterotrophic bacteria in the Gulf of Finland, Northern Baltic Sea
A rainfall simulation study on the relationships between soil test P versus dissolved and potentially bioavailable particulate phosphorus forms in runoff
Comparison of CO2 and nutrient balances between conventional centralized wastewater treatment and decentralized dry sanitation alternatives
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
The fifth Baltic Sea pollution load compilation (PLC-5)
Structure and functioning of cluster roots and plant responses to phosphate deficiency
Mitigating Agricultural Phosphorus Leaching : The Effect of Timing in Grass Harvesting in Mitigating Wintertime Phosphorus Leaching
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Analysis of the elements pollution in Dahuofang reservoir and the countermeasures to the pollution
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Organic phosphorus in the environment
Loss of phosphorus by surface runoff and leaching from a heavy clay soil under barley and grass ley in Finland
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Dynamically and spatially efficient phosphorus policies in crop production
Fractionation of sediment phosphorus revisited. 1, Fractionation steps and their biochemical basis
The phosphorus index tool for assessing phosphorus transfer from agricultural areas in Norway
Hydrologic and hydraulic processes in northern treatment peatlands and the significance for phosphorus and nitrogen removal
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Seasonal variation of resuspension-mediated aerobic release of phosphorus
Algal-available phosphorus originating from agriculture and municipalities
Phosphorus requirements for sustainable agriculture in Asia and Oceania : proceedings of a symposium, 6-10 March 1989.
Nutrient cycling in terrestrial ecosystems
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
Phosphorus release and sediment geochemistry in a low-salinity water bay of the Gulf of Finland
Fractionation of sediment phosphorus revisited. 2, Changes in phosphorus fractions during sampling and storing in the presence or absence of oxygen
Fosfilt filters in an agricultural catchment : a long-term field-scale
Phosphorus : an outline of its chemistry, biochemistry and technology
In 1888 seventeen-year-old Evelyn Fallow, herself disfigured by the phosphorus in the match factory where she worked, has been hired as a maid to Joseph Merrick, the Elephant Man--but when the Jack the Ripper murders begin she and Merrick find themselves haunted by the ghosts of the slain women, and Evelyn is caught up in the mystery of Jack's identity.
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Phosphorus in agricultural soils of Finland : characterization of reserves and retention in mineral soil profiles
The aim of Master's thesis was to find out the basic elements for successful wastewater treatment. The main focus is on the efficiency of phosphorus removal from wastewater at wood containing paper mills and on the methods to boost phosphorus removal, either chemically or biologically. It was found that the key parameters in chemical precipitation of phosphorus are the effective mixing of precipitation agent in water, the pH, phosphorus concentration and the temperature of wastewater. By controlling these parameters, effective phosphorus reduction in water can be ensured. The biological phosphorus removal was found to be based on aerobic conditions, where the poly-P bacteria collect orthophosphates inside the cell to form polyphosphates. Consequently, the phosphate concentration of liquid decreases in  effluent. Many issues of biological treatment were found to be in relation with the unfavorable conditions in microbiological growth. They are seen in the ineffectiveness of nutrient utilization or in the poor sedimentation properties of the sludge. Correction of the the problems should be started by ensuring essential factors for bacterial growth such as the availability of substrate concentration (BOD), nitrogen and phosphorus nutrients, oxygen, the temperature and toxicity of wastewater. The survey made for European SC paper mills showed that wastewater treatment is based on the activated sludge recycling process in the majority of the mills. The COD reduction was seen as the most significant challenge in their current wastewater treatment.
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
No-tillage and boardmill sludge : possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
In this work, we examined the effects of Bacillus subtilis strain QST713 by assessing plant P uptake from variably P compound .The experiment performed involved three factors: (i) P source [KH2PO4 at 100 mg kg-1, and phosphate rock (PR) at 100 or 200 mg kg-1]; (ii) plant inoculation with QST713 (inoculated and non-inoculated); and (iii) Fe oxide (ferrihydrite) in the growth medium (0 or 300 mg kg-1 concentration of citrate-ascorbate-extractable Fe). Ferrihydrite decreased dry matter yield in plants by more than 50 %. Inoculation with QST713 increased plant growth, and total accumulation of P and P uptake in plants. Overall, QST713 increased P uptake by 40 %, the effect being independent of the presence of ferrihydrite and P source. The increased P uptake observed can be ascribed to increased solubilization of P and to increased root growth.. Therefore, QST713 improves P nutrition in plants grown on media with a high P adsorption capacity irrespective of the solubility of the P compound.
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
