http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8697 warehousing spaces
warehousing spaces
On-farm post-harvest management of food grains : a manual for extension workers with special reference to Africa
Potential for using indigenous plant-derived products as protectants against insect pests of stored grain on small farms in Africa
Chic simple components : storage
The house book : thousands of practical tips for cleaning, repairing and organizing your home
Pests of stored products and their control
The topic of this final thesis was about improving material flow and information flow in inventory management at the Turku plant of Felix Abba. The objective of the thesis was to find solutions regarding the topic that do not require major financial investments. Logistics has a direct effect on customer satisfaction, the perceived value of products, operational costs, profit and just about every other measure of performance. Therefore, with the points brought up in this study, the company may be able to create a sustainable competitive advantage.  First, the company is introduced. It is followed by a literary research that covers important theoretical issues for the study. In the theoretical part the financial importance of logistics is emphasised. Furthermore, it includes information on warehousing and production controllability. The actual work carried out at the plant is presented after that. The first task was to find out what the current operations model is and what its black spots are. Many people who were involved at different processes were interviewed. The management of the plant had an active role in bringing up new subjects to look at. Several illustrative drawings were made regarding these subjects, which can be found in the Appendices. Based on the work an analysis was made in which black spots coming up in the final thesis are dealt in more detail. The analysis is followed by proposals for improvements.  As a result, a new operations model for the herring plant was introduced. At the vegetable plant, the capacity of the warehouse was increased by installing new pallet racks. Ultimately proposals for inter-warehouse transfers were suggested. Despite added capacity at the vegetable plant, the improvements have been planned to be executed during the upcoming summer.
Big shed
Electronic environmental monitoring in museums
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
There is clear evidence that higher quality produce fetches higher prices and simple post-harvest management practices can improve the quality of produce and increase farm income. In this regard, farmers can benefit greatly from advice and training in post-harvest management to maintain quality and add value to produce. This manual provides guidance on post-harvest management of food grains at the farm. It aims to guide extension workers on how to advise farmers in maintaining and adding value to the quality of their stored produce--Publisher's description.
Facilities planning and design
Advances in stored product protection : proceedings of the 8th International Working Conference on Stored Product Protection, 22-26 July 2002, York, UK
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
Complete Home Storage
Potatoes postharvest
The care and handling of art objects : practices in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
Facilities planning
Terence Conran's New House Book : the complete guide to home design
Postharvest technology of horticultural crops
Sheds : [step-by-step construction methods]
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
Warehouse management : a complete guide to improving efficiency and minimizing costs in the modern warehouse
A history of building types
Seedling quality in Picea abies is affected by growing conditions and routines in forest nurseries = Plantekvalitet i Picea abies påvirkes av dyrkingsklima og rutiner i skogplanteskolene
Pest management in stored groundnuts
New European furniture design. 1
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
Construction and operation of small solid-wall bins
Containers and vehicles push transit exports to a record high
Intralogistics : a guide to warehouse planning
Storage : recipes and ideas
Building backyard structures : sheds, barns, bins, gazebos & other outdoor construction
Improving material flow and information flow in inventory management : Felix Abba Oy Ab
Museum collections in industrial buildings : a selection and adaption guide
