http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8692 digitalisation
digitalisation
The future of Bulgarian public service television in the digital era
The digital transformation playbook : rethink your business for the digital age
The cultural industries
Digitalization, immigration and the welfare state
So that the value chain would go clic
The analytics journey : from data to information to knowledge-based management
Attracting and retaining customers in the internet
The Gutenberg Elegies : The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
Private copying
Studying e-books and reading experiences in ethnology
Coordination for shared knowledge creation in the development and management of inter-organizational business processes
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
The role of big data in Finnish companies and the implications of big data on management accounting
Out-thinking organizational communications : the impact of digital transformation
Postmodernism and the digital era
The new digital natives
Will digitalisation transform the financial sector too?
The idea of order : transforming research collections for 21st century scholarship
The digital challenge for libraries : understanding the culture and technology of total information
Meeting the globalisation challenge : smart and innovative SMEs in a globally competitive environment
Labour markets are experiencing strong changes worldwide. The ongoing trends have an  effect on recruitment and the ability of organisations to attract the best experts. The  purpose of this thesis was to create a recruitment model for the commissioning company,  later referred to as Company Ltd. The effect of the trends was taken into account in the  recruitment model. The goal of this thesis was to enable Company Ltd to find both  motivated and committed employees with the help of the created recruitment model. A  constructive approach was applied in this thesis. The research methods included  benchmarking, surveying, and interviewing. Information was also obtained from recent  articles.  This thesis and assignment revealed the importance of Generation Y, which is about to  enter the labour market. The ability of organisations to communicate with each generation  in the labour market was also made clear. As the domestic and global demographics are  changing significantly, organisations are beginning to face shortage of skilled applicants.  Mismatches in skills and over-qualification gaps are expected all over Europe in the  future. Organisations must see job seekers as their customers. Planning the recruitment  process to serve the applicants improves employer brand and attractiveness as an  employer. This results in increased productivity when experts choose to apply to a  specific organisation.  As the outcome of this assignment, the recruitment model was created for Company Ltd.  The recruitment model has been presented in Chapter 5. Additional documentation  supporting the recruitment model was compiled and updated during this assignment. The  documentation was excluded from the thesis. It was discovered that Company Ltd should  focus on reaching the chosen target group of job seekers and to put emphasis on candidate  experience. Motivation and commitment as a result of the recruitment model were  challenging to validate. Due to changes in the operating environment, Company Ltd's  recruitment-related plans were not taken place in 2016 and this assignment. The results  of the survey carried out among the current personnel of Company Ltd explained what  motivates and commits employees to an organisation. These results comply with the  trends described in this thesis. The steps recommended to be taken by Company Ltd in  the future include actions that strengthen the organisation's employer brand, and  emphasizing candidate experience.
Foreword / Emlyn Koster. -- Introduction / Wayne LaBar. -- From headphones to microphones : mobile social media in the museum as distributed network / Nancy Proctor. -- Museum education and mobile for museums : conceptual considerations between old issues and new challenges / Theo Hug. -- iPhone and its use in museums / Bjarki Valtysson, Nanna Holdgaard & Rich Ling. -- Web empowerment for cultural heritage organizations : towards a theoretical framework / Monica Murrio. -- Panoscope 360 : an ethnography of the appropriation of an interactive and immersive technology / Letizia Daronia, André H. Caron. -- Click history : wherever, whenever / Kathleen Hulser, Steve Bull. -- Portable and playful : locative media, art and games in the mobile space / Martha Ladly. -- Ego-trap : the design and implementation of a digital narrative / Anne Kahr-Højland. -- Mobile devices for promoting museum learning / Timothy D. Zimmerman. -- Placing our bets : building a national museum's media strategy from scratch / Corey Timpson. -- Virtual worlds as technologies for lifelong learning and the implications for museums / Joe Sanchez. -- Mobile phones for informal science center learning : a socio-technical analysis / James E. Katz, Kate Haley Goldman & Susan Foutz. -- Gyroscopic museum / Wayne Labar. -- Conclusion / James E. Katz, Lora Appel & Ellen Lynch.
VoiceNotes : exploring practices through prototypes
Digital materialities : design and anthropology
Algorithmic trading technology and strategy research on financial markets
Digital interactive TV and the Digital Broadcast Item Model (DBIM)
The digital economy is at a tipping point. This practical book defines digital ecosystems, discusses digital design using converging technologies of social networking, mobility, big data and cloud computing, and provides a methods for linking digital technologies together to meet the challenges of building a digital enterprise in the new economy.
The international handbooks of museum studies
The ecology of attention
The twenty-first-century media industry : economic and managerial implications in the age of new media
Enterprise content and search management for building digital platforms
Interactive experience in the digital age : evaluating new art practice
"The Twenty-First-Century Media Industry is well worth reading not only for its broad scope but also for the timeliness of the chapters. Readers will come away with a clear conceptual map of the changing media landscape as well as a detailed understanding of the challenges of the years ahead in forging a new business model, or set of business models, for media operating in the digital age."---John V. Pavlik, Rutgers University" "The Twenty-First-Century Media Industry provides an intriguing examination into the role that new media technologies are having on the traditional media industry from a media management perspective. Consumers' behaviors and expectations are being shaped by new media technologies. They now expect information on demand and on the go as well as at their fingertips via the Internet. In order to stay relevant and competitive, traditional media managers and practitioners are developing new business models and new business philosophies. The volume contributors explore the business strategies being implemented by some media industries, such as newspapers, mobile phones, cinema, broadcasting, and the recording industry, which are struggling not only to remain competitive and profitable but simply to survive. The Twenty-First-Century Media Industry will be a valuable resource for those scholars interested in the emerging role of new media technologies and the new media industry as it evolves in the twenty-first century"--BOOK JACKET.
This sharp, innovative book champions the rising significance of ethnographic research on the use of digital resources around the world. It contextualises digital and pre-digital ethnographic research and demonstrates how the methodological, practical and theoretical dimensions are increasingly intertwined. Digital ethnography is central to our understanding of the social world; it can shape methodology and methods, and provides the technological tools needed to research society. The authoritative team of authors clearly set out how to research localities, objects and events as well as providing insights into exploring individuals' or communities' lived experiences, practices and relationships. The book: defines a series of central concepts in this new branch of social and cultural research; challenges existing conceptual and analytical categories; showcases new and innovative methods; theorises the digital world in new ways; and, encourages us to rethink pre-digital practices, media and environments. This book is the ideal introduction for anyone intending to conduct ethnographic research in today's digital society.
Sign here! : handwriting in the age of new media
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Ambassadors of the book : competences and training for heritage librarians
Postdigital artisans : craftmanship with a new aesthetic in fashion, art, design and architecture
Exposure : from friction to freedom
The Cambridge companion to textual scholarship
Social work in digital transfer : blending services for the next generation
The internet is not the answer
The digital scholar : how technology is changing scholarly practice
My health upgraded : revolutionary technologies to bring a healthier future
Business relationship digitalization : a case study from the steel processing industry
Blockchains as a path to a network of systems : an emerging new trend of the digital platforms in industry and society
The use of digital analytics for measuring and optimizing digital marketing performance
Digitisation : standards landscape for European museums, archives, libraries
Digital to the core : remastering leadership for your industry, your enterprise, and yourself
Extending the business network approach : new territories, new technologies, new terms
Industry 4.0 : the industrial internet of things
Service economy revolution and digitalisation : Finland's growth potential
Management Challenges in the 21st Century : Digitalization of Society, Economy and Market : Current Issues and Challenges
Trust and communication in a digitized world : models and concepts of trust research
As businesses continue to embrace digital tools and technologies to enhance customer engagement and develop digital channels, executives and leaders must understand the drivers of market success, the opportunities for change, and how enhanced leadership capabilities can help drive digital strategies. Digital Leadership explains what makes a digital operation successful and explores how to align organizational structure with wider goals and implement a customer-centric culture that supports multi-channel success. Covering the key digital trends affecting business today, it provides a practical leadership solution to the challenges that executives and leaders currently face in reaching customers through new channels.Including strategies and input from 300 senior executives from major companies, Digital Leadership gives readers the power to drive forward digital strategies and realize the lucrative opportunities for change.
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
Traditional financial participants are facing new competition in the wake of digitalisation. On one hand, major technology giants have begun to provide services designed primarily for payments but partly also for lending, while on the other hand fast-growing fintech startups are out to peck the most delicious titbits off banks' plates, spurred by feather-light cost structures and new ways of thinking..
Branded interactions : creating the digital experience
As digitalisation is expanding, the markets are being forced to change due to digital disruption. More and more business is conducted through digital channels forcing businesses to change the way they work and do business. Digitalisation creates opportunities to enter into new fields of business and to find new ways to create income. The present master's thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Online Services. Wärtsilä produces life cycle solutions for both energy and marine markets. Wärtsilä Services generates the largest share of the net sales and, in addition, is responsible for a big part of the growth expectations. Online Services is part of Wärtsilä Services digitalisation activities that are becoming more and more important in many different aspects. Services launched a new Online Services concept during the autumn of 2014 to support the growth, however, the possibilities Online Services provide for Wärtsilä in terms of data, are not yet exploited to the extent they could be. The objective of this study was to find ways to increase Wärtsilä Services sales leads and opportunities by utilising data acquired from Wärtsilä Online Services and thus create growth. In order to achieve the targets, a sales innovation workshop was organised to collect the primary data for the research. This qualitative study will mainly follow the principles of case study research, with some adaption of action research. The theoretical framework is based on digitalisation, with main focus on the affect it has on business models. As changing business model is an extensive process, the study presents business process reengineering as another alternative that can support the adaptation of digitalisation.The case study was formulated by applying the business model of Osterwalder and Pigneur (2010). First, an AS-IS analysis of Wärtsilä Online Services was done and then the results of the sales innovation workshop were analysed and, finally, a TO-BE model was formed. The final number of ideas received through the sales innovation workshop and as a pre-task for the workshop was 120. One of the ideas was tested in practice and resulted in leads. Considering the overall aim for the study, it can be concluded that the study reached its targets.
As patterns of media use become more integrated with mobile technologies and multiple screens, a new mode of viewer engagement has emerged in the form of connected viewing, which allows for an array of new relationships between audiences and media texts in the digital space. This exciting new collection brings together twelve original essays that critically engage with the socially-networked, multi-platform, and cloud-based world of today, examining the connected viewing phenomenon across television, film, video games, and social media. The result is a wide-ranging analysis of shifting business models, policy matters, technological infrastructure, new forms of user engagement, and other key trends affecting screen media in the digital era. Connected Viewing contextualizes the dramatic transformations taking place across both media industries and national contexts, and offers students and scholars alike a diverse set of methods and perspectives for studying this critical moment in media culture.
Access-right : the future of digital copyright law
IT leadership in transition : the impact of digitalization on Finnish organizations
i-Minds : how cell phones, computers, gaming, and social media are changing our brains, our behavior, and the evolution of our species
Contributing pioneering new research, this innovative book proposes new ways and directions in which to extend the influential business networks perspective approach to doing business. While previous research has focused upon relationships with customers and suppliers, the authors argue that there is a need to expand the outlook to include other stakeholders. Taking a stand in a broad management perspective, chapters relate contemporary issues within industrial and international marketing, product innovation, and information systems. Challenging existing views and proposing elaborate alternatives; this volume examines a range of examples that have inspired researchers to extend the business network. To provide further understanding, Extending the Business Network Approach relates current and new research to territories, technologies and terms to reveal novel insights, and to encourage further directions for research.
This book explores models and concepts of trust in a digitalized world. Trust is a core concept that comes into play in multiple social and economic relations of our modern life. The book provides insights into the current state of research while presenting the viewpoints of a variety of disciplines such as communication studies, information systems, educational and organizational psychology, sports psychology and economics. Focusing on an investigation of how the Internet is changing the relationship between trust and communication, and the impact this change has on trust research, this volume facilitates a greater understanding of these topics, thus enabling their employment in social relations.
Lawyers in the media society : the legal challenges of the media society
Museum Theory showcases innovative theoretical formations that have defined museum studies and which point the way towards its future. Museum Practice addresses areas of museum work––especially those that have been neglected in the existing critical literature––in order to re–articulate and transcend the theory practice division. Museum Media focuses on the architecture and space of museums, including the diverse media of display. Museum Transformations addresses the social, cultural, political, and economic developments that are shaping and re–shaping museums.
Creativity and technology : social media, mobiles and museums
Information retrieval for music and motion
Mastering digital business : how powerful combinations of disruptive technologies are enabling the next wave of digital transformation
In the contemporary city, the physical infrastructure and sensorial experiences of two millennia are now interwoven within an invisible digital matrix. This matrix alters human perceptions of the city, informs our behavior, and increasingly influences the urban designs we ultimately inhabit. "Digital futures and the city of today "cuts through these issues to analyze the work of architects, designers, media specialists, and a growing number of community activists, laying out a multifaceted view of the complex integrated phenomenon of the contemporary city. Split into three relevant sections, the book interrogates the concept of the smart city, examines innovative digital projects from around the world, documents experimental visions for the future, and describes projects that engage local communities in the design process.
Citizen's right to the digital city : urban interfaces, activism, and placemaking
Radical business model transformation : gaining the competitive edge in a disruptive world
eEngineering 2009-2012 : digitising the product process
Co-creation - collaboration : create value through digital collaboration and jump the mobile Internet curve
Implications of digitalization for a diversified media company : a case study of Sanoma and its future strategies
Digital innovation : orchestrating network activities
Entertainment theology : new-edge spirituality in a digital democracy
Contemporary art and its commercial markets : a report on current conditions and future scenarios
Changes and challenges of the digitalization / industry 4.0 for future business models in facility management
Consumer behavior in digital era : general aspects and findings of empirical studies on digital music with a retrospective discussion
Building digital ecosystem architectures : a guide to enterprise architecting digital technologies in the digital enterprise
Development of building data digitalization process
Service automation framework : for the design and delivery of automated services
Digital ethnography : principles and practice
Emotions, technology, and behaviors
Remembering and reminding : exploring practices
Data-ism : inside the big data revolution
To innovate, companies must combine multiple and disparate areas of knowledge outside of their core businesses, and they must do it faster and faster. Accessing knowledge and talent has never been so easy and so difficult at the same time. It is easy, because new tools facilitate the task. It is difficult, because it requires finding the needle in the haystack. The problem is that the haystack is growing and the needle must be found more and more quickly. In this book, the authors provide an up-to-date overview of recent, disruptive trends that induce changes in the way large companies deal with innovation. Special attention is given to the impact of the digital wave.
Digital technology now mediates much of our interaction with the world, and a vast majority of the images that we absorb daily come through a screen. The digital comes with its own aesthetic framework that cannot help but colour our experience of the world, and change our expectations of the objects that surround us. As the digital becomes ever more pervasive however, there is also a return to physical experiences that technology cannot satisfy. This is true across sectors, from immersive theatre to vinyl records, and although digital will undoubtedly dominate our future, there are pockets of resistance. This book will look at contemporary artisans who are deeply influenced by the digital world in which we live, but who reject processes such as 3D printing as a final output. Inspired by the internet and a screen-based aesthetic, they choose to craft things by hand, rendering a postdigital mindset in tactile materials, such as metal, glass and wood. It represents a return to the physical in the digital age.
The Internet is not the answer
Unique biometric IDs : governmentality and appropriation in digital India
On the road to digital paradise : the naked approach
Insights into the dynamics of business models in the media industry
Crowdfunding in the banking industry : adjusting to a digital era
Connected viewing : selling, streaming & sharing media in the digital era
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
Effective rights exporting process : towards system interoperability of digital rights management
The digital revolution : how connected digital innovations are transforming your industry, company, and career
Cyberculture and new media
Strategizing digitalization in a Finnish higher education institution : towards a thorough strategic transformation
Innovative methods in media and communication research
Traditions meet modernity : the changes of copyright in digital environment
"Digital disruption continues to cause great confusion for companies of all sizes. For every Kodak-like implosion there's an Uber-like winner-takes-all success. The pace, direction, and impact of digital change has become more sudden, severe, and harder to predict. Think of the car industry and the advent of the self-driving vehicle. Or how the digital cigarette has transformed an industry that may no longer call itself tobacco. These types of disruptions change the game for industries from healthcare to sports equipment. There's no cookie-cutter strategy to get companies through the multi-dimensional nature of the digital beast. Even the sharpest leaders can become disoriented as change builds on change, leaving almost nothing certain. To stand still is to fail. Enterprises and leaders must re-master themselves to succeed. Leaders must identify the key macro forces, then lead their organizations at three distinct levels: industry, enterprise, and self. By doing this they cannot only survive but clean up. Digital to the Core makes the case that all leaders, and particularly CEOs at the helm, must understand the impact the digital revolution will continue to play in their industries, companies, and leadership style and practices. Drawing on interviews from 40 top C-level executives in some of the world's most powerful companies and government organizations, including GE, Ford, Tory Burch, Babolat, McDonalds, and the US Department of Energy, this book delivers cutting-edge insights from those on the front lines. The authors incorporate Gartner's annual research from top CIOs and CEOs and also apply the deep knowledge and qualitative insights they have acquired as practitioners, management researchers, and advisors over decades in the business. Above all else, Raskino and Waller want companies and their top leaders to understand the full impact of digital technology and integrate it at the core of their businesses. "--
Recruitement model for Company Ltd and the impact of recruitment trends
Creating growth through digitalisation : case Wärtsilä Online Services
Adult learning in the digital age :  information technology and the learning society
Digital futures and the city of today : new technologies and physical spaces
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
Connected by design : 7 principles for business transformation through functional integration
Media in the digital age
Software systems for distributed computing
Innovation intelligence : commoditization, digitalization, acceleration, major pressure on innovation drivers
This strategic guide for business and IT executives focuses on how today's most disruptive technologies can be applied in powerful combinations along with platform business models, mastery of digital services, and leading practices in corporate innovation, to help you develop and execute your digital strategies for competitive advantage.
Perspectives on new work : exploring emerging conceptualizations
The secret war between downloading and uploading : tales of the computer as culture machine
Provides modern enterprises with the tools to create a robust digital platform utilizing proven best practices, practical models, and time-tested techniques Contemporary business organizations can either embrace the digital revolution or be left behind.
Leading companies including BMW, Twitter, Deloitte and Bloomberg share their insider stories of how embracing digital culture has improved their business practices, leading to increased adaptability and productivity.
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
Man (dis)connected : how the digital age is changing young men forever
Leading digital strategy : driving business growth through effective e-commerce
