http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p87 sports halls
sports halls
The economics and politics of sports facilities
New architecture. 3, Sport facilities : Instalaciones deportivas
Gymnastics safety manual : The official manual of the United States gymnastics safety association
Sports facilities and technologies
Sports & leisure : architecture in Finland
Death spiral
Big shed
Security management for sports and special events : an interagency approach to creating safe facilities
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the Ikuri sports hall
Sport facilities made with wood
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
The organization and administration of playgrounds and recreation
Architecture for sport : new concepts and international projects for sport and leisure
Though spectator and player security has always been a priority for sport and facility managers at all levels, large-scale threats such as terrorism or natural disasters have become even more critical management concerns. Proactive sport and facility managers understand the role they must take in working with local law enforcement, contracted security personnel, and their own employees to adequately plan for and respond to threats both manmade and natural. Security Management for Sports and Special Events An Interagency Approach to Creating Safe Facilities presents a systematic approach to stadium and venue security. Unlike traditional risk management books that present guidelines to promote safety and discourage litigation in sport and recreation settings, Security Management for Sports and Special Events deals specifically with natural disasters, terrorism, crowd control problems, and other large scale threats. As sport and facility managers seek to broaden their building management capabilities, this text offers detailed guidance in improving the quality, coordination, and responsiveness of security protocols within their facilities. With this text, sport and facility managers examine the concerns and challenges to security and emergency planning for both sport and non sport events held at their facilities. Security Management for Sports and Special Events offers an organized explanation of event security to support the planning, implementation, and communication of security and emergency plans to staff and game day hires as well as the assessment of emergency preparation. Drawing on numerous examples from both in and out of sport, readers will consider the challenges, solutions, best practices, and prescriptions for coordinating the efforts of staff, law enforcement, and security personnel. Readers will find an array of tools that assist in understanding and implementing the material presented:Case studies at the end of each chapter and Lessons Learned sections that summarize and apply the information to a real-world scenario Chapter goals and application questions that provide a clear map for the chapter and promote critical thinking of the issues Sidebars throughout the text that provide examples of important current issues in sport and event security management Reproducible checklists, forms, and additional resources that help in designing and implementing plans More than 20 appendix items, including key guidelines, checklists, and needs assessments Emphasizing interagency development and a team approach to sport event security management, Security Management for Sports and Special Events allows sport and facility managers to lessen risk, control insurance costs, and uphold the integrity of their facilities through security management procedures. The text is developed according to the requirements of the Department of Homeland Security s National Incident Management System (NIMS) and serves as the manual for managers seeking to achieve the SESA Seal of Approval offered by the University of Southern Mississippi s National Center for Spectator Sports Safety and Security (NCS4). Developed by the authors and the only dedicated research facility for sport security management,NCS4 is on the cutting edge of researching and assessing game-day operations for security and crisis management. Security Management for Sports and Special Events is a practical resource for identifying and managing potential threats to fans and players safety. With proper protocols in place and a coordinated response, sport and facility professionals can ensure the safety of participants and spectators from terrorism, natural disasters, and other potential encounters.
The aim of this thesis was to study the effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the new sports hall. The sports club commissioned this thesis after identifying a problem in the new sports hall, as the gymnasts reported that background noise due to poor acoustics was disturbing their concentration and speech intelligibility. The sound reverberation time was measured to find out the acoustic response. The reverberation time was measured in three large open gymnastic areas that are separated from each other by walls. The results of the measurements show that reverberation times in two out of the three gymnastic areas exceed the recommended limits on voice frequencies. Only one gymnastics area had values inside the limits. Based on the results, the conclusion can be drawn that long reverberation is increasing the background noise. As an improvement, installation of acoustic panels or intermediate curtains is proposed in order to reduce the reverberation in the gymnastic areas. Acoustic panels should be attached to the sound-reflective walls in such a way that at least two adjacent perpendicular walls are paneled. Each of the gymnastic areas should be paneled in this way. Roof paneling is optional since the soft training platforms on the floor are sufficient to decrease the vertical reverberation.
