http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8706 string theory
string theory
String theory for dummies
Fashion, faith and fantasy in the new physics of the universe
Can we travel through time? : the 20 big questions of physics
Supersymmetry, supergravity and the AdS/CFT correspondence
Along with Caltech physicist Mlodinow (The Drunkard's Walk), University of Cambridge cosmologist Hawking (A Brief History of Time)deftly mixes cutting-edge physics to answer three key questions--Why is there something rather than nothing? Why do we exist? Why this particular set of laws and not some other?--and explains that scientists are approaching what is called "M-theory," a collection of overlapping theories (including string theory) that fill in many (but not all) the blank spots in quantum physics; this collection is known as the "Grand Unified Field Theories."
Stringed along or caught in a loop? : philosophical reflections on modern quantum gravity research
The elegant universe : superstrings, hidden dimensions, and the quest for the ultimate theory
Gauge / gravity dualities
Hyperspace : a scientific odyssey through parallel universes, time warps, and the tenth dimension
The trouble with physics : the rise of string theory, the fall of a science, and what comes next
String divers
The trouble with physics : the rise of string theory, the fall of a science and what comes next
Gauge theory phase diagrams from holography
Chiral gauge theories from intersecting branes
The cosmic landscape : string theory and the illusion of intelligent design
The grand design
Enumerative geometry and string theory
What can fashionable ideas, blind faith, or pure fantasy possibly have to do with the scientific quest to understand the universe? Surely, theoretical physicists are immune to mere trends, dogmatic beliefs, or flights of fancy? In fact, acclaimed physicist and best-selling author Roger Penrose argues that researchers working at the extreme frontiers of physics are just as susceptible to these forces as anyone else. In this provocative book, he argues that fashion, faith, and fantasy, while sometimes productive and even essential in physics, my be leading today's researchers astray in three of the field's most important areas--string theory, quantum mechanics, and cosmology.... The result is an important critique of some of the most significant developments in physics today from one of its most eminent figures.
The little book of string theory
The universe : leading scientists explore the origin, mysteries, and future of the cosmos
Aspects of quantum fields and strings on AdS black holes
A first course in string theory
Stable and unstable d-branes
