http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8707 trigonometry
trigonometry
Practical trigonometry
Admiralty manual of navigation. Vol. 1.
American practical navigator : An epitome of navigation and nautical astronomy
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1919 : 1916
Engineering mathematics through applications
Introducing Pure Mathematics
Essentials of trigonometry
Mathematics for the trades : a guided approach
Essentials of mathematics : pre-calculus 3
A manual of modern navigation
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1912. Part 1, containing such portions as are essential for navigation
Mathematics for engineers : a modern interactive approach
Schaum's outline of college mathematics : algebra, discrete mathematics, precalculus, calculus / Frank Ayres Jr, Philip A. Schmidt
Precalculus : based on Schaum's Outline of precalculus by Fred Safier
Analytic trigonometry with applications
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of precalculus
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1928
Schaum's outlines : calculus
Trigonometry demystified
A complete epitome of practical navigation, and nautical astonomy, containing all necessary instructions for keeping a ship's reckoning at sea
Engineering mathematics
Foundation mathematics
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1915
Mathematics for engineers
Understanding engineering mathematics
The complete idiot's guide to calculus
Yellow-red and nonobtuse refinements of planar triangulations
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1920
Uttmark's guide to the United States Local Inspectors Examintion for Masters and Mates of Ocean going steam and sailing ships
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1913. Part 1, containing such portions as are essential for navigation
Schaum's outline of theory and problems in introductory surveying
Elements of navigation : a complete exposition of the newest methods as used in the Navy and Merchant Marine
A complete set of nautical tables with explanation of their
Fundamental maths : for engineering and science
Guide to essential math : a review for physics, chemistry and engineering students
Advanced engineering mathematics : a new edition of further engineering mathematics
Higher engineering mathematics
Newnes Mathematics Pocket Book for Engineers
Compass devation : syllabus of examination in the laws of devation ..
Calculus : the classic edition
Algebra and Trigonometry with analytic geometry
Schaum's outlines calculus
Modern trigonometry/ analysis and applications
The mathematics of the heavens and the earth : the early history of trigonometry
Student's solutions manual to accompany Swokowski's Calculus : the classic edition. Vol. 1
Mathematics in engineering and science
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1837 : with an appendix
Hidden harmonies : the lives and times of the Pythagorean theorem
A complete set of nautical tables, with explanations of their use
Pure mathematics. 1
Trigonometric problem cases well solved
Student's solutions manual to accompany Swokowski's Calculus : the classic edition. Vol. 2
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of trigonometry : with calculator-based solutions
Algebra and trigonometry : a functions approach
Functioning in the real world : a precalculus experience
The calculus problem solver
Plane trigonometry and tables
Trigonometry : a complete introduction
Basic technical mathematics with Calculus SI version
Understanding pure mathematics
Dictionary of algebra, arithmetic, and trigonometry
Plane trigonometry ; Logarithmic and trigonometric tables
A squared plus b squared equals c squared. It sounds simple, doesn't it? Yet this familiar expression is a gateway into the riotous garden of mathematics, and sends us on a journey of exploration in the company of two inspired guides, who trace the life of the Pythagorean theorem from ancient Babylon to the present, visiting along the way Leonardo da Vinci, Albert Einstein, President James Garfield, and the Freemasons--not to mention the elusive Pythagoras himself. Why does this theorem have more than two hundred proofs--or is it four thousand? And it has even more applications than proofs: Ancient Egyptians used it for surveying, and today astronomers call on it to measure the distance between stars. It works not just in two dimensions, but any number you like, up to infinity. And perhaps most intriguing of all, it opened the door to the world of irrational numbers.--From publisher description.
College geometry : a unified development
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of modern abstract algebra
Handbook of mathematical formulas and integrals
Mathematical handbook of formulas and tables
Elements of geometry and trigonometry : adapted to the course of mathematical instruction in the United States
The pleasures of pi, e and other interesting numbers
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris : 1910
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of plane and spherical trigonometry
An introduction to core mathematics required for engineering study includes multiple-choice questions and answers, worked problems, formulae, and exercises.
Basic engineering mathematics
Pure mathematics. 5
