http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8708 geometry
geometry
Poincaré duality for open sets in Euclidean spaces
Calculus with analytic geometry : student's solutions manual to accompany
The cult of Pythagoras : math and myths
Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometry : an analytic approach
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of geometry : includes plane, analytic, and transformational geometries
College geometry : a discovery approach with The Geometer's sketchpad
Geometry : our cultural heritage
Journey into geometries
Geometry
Proceedings of the Twenty-sixth Annual Symposium on Computational Geometry (SCG'10), June 13-16, 2010, Snowbird, Utah, USA
Unsolved problems in geometry
Geometric and topological methods for quantum field theory : proceedings of the 2009 Villa de Leyva summer school
"Includes complete unabridged text of all thirteen books of Euclid's Elements in T.L. Heath's translation with minor corrections to text and translation. The text has been newly laid out and most diagrams have been redrawn.
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of projective geometry
Principles of geometry. Vol. 2, Plane geometry, conics, circles, non-euclidean geometry
Geometrinen tuotemäärittely (GPS) = Geometrical Product Specifications (GPS) : pinnan ominaisuuksien ilmoittaminen teknisissä tuoteasiakirjoissa = indication of surface texture in technical product documentation
Principles of geometry. Vol. 4, Higher geometry
Mathematizing space : the objects of geometry from Antiquity to the Early Modern Age
Geometric measure theory
Spectral imaging from UAVs under varying illumination conditions
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of geometry : includes plane, analytic, transformational, and solid geometries
Analytic geometry and calculus
Computational studies of pattern formation in turing systems
Introduction to differential geometry for engineers
Euclid's Elements : all thirteen books complete in one volume : the Thomas L. Heath translation
Basic mathematics for grade : algebra and geometry: graphs of basic power and rational functions
Developing thinking in geometry
Methods of geometric analysis in extension and trace problems. Vol. 1
Tropical geometry and integrable systems : a conference on Tropical Geometry and Integrable Systems, July 3-8, 2011, School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom
Medieval mensuration : Quadrans vetus and Geometrie due sunt partes principales--
Topics in computational algebraic geometry and deformation quantization
The Child's conception of geometry
The teacher of geometrical drawing : for high schools, manua training schools, technical schools, etc
Architecture and geometry in the age of the Baroque
Geometry : a self-teaching guide
Algebraic geometry
Geometry : plane and fancy
Mathematics for the curious
Young children learn measurement and geometry : a learning-teaching trajectory with intermediate attainment targets for the lower grades in primary school
Geometry of surfaces
Numbers and geometry
Modern geometry : methods and applications. Part 2, The geometry and topology of manifolds
Illustrated mathematics : visualisation of mathematical concepts with Mathcad PLUS 6.0
Newnes Mathematics Pocket Book for Engineers
The commentary of al-Nayrizi on Books II-IV of Euclid's Elements of Geometry : with a translation of that portion of Book I missing from ms Leiden or. 399.1 but present in the newly discovered Qom manuscript edited by Rüdiger Arnzen
This book presents the classical theory of curves in the plane and three-dimensional space, and the classical theory of surfaces in three-dimensional space. It pays particular attention to the historical development of the theory and the preliminary approaches that support contemporary geometrical notions. It includes a chapter that lists a very wide scope of plane curves and their properties. The book approaches the threshold of algebraic topology, providing an integrated presentation fully accessible to undergraduate-level students. At the end of the 17th century, Newton and Leibniz developed differential calculus, thus making available the very wide range of differentiable functions, not just those constructed from polynomials. During the 18th century, Euler applied these ideas to establish what is still today the classical theory of most general curves and surfaces, largely used in engineering. Enter this fascinating world through amazing theorems and a wide supply of surprising examples. Reach the doors of algebraic topology by discovering just how an integer (the Euler-Poincare characteristics) associated with a surface gives you a lot of interesting information on the shape of the surface. And penetrate the intriguing world of Riemannian geometry, the geometry that underlies the theory of relativity. The book is of interest to all those who teach classical differential geometry up to quite an advanced level. The chapter on Riemannian geometry is of great interest to those who have to intuitively introduce students to the highly technical nature of this branch of mathematics, in particular when preparing students for courses on relativity.
The beauty of geometry : twelve essays
The geometry of discrete groups
How to solve word problems in geometry
Principles of geometry. 6, Introduction to the theory of algebraic surfaces and higher loci
Hyperbolic structures on link complements
Fractals : an interdisciplinary journal on the complex geometry of nature
"Understanding the role of sacred geometry in cosmology and human affairs"--Provided by publisher.
Curves and surfaces in geometric modeling : theory and algorithms
In a detailed and comprehensive introduction to the theory of plane algebraic curves, the authors examine this classical area of mathematics that both figured prominently in ancient Greek studies and remains a source of inspiration and a topic of research to this day. Arising from notes for a course given at the University of Bonn in Germany, “Plane Algebraic Curves” reflects the authorsʼ concern for the student audience through its emphasis on motivation, development of imagination, and understanding of basic ideas. As classical objects, curves may be viewed from many angles. This text also provides a foundation for the comprehension and exploration of modern work on singularities.
Absolute arithmetic and F1-geometry
Functioning in the real world : a precalculus experience
Hyperbolic partial differential equations and geometric optics
On effective irrationality measures for some values of certain hypergeometric functions
Fundamentals of modern elementary geometry
Geometric analysis of the Bergman kernel and metric
Lectures on discrete geometry
Elementary geometry of algebraic curves : an undergraduate introduction
Nanoscale sensor networks:the THz band as a communication channel
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
A differential approach to geometry : geometric trilogy III
The scientific work of René Descartes (1596-1650)
At the heart of this monograph is the Brunn–Minkowski theory, which can be used to great effect in studying such ideas as volume and surface area and their generalizations. In particular, the notions of mixed volume and mixed area measure arise naturally and the fundamental inequalities that are satisfied by mixed volumes are considered here in detail. The author presents a comprehensive introduction to convex bodies, including full proofs for some deeper theorems. The book provides hints and pointers to connections with other fields and an exhaustive reference list. This second edition has been considerably expanded to reflect the rapid developments of the past two decades. It includes new chapters on valuations on convex bodies, on extensions like the Lp Brunn–Minkowski theory, and on affine constructions and inequalities. There are also many supplements and updates to the original chapters, and a substantial expansion of chapter notes and references.
Elementary geometry for college students
Journal of differential geometry
Focusing methodologically on those historical aspects that are relevant to supporting intuition in axiomatic approaches to geometry, the book develops systematic and modern approaches to the three core aspects of axiomatic geometry: Euclidean, non-Euclidean and projective. Historically, axiomatic geometry marks the origin of formalized mathematical activity. It is in this discipline that most historically famous problems can be found, the solutions of which have led to various presently very active domains of research, especially in algebra. The recognition of the coherence of two-by-two contradictory axiomatic systems for geometry (like one single parallel, no parallel at all, several parallels) has led to the emergence of mathematical theories based on an arbitrary system of axioms, an essential feature of contemporary mathematics. This is a fascinating book for all those who teach or study axiomatic geometry, and who are interested in the history of geometry or who want to see a complete proof of one of the famous problems encountered, but not solved, during their studies: circle squaring, duplication of the cube, trisection of the angle, construction of regular polygons, construction of models of non-Euclidean geometries, etc. It also provides hundreds of figures that support intuition. Through 35 centuries of the history of geometry, discover the birth and follow the evolution of those innovative ideas that allowed humankind to develop so many aspects of contemporary mathematics. Understand the various levels of rigor which successively established themselves through the centuries. Be amazed, as mathematicians of the 19th century were, when observing that both an axiom and its contradiction can be chosen as a valid basis for developing a mathematical theory. Pass through the door of this incredible world of axiomatic mathematical theories!
Knots and surfaces in real algebraic and contact geometry
This book brings together papers of the conference on 'Space, Geometry and the Imagination from Antiquity to the Modern Age' held in Berlin, Germany, 27-29 August 2012. Focusing on the interconnections between the history of geometry and the philosophy of space in the pre-Modern and Early Modern Age, the essays in this volume are particularly directed toward elucidating the complex epistemological revolution that transformed the classical geometry of figures into the modern geometry of space.
"Based on lectures given at the renowed Villa de Leyva summer school, this book provides a unique presentation of modern geometric methods in quantum field theory. Written by experts, it enables readers to enter some of the most fascinating research topics in this subject. Covering a series of topics on geometry, topology, algebra, number theory methods and their applications to quantum field theory, the book covers topics such as Dirac structures, holomorphic bundles and stability, Feynman integrals, geometric aspects of quantum field theory and the standard model, spectral and Riemannian geometry and index theory. This is a valuable guide for graduate students and researchers in physics and mathematics wanting to enter this interesting research field at the borderline between mathematics and physics"--
Calculus with analytic geometry
A course in modern geometries
Extremal polynomials and Riemann surfaces
Introduction to the mathematics of subdivision surfaces
An experiment on preschool geometry
On hyperbolic type metrics
The arrows of time
Dual-energy digital radiography in the assessment of bone characteristics
Algebraic geometry. 2, Sheaves and cohomology
The geometry problem solver : plane, solid, analytic
The shapes of things : a practical guide to differential geometry and the shape derivative
The symbol at your door : number and geometry in religious architecture of the Greek and Latin Middle Ages
Notes on L(D)-convex sets
Explorations in geometry
Circular Forms in Aleksis Kivi’s Texts
Pythagorean-hodograph curves : algebra and geometry inseparable
User and platform adaptation in web-based learning environments
Algebra and Trigonometry with analytic geometry
Bucketing and filtering in computational geometry
Algebraic geometry over the complex numbers
Space, time, and motion : a philosophical introduction
Desperate measures : lenght, area ans volume
Integrable systems in the realm of algebraic geometry
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Geometry 3 : theory of surfaces
Euclid's window : the story of geometry from parallel lines to hyperspace
Introduction to higher geometry
Diagram geometry : related to classical groups and buildings
Dissection of an arbitrary polyhedron into nonobtuse tetrahedra
The parametrization of geometric form
On the role of Riemannian metrics in conformal and quasiconformal geometry
Alex's adventures in numberland
Geometric transformations
Tropical geometry and mirror symmetry
Preschool geometry : theory, research, and practical perspectives
Designing learning environments for developing understanding of geometry and space
Mathematics for the trades : a guided approach
Implication, endometry, universe of discourse = Implicazione, endometria, universo del discorso
The geometrical foundation of natural structure : a source book of design
Digital lines, Sturmian words, and continued fractions
It has been known for some time that geometries over finite fields, their automorphism groups and certain counting formulae involving these geometries have interesting guises when one lets the size of the field go to 1. On the other hand, the nonexistent field with one element, F1, presents itself as a ghost candidate for an absolute basis in Algebraic Geometry to perform the Deninger-Manin program, which aims at solving the classical Riemann Hypothesis. This book, which is the first of its kind in the F1-world, covers several areas in F1-theory and is divided into four main parts: Combinatorial Theory, Homological Algebra, Algebraic Geometry and Absolute Arithmetic. Topics treated include the combinatorial theory and geometry behind F1, categorical foundations, the blend of different scheme theories over F1 which are presently available, motives and zeta functions, the Habiro topology, Witt vectors and total positivity, moduli operads, and at the end, even some arithmetic. Each chapter is carefully written by an expert. In addition to elaborating on known results, the authors introduce brand-new results, open problems and conjectures. The diversity of the contents, together with the mystery surrounding the field with one element, should attract any mathematician, regardless of speciality.
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
This is an introduction to the mathematical theory which underlies subdivision surfaces, as it is used in computer graphics and animation. Subdivision surfaces enable a designer to specify the approximate form of a surface that defines an object and then to refine it to get a more useful or attractive version. A considerable amount of mathematical theory is needed to understand the characteristics of the resulting surfaces, and this book explains the material carefully and rigorously. The text is highly accessible, organising subdivision methods in a unique and unambiguous hierarchy which builds insight and understanding. The material is not restricted to questions related to regularity of subdivision surfaces at so-called extraordinary points, but gives a broad discussion of the various methods. It is therefore an excellent preparation for more advanced texts that delve more deeply into special questions of regularity.
How the world is made : the story of creation according to sacred geometry
Methods of geometric analysis in extension and trace problems. Vol. 2
Knowledge under construction : the importance of play in developing children's spatial and geometric thinking
First steps in geometry. Teacher's book
Autour des motifs : école d'été franco-asiatique de géométrie algébrique et de théorie des nombres = Asian-French summer school on algebraic geometry and number theory. Volume 2
Is the display of number and geometry in medieval religious architecture evidence of intended symbolism? This book offers a new perspective in the retrieval of meaning from architecture in the Greek East and the Latin West, and challenges the view that geometry was merely an outcome of practical procedures by masons. Instead, it attributes intellectual meaning to it as understood by Christian Platonist thought and provides compelling evidence that the symbolism was often intended. In so doing, the book serves as a companion volume to "The Wise Master Builder" by the same author, which found the same system implicit in plans of cathedrals and abbeys.The present book explains how the architectural symbolism proposed could have been understood at the time, as supported by medieval texts and its context, since it is context that can confer specific meaning. The introduction locates the study in its critical context and summarizes Christian Platonism as it determined the meaning of number and geometry. The investigation opens with the recurrent symbolism of the dome and the cube as heaven and earth in the Byzantine world and moves to the duality of the temple and the body in the East and West as reflections of Plato's universal macrocosm and human microcosm.The study then examines each of the figures of Platonic geometry in the architecture of the West against the background of their mathematics and metaphysics, before proceeding to their synthesis with the circle, as seen in circular and polygonal structures, the divisions of circles in Christian art, and their display in window tracery, culminating in the rose window. In view of the multivalency of the symbolism, the investigation establishes systematic occurrences of it, which strongly suggest patterns of thought underlying systems of design. The book concludes with a series of test cases, which show the after-life of the same symbolism as it overlapped with the Renaissance.
Hyperbolic structures on three-manifolds
Convex bodies : the Brunn-Minkowski theory
This book contains selected topics from the history of geometry, with modern proofs of some of the results, as well as a fully modern treatment of selected basic issues in geometry. It is geared towards the needs of future mathematics teachers. One of my goals for this book is to open up for the dynamic character of geometry as such, and to extend an invitation to geometry as a gateway to mathematics in general. It is unfortunate that today, at a time when mathematics is more important than ever, phrases like math avoidance and math anxiety are very much in the public vocabulary. Making a serious effort to heal these ills is an essential task. Thus the book also aims at an informed public, interested in making a new beginning in math For the 2nd edition, some of the historical material has been expanded and numerous illustrations have been added, as has a chapter on polyhedra and tessellations and their symmetries. A large number of exercises with some suggestions for solutions is also included.
CRC standard : curves and surfaces
Geometry in nature
An integrated introduction to computer graphics and geometric modeling
An algebraic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy II
Geometry revisited
Improving instruction in geometry and measurement
Computational geometry : an introduction
Flatland : a romance of many dimensions
This book provides a self-contained introduction to diagram geometry. Tight connections with group theory are shown. It treats thin geometries (related to Coxeter groups) and thick buildings from a diagrammatic perspective. Projective and affine geometry are main examples. Polar geometry is motivated by polarities on diagram geometries and the complete classification of those polar geometries whose projective planes are Desarguesian is given. It differs from Tits' comprehensive treatment in that it uses Veldkamp's embeddings. The book intends to be a basic reference for those who study diagram geometry. Group theorists will find examples of the use of diagram geometry. Light on matroid theory is shed from the point of view of geometry with linear diagrams. Those interested in Coxeter groups and those interested in buildings will find brief but self-contained introductions into these topics from the diagrammatic perspective. Graph theorists will find many highly regular graphs.
Discrete and computational geometry
M.C. Escher : visions of symmetry
Principles of geometry. Vol. 1, Foundations
This book presents some of the most important aspects of rigid geometry, namely its applications to the study of smooth algebraic curves, of their Jacobians, and of abelian varieties - all of them defined over a complete non-archimedean valued field. The text starts with a survey of the foundation of rigid geometry, and then focuses on a detailed treatment of the applications. In the case of curves with split rational reduction there is a complete analogue to the fascinating theory of Riemann surfaces. In the case of proper smooth group varieties the uniformization and the construction of abelian varieties are treated in detail. Rigid geometry was established by John Tate and was enriched by a formal algebraic approach launched by Michel Raynaud. It has proved as a means to illustrate the geometric ideas behind the abstract methods of formal algebraic geometry as used by Mumford and Faltings.
Episodes in nineteenth and twentieth century Euclidean geometry
Proceedings of the Thirteenth Annual Symposium on Computational Geometry, June 4-6, 1997, Centre Universitaire Méditerranéen, Nice, France
Alex through the looking-glass : how numbers reflect life and life reflects numbers
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of geometry
Introduction to classical geometries
Analytical geometry of three dimensions
An axiomatic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy I
The non-Euclidean revolution
Equivariant triangulations of differentiable and real-analytic manifolds with a properly discontinuous action
Philosophy and geometry : theoretical and historical issues
The clockwork rocket
The red book of varieties and schemes : includes the Michigan lectures (1974) on curves and their Jacobians
Alexandre Grothendieck : a mathematical portrait
Applied geometry for computer graphics and CAD
Basic technical mathematics with Calculus SI version
Analytic geometry
Geometrical designs & optical art : 70 original drawings
Hyperbolic type geometries in subdomains
The geometry of René Descartes
Techniques in fractal geometry
The real projective plan
Handbook of graph drawing and visualization
Philosophy of geometry from Riemann to Poincaré
Calculus : the classic edition
On amoebas and multidimensional residues
Elements of geometry and trigonometry : adapted to the course of mathematical instruction in the United States
Pascal geometer : discovery and invention in seventeenth-century France
Geometry 2 : spaces of constant curvature
Elementary geometry from an advanced standpoint
King of infinite space : Donald Coxeter, the man who saved geometry
Abstract.
Introduction to geometry
G-simple-homotopy type and equivariant Hilbert cubes for a finite group G
Elementary geometry
Foundations of geometry : based on betweenness and flag-movements
Calculus and analytic geometry
The art of the infinite : the pleasures of mathematics
Rigid geometry of curves and their jacobians
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
Fractals : a very short introduction
Metrics of hyperbolic type and moduli of continuity of maps
Geometry : a high school course
Geometry of design : : studies in proportion and composition
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Fundamentals of geometric dimensioning and tolerancing
An introduction to non-Euclidean geometry
Old and new unsolved problems in plane geometry and number theory
David Hilbert's lectures on the foundations of mathematics and physics, 1891-1933. Volume 1, David Hilbert's lectures on the foundations of geometry, 1891-1902
Principles of geometry. 3, Solid geometry : quadrics, cubic curves in space, cubic surfaces
Schaum's outline of principles and problems of plane geometry : with coordinate geometry
Digital geometry in image processing
Includes bibliographical references and index.
Geometry for college students
Okounkov bodies and geodesic rays in Kähler geoemtry
Geometry essentials for dummies
Interactions between compressed sensing random matrices and high dimensional geometry
Schaum's easy outlines of geometry : based on Schaum's outline of [theory and problems of] geometry
Exploring solids and boxes : 3-D geometry. Grade 3 : also appropriate for grade 4
A participatory approach to modern geometry
Schaum's outline of review of elementary mathematics
This is a unified treatment of the various algebraic approaches to geometric spaces. The study of algebraic curves in the complex projective plane is the natural link between linear geometry at an undergraduate level and algebraic geometry at a graduate level, and it is also an important topic in geometric applications, such as cryptography. 380 years ago, the work of Fermat and Descartes led us to study geometric problems using coordinates and equations. Today, this is the most popular way of handling geometrical problems. Linear algebra provides an efficient tool for studying all the first degree (lines, planes) and second degree (ellipses, hyperboloids) geometric figures, in the affine, the Euclidean, the Hermitian and the projective contexts. But recent applications of mathematics, like cryptography, need these notions not only in real or complex cases, but also in more general settings, like in spaces constructed on finite fields. And of course, why not also turn our attention to geometric figures of higher degrees? Besides all the linear aspects of geometry in their most general setting, this book also describes useful algebraic tools for studying curves of arbitrary degree and investigates results as advanced as the Bezout theorem, the Cramer paradox, topological group of a cubic, rational curves etc. Hence the book is of interest for all those who have to teach or study linear geometry: affine, Euclidean, Hermitian, projective; it is also of great interest to those who do not want to restrict themselves to the undergraduate level of geometric figures of degree one or two.
Global behavior of quasiregular mappings and mappings of finite distortion under parabolic assumptions on spaces
Nicole Oresme and the medieval geometry of qualities and motions : a treatise on the uniformity and difformity of intensities known as Tractatus de configurationibus qualitatum et motuum
Geometry demystified
Geometric transformations. 4, Circular transformations
Geometry revealed : a Jacob's ladder to modern higher geometry
From zero to infinity (and beyond) : cool maths stuff you need to know
Lessons in geometry. 1, Plane geometry
Principles of geometry. 5, Analytical principles of the theory of curves
