http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8710 imperialism
imperialism
Revisiting one of the great puzzles of European political history, Jennifer Davis examines how the Frankish king Charlemagne and his men held together the vast new empire he had created during the first decades of his reign. Davis explores how Charlemagne overcame the two main problems of ruling an empire, namely how to delegate authority and how to manage diversity. Through a meticulous reconstruction based on primary sources, she demonstrates that, rather than imposing a pre-existing model of empire onto conquered regions, Charlemagne and his men learned from them, developing a practice of empire that allowed the emperor to rule on a European scale. As a result, Charlemagne's realm was more flexible and diverse than has long been believed. Telling the story of Charlemagne's rule using sources produced during the reign itself, Davis offers a new interpretation of Charlemagne's political practice, free from the distortions of later legend.
“Empire is a state of mind” : imagining Eurasia in Russia
Living in the Ottoman realm : empire and identity, 13th to 20th centuries
The making and unmaking of empires : Britain, India and America c. 1750-1783
India and the Persian Gulf region, 1858-1907 : a study in British Imperial policy
Translation and empire : postcolonial theories explained
Imperialism in the twentieth century
Literature and imperialism
Industrial imperialism in Italy, 1908-1915
The tears of the white man : compassion as contempt
The new imperialism : a background book
The New Masters : The Activities of the United States Surrounding the 1953 Coup d'état in Iran
Reordering the world : essays on liberalism and empire
The pattern of imperialism : the United States, Great Britain, and the late-industrializing world since 1815
Marxist theories of imperialism : a critical survey
Essays in political economy : imperialism and the developing countries
Contradictory violence : revolution and subversion in the Caribbean
The dream of the Celt
Modern imperialism
This book is a remarkable reevaluation of Japan's role in the modern world. It includes a new assessment of the events leading up to the dropping of the bomb on Hiroshima, and of the potential role of Japanese philosophy in creating a dynamic approach to human nature and our understanding of reality. The book also shows the interrelatedness of various facets of Japanese history and society, including psychological orientation, pop culature, and Japan's vibrant craft tradition. Finally, it concludes with a possible prediction, that whereas the United States will not be able to escape from its neoliberal economic categories and its commitment to a self-defeating philosophy of "growth." Japan might surprise us, and turn out to be the frontrunner in the development of post-capitalist alternatives in the 21st century. Written in a personal and accessible style, the book is likely to provide a focus for debate about issues of economy, ecology, and sustainability for years to come.
Beyond the borders : American literature and post-colonial theory
Colonialism and imperialism in Mozambique : the beginning of the end
The age of imperialism : the economics of U.S. foreign policy
Britain and Germany in Africa : imperial rivalry and colonial rule
Imperialism : the story and significance of a political word, 1840-1960
Theories of imperialism
The other empire : metropolis, India, and progress in the colonial imagination
The diplomacy of imperialism 1890-1902 : with supplementary bibliographies
Facing the Pacific : Polynesia and the U.S. imperial imagination
Soviet Russian Imperialism
Historical dictionary of European imperialism
The concise untold history of the United States
The Achaemenid Persian imperial rulers have long been held to have exercised a policy of religious tolerance within their widespread provinces and among their dependencies. The fourteen articles in this volume explore aspects of the dynamic interaction between the imperial and the local levels that impacted primarily on local religious practices. Some of the articles deal with emerging forms of Judaism under Achaemenid hegemony, others with Achaemenid religion, royal ideology, and political policy toward religion. Others discuss aspects of Phoenician religion and changes to Egyptian religious practice while another addresses the presence of mixed religious practices in Phrygia, as indicated by seal imagery. Together, they indicate that tolerance was part of political expediency rather than a universal policy derived from religious conviction. Contributors: Damien Agut-Labordère, James Anderson, Mark Christian, Philip R. Davies, Diana Edelman, Anne Fitzpatrick-McKinley, Christian Frevel, Philippe Guillaume, Lowell Handy, Russel Hobson, Deniz Kaptan, Jared Krebsbach, Yannick Muller, Katharina Pyschny, Jason M. Silverman.
"What is the role of the material world in shaping the tensions and paradoxes of imperial sovereignty? Scholars have long shed light on the complex processes of conquest, extraction, and colonialism under imperial rule. But imperialism has usually been cast as an exclusively human drama, one in which the world of matter does not play an active role. Lori Khatchadourian argues instead that things - from everyday objects to monumental buildings - profoundly shape social and political life under empire. Out of the archaeology of ancient Persia and the South Caucasus, Imperial Matter advances powerful new analytical approaches to the study of imperialism writ large and should be read by scholars working on empire across the humanities and social sciences."--Provided by publisher. What is the role of the material world in shaping the tensions and paradoxes of imperial sovereignty? Scholars have long shed light on the complex processes of conquest, extraction, and colonialism under imperial rule. But imperialism has usually been cast as an exclusively human drama, one in which the world of matter does not play an active role. Lori Khatchadourian argues instead that things - from everyday objects to monumental buildings - profoundly shape social and political life under empire. Out of the archaeology of ancient Persia and the South Caucasus, Imperial Matter advances powerful new analytical approaches to the study of imperialism writ large and should be read by scholars working on empire across the humanities and social sciences.
Conquerors : how Portugal forged the first global empire
Provides a comprehensive overview of modern empires. Spanning the era of modern imperial history from the early sixteenth century to the present, this book challenges both the rather insular focuses on specific experiences, and gives due attention to imperial formations outside the West including the Russian, Japanese, Mughal, Ottoman and Chinese.
Star wars legends epic collection. The empire. Volume 1
Peasants and globalization : political economy, rural transformation and the agrarian question / edited by A. Haroon Akram-Lodhi and Cristóbal Kay
Gunboat diplomacy 1895-1905 : great power pressure in Venezuela
Civility and empire : literature and culture in British India, 1822-1922
When the future disappears : the modernist imagination in late colonial Korea
Historic engagements with occidental cultures, religions, powers
Post-empire imaginaries? : anglophone literature, history, and the demise of empires
At the heart of the Empire : Indians and the colonial encounter in late-Victorian Britain
The records of the Foreign Office 1782-1939
The new imperial histories reader
A history of imperialism
The forging of the American empire
The economics of European imperialism
The boer war 1899-1902
Religion in the Achaemenid Persian Empire : emerging Judaisms and trends
A short history of British expansion. 1, The old colonial empire
Transoceanic dialogues : coolitude in Caribbean and Indian Ocean literatures / Véronique Bragard
Crime and empire : the colony in nineteenth-century fictions of crime
Imperial Canada, 1867-1917 : a selection of papers given at the University of Edinburgh's Centre of Canadian Studies Conference - May 1995
Renaissance literature and postcolonial studies
After colonialism : imperial histories and postcolonial displacements
Discourse and the Other : the Production of the Afro-American Text
The British eighteenth century and global critique
New imperialism and beyond : why the new imperialism will fail and unseat the Bush administation
West Indian intellectuals in Britain
Colonialism : a theoretical overview
Essays on the impact of Gary S. Becker's economic imperialism
Jesus and empire : the kindom of God and the new world disorder
Imperialism and social classes
The colonial policy of British imperialism
Dollar diplomacy : a study in American imperialism
Race, empire and First World War writing
Mad dogs and Englishmen : a grand tour of the British Empire at its height : 1850-1945
Mimesis and empire : the New World, Islam, and European identities
Bitter chocolate : the dark side of the world's most seductive sweet
Wilderness into civilized shapes : reading the postcolonial environment
The lion's share : a short history of British imperialism 1850-1983
Charlemagne's practice of empire
The strategy of Soviet imperialism : expansion in Eurasia
The geometry of imperialism : the limits of Hobsonś paradigm
The economics of imperialism
Explores the historical and contemporary process of agrarian transformation in developing countries and its impact upon peasant livelihoods, examining contemporary processes of rural change through an historically-informed analytical lens
Edge of empire : conquest and collecting in the east 1750-1850
The politics of Indians' English : linguistic colonialism and the expanding English empire
Gender and imperialism
An economic history of South Africa : conquest, discrimination, and development
The corporations and the state : essays in the theory of capitalism and imperialism
The dark continent? : images of Africa in European narratives about the Congo
A short history of British expansion. 2, The modern empire and commonwealth
Contesting postcolonialisms
Imperialism in Southeast Asia : 'a fleeting, passing phase'
Imperial matter : Ancient Persia and the archaeology of empires
Shakespeare, race, and colonialism
The imperial archive : knowledge and the fantasy of empire
British Imperialism, 1750-1970
The British in Asia
"This book discusses the production and circulation of animal narratives in colonial India in order to investigate the manner in which constructs of animals played into a variety of forms of othering that took place in England during its imperial venture. Shefali Rajamannar reads imperialism through a posthumanist critique, arguing that race, class, gender, age, and species do not exist in isolation but must be read in intimate relation to one another"--Provided by publisher.
The age of empires
Russian and Soviet imperialism
Imperialism and after : continuities and discontinuities
The logic of imperialism
Turkestan and the fate of the Russian Empire
Critical perspectives on imperialism and social class in the Third World
Romantic colonization and British anti-slavery
Studies in the theory of imperialism
A shared European history? : perceptions of imperialism and islam in matriculation examination essays and history textbooks
The tools of empire : technology and European imperialism in the nineteenth century
Reading the animal in the literature of the British Raj
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
Imperialism and world politics
Sociology & empire : the imperial entanglements of a discipline
The American empire
Unseasonable youth : modernism, colonialism, and the fiction of development
Heyday : the 1850s and the dawn of the global age
Black skin, white masks
Russia's empires : their rise and fall - from prehistory to Putin
Roman imperialism : readings and sources
The ghost apple : a novel
Empire's proxy : American literature and U.S. imperialism in the Philippines
The imperial cloud
The colonial Conan Doyle : British imperialism, Irish nationalism, and the Gothic
Imperialism and revolution
Star wars legends epic collection. The new republic. Volume 1
Imperialism, the state and the Third World
Europe after empire : decolonization, society, and culture
Paradise discourse, imperialism, and globalization : exploiting Eden
Empire : the Russian empire and its rivals
The imposition of British domination on the Sokoto caliphate, Borno and neighbouring states: 1897-1914 : a reinterpretation of colonial sources
Imperialism and nationalism in the fertile crescent : sources and prospects of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Key concepts in post-colonial studies
Imperialism and world economy
Since the birth of the nation, the idea of empire has been at the heart of the United States' image of itself. Through a close reading of both the acknowledged grand strategists as well as the more non-conformist foreign policy analysts, Anderson charts the entwined historical development of America's imperial reach and its role as the general guarantor of capital. The tensions between these are traced from the closing stages of the Second World War through the Cold War to the War on Terror. Despite the defeat of the USSR, Anderson shows that the planetary structures for warfare and surveillance have not been retracted but extended. The future of the Empire remains to be settled.
Britain and the conquest of Africa : the age of Salisbury
Imperialism in East Africa. Vol. 1, Imperialism and exploitation
Imperialism past and present
Patterns of empire comprehensively examines the two most powerful empires in modern history: the United States and Britain. Challenging the popular theory that the American empire is unique, Patterns of empire shows how the policies, practices, forms, and historical dynamics of the American empire repeat those of the British, leading up to the present climate of economic decline, treacherous intervention in the Middle East, and overextended imperial confidence. A critical exercise in revisionist history and comparative social science, this book also offers a challenging theory of empire that recognizes the agency of non-Western peoples, the impact of global fields, and the limits of power.
A companion to the literatures of colonial America
The commonwealth experience
Manifesting America : the imperial construction of U.S. national space
France and Britain in Africa : imperial rivalry and colonial rule
"Historic Engagements with Occidental Cultures, Religions, Powers explores centuries of unequal power relations and imperial and civilizing rhetorics, overarching themes highlighted in these infrequently heard accounts by Eastern travelers to the West. Considered in depth are evolutions in mental frameworks and practices that led to the emergence of anticolonial consciousness and strategies of protest"--Provided by publisher.
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Nineteenth century England : a political and social history of the British Commonwealth 1815-1914
The geometry of imperialism : the limits of Hobson's paradigm
The ends of globalization
English writing and India, 1600-1920 : colonizing aesthetics
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
The river and the book
Shashi Deshpande's fiction : a study in women empowerment and postcolonial discourse
When the Empire falls, a New Republic rises! After the events of Return of the the Jedi, Emperor Palpatine is dead--but can his faithful Hand, Mara Jade, complete her final mission of revenge? Replica droid assassin Guri has also lost her master...but as she struggles for humanity, her android brain makes her a target! When rivals clash over the late Jabba the Hutt's criminal empire, the Bloated one makes a surprising appearance! And a mysterious doppelganger is asking for trouble impersonating everyone's favorite bounty hunter--it's Boba Fett vs. Boba Fett!
Empires as political entities may be a thing of the past, but as a concept, empire is alive and kicking. From heritage tourism and costume dramas to theories of the imperial idea(l): empire sells. Post-Empire Imaginaries? This book presents innovative scholarship on the lives and legacies of empires in diverse media such as literature, film, advertising, and the visual arts. Though rooted in real space and history, the post-empire and its twin, the post-imperial, emerge as ungraspable ideational constructs. The volume convincingly establishes empire as welcoming resistance and affirmation, introducing post-empire imaginaries as figurations that connect the archives and repertoires of colonial nostalgia, postcolonial critique, post-imperial dreaming.
On the justice of roosting chickens : reflections on the consequences of U.S. imperial arrogance and criminality
The second British Empire : in the crucible of the twentieth century
Enoch Powell and the making of postcolonial Britain
Immortal history : the year 1932
The new rulers of the world
War and peace and war : the life cycles of Imperial Nations
Peoples and empires : Europeans and the rest of the world, from antiquity to the present
Virgil and Joyce : nationalism and imperialism in the Aeneid and Ulysses
Imperialism and the revolution
Unfinished empire : the global expansion of Britain
Imperialism : theoretical directions
Imperialism : the idea and reality of British and French colonial expansion, 1880-1914
Star wars legends epic collection. The empire. Volume 2
Imperialism and free trade : Lancashire and India in the mid-nineteenth century
Twelve against empire : the anti-imperialists, 1898-1900
Empire building and empire builders : twelve studies
The Portuguese seaborne empire, 1415-1825
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Industrial colonialism in Latin America : the third stage
Empire islands : castaways, cannibals, and fantasies of conquest
"This volume brings together an international cast of scholars from a variety of fields to examine the racial and colonial aspects of the First World War and show how issues of race and empire shaped its literature and culture. The global nature of the First World War is fast becoming the focus of intense enquiry. This book analyses European discourses about colonial participation and recovers the war experience of different racial, ethnic and national groups, including the Chinese, Vietnamese, Indians, Maori, West Africans and Jamaicans. It also investigates testimonial and literary writings - from war diaries and nursing memoirs to Irish, New Zealand and African American literature - and analyses processes of memory and commemoration in the former colonies and dominions. Drawing upon archival, literary and visual material, the book provides a compelling account of the conflict's reverberations in Europe and its empires and reclaims the multiracial dimensions of war memory".
Imperialism and the accumulation of capital
Imperialism in the seventies
Closed entrances : Canadian culture and imperialism
American imperialism in 1898
Survey of British Commonwealth affairs : problems of external policy 1931-1939
Living in the Ottoman Realm brings the Ottoman Empire to life in all of its ethnic, religious, linguistic, and geographic diversity. The contributors explore the development and transformation of identity over the long span of the empire's existence. They offer engaging accounts of individuals, groups, and communities by drawing on a rich array of primary sources, some available in English translation for the first time. These materials are examined with new methodological approaches to gain a deeper understanding of what it meant to be Ottoman. Designed for use as a course text, each chapter includes study questions and suggestions for further reading.
The colonizer and the colonized
Cultural diplomacy and cultural imperialism : European perspective(s)
Butcher and bolt
Messy beginnings : postcoloniality and early American studies
On power and ideology : the Managua lectures
Imperialism : the permanent stage of capitalism
Muslim, trader, nomad, spy : China's Cold War and the people of the Tibetan borderlands
Women of China : imperialism and women's resistance 1900-1949
Britannia's Empire : making a British world
At home and abroad in the empire : British women write the 1930s
Economic imperialism : a book of readings
Imperialism : globalisation, the state and war
Redrawing French empire in comics
American foreign policy and its thinkers
Myths of empire : domestic politics and international ambiton
Patterns of empire : the British and American empires, 1688 to the present
The novel and the menagerie : totality, Englishness, and empire
The Ashgate research companion to modern imperial histories
Manifest destiny and mission in American history : a reinterpretation
Unequal exchange : a study of the imperialism of trade
His dream of the skyland
Cosmopolitan criticism and postcolonial literature
Empire and after : Englishness in postcolonial perspective
Imperialism and unequal development
Towards a materialistic theory of international resource politics : an essay on the theory of imperialism and resource politics in the north - south context
Neurotic beauty : an outsider looks at Japan
The use and abuse of history
The lords of human kind : European attitudes towards the outside world in the imperial age
On current affairs
The untold history of the United States
The new imperialism : crisis and contradictions in North-South relations
Revisiting Hormuz : Portuguese interactions in the Persian Gulf region in the early modern period
Christ and Caesar : the Gospel and the Roman Empire in the writings of Paul and Luke
Italian fascism's empire cinema
The rise and decline of the nation state
The idea of the modern state
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
France overseas : the great war and the climax of French imperial expansion
In the museum of man : race, anthropology, and empire in France, 1850–1950
Germans in the Cameroons, 1884-1914 : a case study in modern imperialism
