http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8713 papyrology
papyrology
The new Posidippus : a hellenistic poetry book
The book-roll and some conventions of the poetic book
Papyrus : structure and usage
The Greek and Latin literary texts from Greco-Roman Egypt
Callimachus' book of Iambi
Tens of thousands of documents dating form the late Byzantine and early Islamic periods have been found in Egypt. These texts, written on papyrus and a variety of other materials, in Greek, Coptic Egyptian, and Arabic, offer a unique, but underutilized resource for the study of a society experiencing a profound transformation, this volume collects papers given at the conference "Documentary Evidence and the History of Early Islamic Egypt", including editions of previously unpublished Greek, Coptic, and Arabic documents, historical and linguistic studies which make use of documentary evidence, a discussion of the importance of Arabic literary papyri, and an introduction to papyrology and its relevance for the study of this period of Egyptian history.
An index to Roman imperial constitutions from Greek inscriptions and papyri 27 BC to 284 AD
The Seiyâl collection. 2, Aramaic, Hebrew and Greek documentary texts from Nahal Hever and other sites : with an appendix containing alleged Qumran texts
Annotations in Greek and Latin texts from Egypt
XXIV International Congress of Papyrology, Helsinki 1-7.8.2004 : abstracts
Location-list of the Oxyrhynchus papyri and of other Greek papyri published by the Egypt Exploration Society
New fragments of the Misoumenos of Menander
Location-List of the Oxyrhynchus papyri and of other Greek papyri published by the Egypt Exploration Society
Pahoinpitely kylpylässä. Arsinoites : Naisen veroilmoitus hedelmäpuista : Papyruskäsikirjoitus, maaliskuussa 192 eKr. : Papyruskäsikirjoitus. Herakleopolis, 163 eKr. = Misshandel i badinrättningen. Arsinoites : En kvinnas skattedeklaration över fruktträd = Assault at a baths. Arsinoites : A woman declares her fruit trees to the tax authorities
The book of the dead : papyri of Ani, Hunefer, Anhaï
Greek medical papyri. Vol. 1
Chronological systems used in the Petra papyri
Introduction to the plates
Griechische Texte. 10, Greek papyri of the Byzantine period
Archaeological information from the Petra papyri
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 4, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1979
The Petra Papyri IV
A symptomatic text corruption : Plato, Gorgias 448a5
Papyrus and tablet
Cartonnage papyri in context : new Ptolemaic documents from Ab−u Ṣ−ir al-Malaq
Update on the Petra papyri
A grammar of the Greek papyri of the Roman and Byzantine periods. Vol. 1, Phonology
Studies on the Derveni papyrus
2. Agreement concerning family property
The Antinoopolis Papyri. P. 1
The Antinoopolis Papyri. Part 1
Papyrus 2000 [wall calendar]
Index
Synoptic chronological table
Family of Theodoros
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 5, Linguistic essays
Classical texts from papyri in the British Museum : including the newly discovered poems of Herodas
The illustrated Egyptian book of the dead
Essays and papers : a miscellaneous output of Greek papyri from Graeco-Roman Egypt
Segno e testo : international journal of manuscripts and text transmission
Wills in the Roman Empire : a documentary approach
Light from ancient letters
The Petra papyri : prosopography
Greek bookhands of the early Byzantine period, A. D. 300-800
Greek literary hands 350 B.C. - A.D. 400
Deir el-Naqlun : the Greek papyri : P. Naqlun I, plates
Introduction : tax receipts
A grammar of the Greek papyri of the Roman and Byzantine periods. Vol. 2, Morphology
Loyalty and dissidence in Roman Egypt : the case of the Acta Alexandrinorum
Burnt offerings : new discoveries from the Petra scrolls
Greek papyri from Dublin (P. Dub.)
New documents illustrating early Christianity. 1, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1976
Archaeological context of the Petra papyri
Proceedings of the 24th International Congress of Papyrology, Helsinki, 1-7 August, 2004
The archaeological context of the Petra papyri
P. Petra inv. 83 : a settlement of dispute
A Greek papyrus reader with vocabulary
The Apis embalming ritual : P. Vindob. 3873
Papyrus in classical antiquity
The Petra Papyri III
The Dead Sea scrolls translated : the Qumran texts in English
4. Request for transfer of taxation
List of stolen items
Conservation and reconstruction
The Ptolemaic Basilikos Grammateus
Politics and script : aspects of authority and freedom in the development of Graeco-Latin script from the sixth century B.C. to the twentieth century A.D
A marriage contract : aspects of Latin-Greek language contact (P. Mich. VII 434 and P. Ryl. IV 612 = ChLA IV 249) by Martti Leiwo and Hilla Halla-aho
The textual criticism of documentary papyri : prolegomena
5. Request for transfer of taxation
The first five years of the Petra papyri
Introduction : list of stolen items and tax receipts
Writing in a workmen's village : scribal practice in Ramesside Deir el-Medina
The Petra papyri I
The Tebtunis papyri. 4
The 1998 Finnish Jabal Haroun project : preliminary report
The Petra Papyri II
Proceedings of the 24th International Congress of Papyrology, Helsinki, 1-7 August, 2004.. Vol. 2
Bibliography and abbreviations
The census register P.OXY.984 : the reverse of Pindar's Paeans
The Oxford handbook of papyrology
The new papyrological primer
Egyptian religious texts and representations. 3, Mythological papyri
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 2, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1977
Sprache, Schrift, Bild : language, script, image : Approaches to our cultural memory : Wege zu unserem kulturellem Gedächtnis
Bilingual notaries in Hellenistic Egypt : a study of Greek as a second language
Talking to the text : marginalia from papyri to print ; proceedings of a Conference held at Erice, 26 september - 3 october 1998, as the 12th Course of International School for the Study of Written Records
Papyrology and the history of early Islamic Egypt
Essays and texts in honor of J. David Thomas
Egypt is the richest source of primary documents for the economy, society and everyday life of the late antique Mediterranean world. Its thousands of papyri provide insight into aspects and topics ignored by ancient authors. This handbook is an indispensable tool in navigating these documents, which use a host of complex systems to date legal transactions. Extensive tables and lists help the reader understand the use of consulates, the indiction cycle, eras, and dates by imperial reigns. Other formal aspects of the documents, including Christian invocations and sworn oaths, are also fully covered.
The preliminary prosopography of the Petra papyri : Theodoros son of Obodianos : a case study
Greek papyri from Kellis (P. Kell. G.). 1, Nos. 1 - 90
Select papyri in five volumes. 1, Non-literary papyri : private affairs
The Oxyrhynchus papyri
2. Agreement concerning inherited property
Columbia papyri IX : the Vestis militaris codex
The scrolls of Petra : a great city's last decades are deciphered from charred papyrus
3-5. Introduction : requests for transfer taxation
Reading the liver : papyrological texts on ancient Greek extispicy
St. Aaron revisited - the Finnish excavations at Jabal Hārūn near Petra
P. Michigan Koenen (= P. Mich. XVIII) : Michigan texts published in honor of Ludwig Koenen
Greek manuscripts of the ancient world
Labored in papyrus leaves : perspectives on an epigram collection attributed to Posidippus (P. Mil Vogl. VIII 309)
Woodcutters, potters and doorkeepers : service personnel of the Deir el-Medina workmen
A Yale papyrus (P Yale III 137) in the Beinecke rare book and manuscript library III
Greek constitutions of early Roman emperors from inscriptions and papyri
Regaling officials in Ptolemaic Egypt : a dramatic reading of official accounts from the Menches papers (P.L.Bat.32)
Conservation of Ancient Papyrus Materials
The present book deals with the testamentary practice as seen through papyri, tablets, doctrinal and literary sources, manuscript tradition, etc. mostly in the period after the constitutio Antoniniana. The aim of Wills in the Roman empire: a documentary approach is to reconstruct how people applied law and how testamentary practice looked like in everyday life: how wills were made and opened, what was the meaning of particular dispositions. These questions constitute a part of a wider discussion concerning the level of knowledge and application of Roman law in the provinces after the edict of Caracalla. The book is supplemented with four Appendices, where all wills from the Hellenistic, Roman, and Byzantine periods are collected for the first time in scholarly literature.
The 2003 Finnish Jabal Harun Project: Preliminary report
The Petra Papyri I
The Abinnaeus archive : papers of a Roman officer in the reign of Constantinus II
The Petra papyri : information and significance
The library of A. Chester Beatty : description of a hieratic papyrus with a mythological story, love-songs, and other miscellaneous texts : the Chester Beatty papyri, No. I with thirty-one plates in monochrome and thirty in line by Emery Walker, LTD
The Milan Papyrus ( P. Mil. Volg. VIII. 309), containing a collection of epigrams apparently all by Posidippus of Pella, provides one of the most exciting new additions to the corpus of Greek literature in decades. It not only contains over 100 previously unknown epigrams by one of the most prominent poets of the third century BC, but as an artefact it constitutes our earliest example of a Greek poetry book. In addition to a poetic translation of the entire corpus of Posidippus' poetry, this volume contains essays about Posidippus by experts in the fields of papyrology, Hellenistic and Augustan literature, Ptolemaic history, and Graeco-Roman visual culture.
Hermae : scholars and scholarship in papyrology
Select papyri in five volumes. 2, Non-literary papyri public documents
The archive of Ammon Scholasticus of Panopolis : (P. Ammon). Vol. 1, The legacy of Harpocration : texts from the collections of Duke University and the Universität zu Köln
A few remarks on spondē, fallos and other extra payments in papyri
The acts of the pagan martyrs : Acta Alexandrinorum
The Chester Beatty Codex AC 1499 : a Graeco-Latin lexicon on the Pauline Epistles, and a Greek grammar
Petra rediscovered : the lost city of Nabataeans
A working list of the prefects of Egypt 30 B. C. to 299 A. D. : their names, terms of office, and references to them which have appeared since A. Stein, die Praefekten von Aegypten, 1950
Papyri in memory of P.J. Sijpesteijn (P. Sijp.)
Selections from the Greek papyri
The Acta Alexandrinorum are a fascinating collection of texts, dealing with relations between the Alexandrians and the Roman emperors in the first century AD. This was a turbulent time in the life of the capital city of the new province of Egypt, not least because of tensions between the Greek and Jewish sections of the population. Dr Harker's was the first in-depth study of these texts since their first edition half a century ago, and it examines them in the context of other similar contemporary literary forms, both from Roman Egypt and the wider Roman Empire. This study of the Acta Alexandrinorum, which was genuinely popular in Roman Egypt, offers a more complex perspective on provincial mentalities towards imperial Rome than that offered in the mainstream elite literature. It will be of interest to classicists and ancient historians, but also to those interested in Jewish and New Testament studies.
The papyrologist at work : the J. H. Gray lectures given at the University of Cambridge 1971
William Furley and Victor Gysembergh bring together in a new edition the papyrus fragments of ancient Greek manuals of extispicy, that is, the inspection of animal entrails to predict the future. From art and literature we already know that the practice was important throughout the historical period in military and civic life, representing a widespread and respected way of taking the omens before embarking on any venture. Now, for the first time, the papyrological texts relating to this branch of the ancient mantic art have been collected, reedited and interpreted. The results show a refined and arcane art relating to the parts and appearance of the sheep's liver expressed in a symbolic language all its own. In particular the authors examine the question of the degree to which this Greek pseudo-science derives from Mesopotamian extispicy, as has often been claimed.
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 6, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1980-81
Architectural orientation in the papyri
Nine Homeric papyri from Oxyrhynchos
The Michigan medical codex (P. Mich. 758 = P. Mich. inv. 21)
Settling a dispute : toward a legal anthropology of late antique Egypt
Remarks on the Urbanistic development of Petra's center in the Nabataean and Roman periods
3. Request for transfer of taxation
Chronological systems of Byzantine Egypt
A selection of articles and reports on the Petra papyri 1993-2002
