http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8714 epigraphy
epigraphy
The second volume of the Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae covers the inscriptions of Caesarea Maritima and the coastal region of the Middle Coast from Tel Aviv in the south to Haifa in the north from the time of Alexander to the Muslim conquest. The approx. 1,050 texts comprise all the languages used for inscriptions during this period (Greek, Latin, Hebrew, Aramaic, Samaritan, Syrian, and Persian) and are arranged according to the principal settlements and their territory. The great majority of the texts belongs to Caesarea, the capital of the province of Judaea/Syria Palaestina. No other place in Judaea has produced more Latin inscriptions than this area, reflecting the strong Roman influence on the city.
Inscriptions and their Uses in Greek and Latin Literature offers a broad set of perspectives on the diverse forms of epigraphic material present in ancient literary texts, and the variety of responses, both ancient and modern, which they can provoke. This collection of essays explores the various ways in which ancient authors used inscribed texts and documents. From the archaic period onwards, ancient literary authors working within a range of genres, such as oratory, philosophy, poetry, and historiography, discussed and quoted a variety of inscriptions. They deployed them as ornamental devices, as alternative voices to that of the narrator, to display scholarship, to make points about history, politics, individual morality, and piety, and even to express moral views about the nature of epigraphy.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 4, part 1, Pertinax to Geta
Inscriptions in the private sphere in the Greco-Roman world
This volume contains the papers presented during the Meeting 'Off the Beaten Track – Epigraphy at the Borders', the sixth in a series of international events planned by the EAGLE, Europeana network of Ancient Greek and Latin Epigraphy international consortium. The Meeting was held on 24–25 September 2015, with the support of the Department of Classics and Late Antiquity Studies at the University of Bari Aldo Moro (Italy). During the event, the EAGLE Portal (http://www.eagle-network.eu) was officially launched and presented to the public for the first time. The event was intended to address the issues which arise in digitizing inscriptions characterised by 'unusual' features in comparison with the epigraphic norm. Here are collected contributions from several ongoing digital projects raising questions and proposing solutions regarding encoding inscriptions – from the Archaic period to the Middle Ages and beyond, even in languages other than Greek and Latin – which do not fall within those labelled as standard. The projects involved are the following: ILA – Iscrizioni Latine Arcaiche; The Ancient Graffiti Project; DASI – Digital Archive for the Study of pre-Islamic Arabian Inscriptions; EDB – Epigraphic Database Bari; EDV – Epigraphic Database Vernacular Inscriptions; AshLi – Ashmolean Latin Inscriptions Project.
Rome and the Greek East to the death of Augustus
Before the God in this place for good remembrance : a comparative analysis of the Aramaic votive inscriptions from Mount Gerizim
The roads of Roman Italy : mobility and cultural change
The decoding of Linear B is one of the world's greatest stories: from the discovery of a cache of ancient tablets recording a lost prehistoric language to the dramatic solution of the riddle nearly seventy years later, it exerts a mesmerizing pull on the imagination. But, captivating as it is, this story is missing a crucial piece. Two men have dominated Linear B in popular history: Arthur Evans, the intrepid Victorian archaeologist who unearthed Linear B at Knossos and Michael Ventris, the dashing young amateur who produced a solution. But there was a third figure: Alice Kober, without whose painstaking work, recorded on pieces of paper clipped from hymn-sheets and magazines and stored in cigarette boxes in her Brooklyn loft, Linear B might still remain a mystery. Drawing on Kober's own papers - only made available recently - Margalit Fox provides the final piece of the enigma, and along the way reveals how you decipher a language when you know neither its grammar nor its alphabet as well as the stories behind other ancient languages, like the dancing-man Rongorongo of Easter Island.
Art and inscriptions in the ancient world
Why say thank you with a portrait statue? This book combines two different and quite specialized fields, archaeology and epigraphy, to explore the phenomenon of portraits in ancient art within the historical and anthropological context of city-states honouring worthy individuals through erecting statues, and the development of families imitating this practice. This transaction tells us a lot about the history of these cities and how ancient art worked as a construction of relations during the Hellenistic period (c. 350 BC- c. AD 1), which is marked by a political culture of civic devotion, common decision making, and publicness. As honorific statues were considered public art, the volume also investigates the workings of images, representations, memory, and the monumental public form of permanent inscription, to see what stories the Hellenistic city-states can reveal about themselves.
Ancient documents and their contexts : First North American Congress of Greek and Latin epigraphy (2011)
In pre-Roman Italy and Sicily, dozens of languages and writing systems competed and interacted, and bilingualism was the norm. Using frameworks from epigraphy, archaeology and the sociolinguistics of language contact, this book explores the relationship between Greek and Oscan, two of the most widely spoken languages in the south of the peninsula. Dr McDonald undertakes a new analysis of the entire corpus of South Oscan texts written in Lucania, Bruttium and Messana, including dedications, curse tablets, laws, funerary texts and graffiti. She demonstrates that genre and domain are critical to understanding where and when Greek was used within Oscan-speaking communities, and how ancient bilinguals exploited the social meaning of their languages in their writing. This book also offers a cutting-edge example of how to build the fullest possible picture of bilingualism in fragmentary languages across the ancient world.
This book collects eighteen papers which make original contributions to the study of the inscribed laws and decrees of the city of Athens, 352/1-322/1 BC, the most richly documented period of the city's history. Originally published in academic journals, conference proceedings and Festschriften between 2000 and 2010, they lay groundwork for the author's new edition of these inscriptions, IG II³ Part 1, fascicule 2. The papers, which are based on fresh comprehensive autopsy of the stones and study of squeezes, photographs and early transcripts, report important epigraphical findings and include studies of onomastics and of the chronology and the history of the period.
Studies in Greek epigraphy and history in honor of Stephen V. Tracy
Civic monuments and the Augustales in Roman Italy
Phrygian votive steles
The disappearing tombstone and other stories from Emona
In this volume, Ceccarelli offers a history of the development of letter writing in ancient Greece from the archaic to the early Hellenistic period. Highlighting the specificity of letter-writing, as opposed to other forms of communication and writing, the volume looks at documentary letters, but also traces the role of embedded letters in the texts of the ancient historians, in drama, and in the speeches of the orators. While a letter is in itself the transcription of an oral message and, as such, can be either truthful or deceitful, letters acquired negative connotations in the fifth century, especially when used for transactions concerning the public and not the private sphere. Viewed as the instrument of tyrants or near eastern kings, these negative connotations were evident especially in Athens where comedy and tragedy testified to an underlying concern with epistolary communication. In other areas of the Greek world, such as Sparta or Crete, the letter may have been seen as an unproblematic instrument for managing public policies, with inscriptions documenting the official use of letters not only by the Hellenistic kings, but also by some poleis.
An index to the "Griechische Vers-Inschriften" (ed. W. Peek, Berlin 1955)
The founding of the Roman Principate was a time of great turmoil. This book brings together a set of important Latin inscriptions, including the recently discovered documents concerning the death of Germanicus and trial of Cn. Piso, in order to illustrate the developing sense of dynasty that underpinned the new monarchy of Augustus. Each inscription is supplied with its original text, a new English translation, and a full introduction and historical commentary that will be useful to students and scholars alike. The book also provides important technical help in understanding the production and interpretation of documents and inscriptions, thereby making it an excellent starting point for introducing students to Roman epigraphy.
Sylloge epigraphica orbis romani. Volume 2
Epigraphy and the historical sciences
A list of Greek verse inscriptions down to 400 B.C. : an analytical survey
Damasus of Rome makes available in English the epigraphic poetry of Damasus, bishop of Rome from 366 to 384. The translations are accompanied by the Latin text as well as by commentary on the literary, topographic, and archaeological features of Damasus' inscribed epigrams. Antonio Ferrua published the last critical edition of Damasus' poetry in 1942. Since Ferrua's ground-breaking edition, however, much has changed. Recent scholarship has challenged the Damasan authorship of several epigrams, other pieces have been reinstated as Damasan, and archaeology has added fragments that were not known in 1942. Moreover in recent years new ways of appreciating Late Latin poetry have revolutionized thinking about many poets contemporary with Damasus. Damasus of Rome, therefore, not only offers new translations but updates the corpus and criticism of Damasus' poetry. A full introduction situates Damasus in his times by considering his troubled election and the issues that dominated Rome and his papacy. The introduction also sets the poems within the broader sweep of the history of epigraphic poetry at Rome and relates them both to the development of the Christian catacombs and to the emergence of the cults of the Roman saints. Modern scholarship readily acknowledges that the years of Damasus' episcopacy were pivotal ones in the transformation of Rome into a late antique Christian city. His poetry, much of it inscribed at the suburban tombs of the Roman saints and martyrs, played an incalculable but significant role in the redefinition of both Roman and Christian identity in this remarkable age. Damasus of Rome now makes that poetry more readily available to scholars and students alike.
The prae-italic dialects of Italy : in three volumes. Vol. 2, part 3, The Raetic, Lepontic, Gallic, East-Italic Messapic and Sicel inscriptions with the glosses in ancient writers and the local and divine names of ancienst Sicily
Honorific titles of Roman military units in the 3rd century
The ethical message of Indus pictorial script
The Brauron clothing catalogues : text analysis, glossary and translation
Columbarium tombs and collective identity in Augustan Rome
"Oscan was spoken in Southern Italy in the second half of the first millennium BC. Here, for the first time, all the evidence for the spelling of Oscan in the Greek alphabet is collected and examined. Understanding the orthography of these inscriptions has far-reaching implications for the historical phonology and morphology of Oscan and the Italic languages (for example providing unique evidence for the reconstruction of the genitive plural). A striking discovery is the lack of a standardised orthography for Oscan in the Greek alphabet, which seriously problematises attempts to date inscriptions by assuming the consistent chronological development of spelling features. There are also intriguing insights into the linguistic situation in South Italy. Rather than a separate community of Oscan-speakers who had adopted and subsequently adapted the Greek alphabet in isolation, we should posit groups who were in touch with contemporary developments in Greek orthography due to widespread Greek-Oscan bilingualism"--
ALA2 : the auxiliary cavalry units of the pre-Diocletianic Imperial Roman army
Inscriptions and history of Thessaly : new evidence ; proceedings of the International Symposium in honor of Professor Christian Habicht
The discovery of the Mnesiepes inscription on Paros revealed the third century B.C. belief that the young Archilochos was transformed into a poet by an encounter with the Muses. It also revealed that the poet had become the object of a cult by his fellow islanders as he was transformed in death to a local hero. This is the first attempt to trace the history of this cult from the late sixth century B.C. to the third century A.D.. The author also integrates the iconography of the poet into the history of this cult, and addresses for the first time the larger phenomenon of the cult of poets in the Greek states. This study provides appendices giving sources of information for these cults, including the text of the Mnesiepes inscription. It is illustrated by in-text figures and plates.
Selected essays in Roman history and epigraphy
An introduction to Greek epigraphy. Vol. 1, The Archaic inscriptions and the Greek alphabet
Epigraphica Boeotica. 2, Further studies on Boiotian inscriptions
Acta of the University of New England (Armidale, Australia) : International seminar on Greek and Latin epigraphy (12-14 July, 1989)
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 5, part 1
In 1887, when the first volume of this work was published, Greek epigraphy was not systematically studied or taught in English universities, and the book was specifically written to supply a need for 'a popular work, giving a classification of Greek inscriptions according to their age, country and subject, and a selection of texts by way of samples, under each class'. The first volume contains a historical sketch of the Greek alphabet and a sequence of inscriptions showing its development across the Mediterranean area and Asia Minor until the end of the fifth century CE. The second volume, written with E. A. Gardner and published in 1905, focuses on the inscriptions found in Attica, and especially Athens. Each is given in transcription, with suggested restorations and the reproduction of unusual characters where the value is not certain, and with full explanatory notes.
The North of Britannia and the North-West of Hispania : an epigraphic comparison
Eleusis, the inscriptions on stone : documents of the Sanctuary of the Two Goddesses and public documents of the Deme
Ancient Beroea : prosopography and society
A text-book of North-Semitic inscriptions : Moabite, Hebrew, Phoenician, Aramaic, Nabataean, Palmyrene, Jewish
Athēnaiōn episkopos : studies in honour of Harold B. Mattingly
"The first comprehensive treatment of ancestral Maya economies, this book brings an array of evidence - archaeological, epigraphic, ethnohistorical, and ethnographic - to bear on the question of economic integration. In the process, McAnany demonstrates interconnectivity between ritual practice and indigenous ecologies, gendered labor, and the construction of colossal architecture. Examining Maya royaltyas a kind of social speciation, the author shows the fundamentality of social difference in ancestral Maya societies. The pervasiveness of artisan production is understood in terms of identity - both personal and community-wide. Her analysis of royal iconography and hieroglyphic texts provides evidence of a politicnl economy dominated by tribute extraction, thus lifting the veil of opacity over the financing of palace economies. This book interprets Maya economies in reference to contemporary theories of social practice, gender, actor networks, inalienable goods, materiality, hierarchy, indigenous ecologies, and strategies of state finance."--BOOK JACKET.
Introduction / Patrice Schlosser et Michel Sève -- Voyageurs et archéologues à Cyzique : chrono-Bibliographie, 1431-1900 / Guy Meyer -- Les ruines du temple d'Hadrien à Cyzique d'après les voyageurs / Guy Meyer -- Cyzique et le monde achéménide / Frédéric Maffre -- L'extension territoriale de Cyzique (IVe siècle av. J.-C. – Ier siècle apr. J.-C.) : reflet du prestige de la communauté civique? / Franck Prêteux -- Le statut particulier du «cyzicène» / Patrick Marchetti -- Cyzique et les Attalides / Michel Sève -- Kyzikos : the epigraphical evidence / Christian Habicht -- Le culte de Poséidon Asphaleios à Cyzique / Ludovic Thély -- Cyzique, une cité au carrefour des réseaux culturels du monde grec / Madalina Dana -- Cyzique et la mer Noire / Alexandru Avram -- Cyzique et la mer / Patrice Schlosser -- New proposal on Cyzicus Hadrian Temple / Nurettin Koçhan-- Les antiquités de Cyzique au musée du Louvre / Ludovic Laugier -- Cyzique à l'époque de l'hégémonie romaine : un modèle d'intégration provinciale? / Julien Fournier.
Ta en tēi stēlēi gegrammena = Six Greek historical inscriptions of the Fifth Century B. C.
Legio XX Valeria Victrix : prosopography, arhaeology and history
Studies in the Minor Rock Edicts of Aśoka. 1
Previous studies of tombstones and inscriptions dedicated to divinities have focused on methods of assigning names in Roman society, the age at marriage and death of demographic populations across the Roman Empire, relations of kinship, marriage, amity and dependence among elite and sub-altern families and communities, and the performance of acts in accordance with traditional forms of belief and custom. The present volume wishes to ask what conclusions can be drawn from the corpus of private Latin inscriptions from Roman Italy about the identity, social condition and cultural activity of men and women participating in the process of epigraphic commemoration and dedication. In particular, this study hopes to demonstrate that women participated as significantly as men in the process in a variety of ways and contexts usually regarded as prominently or exclusively male, and in certain circumstances left behind the trace or residue of a uniquely female perspective on their world
Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae. Volume 2, Caesarea and the Middle Coast 1121-2160
The alphabetic labyrinth : the letters in history and imagination
The peregrini of Roman Dacia
The Greeks inscribed their works of art and craft with labels identifying mythological or historical figures, bits of poetry, and claims of ownership. But no type of inscription is more hotly debated or more intriguing than the artist's signature, which raises questions concerning the role and status of the artist and the work of art or craft itself. In this book, Jeffrey M. Hurwit surveys the phenomenon of artists' signatures across the many genres of Greek art from the eighth to the first century BCE. Although the great majority of extant works lack signatures, the Greek artist nonetheless signed his products far more than any other artist of antiquity. Examining signatures on gems, coins, mosaics, wall-paintings, metalwork, vases, and sculptures, Hurwit argues that signatures help us assess the position of the Greek artist within his society as well as his conception of his own skill and originality.
The Astynomoi Law from Pergamon : a new commentary
Latin inscriptions can appear daunting – a jumble of letters without any structure or meaning. However, once you know how, most are easy to read as they follow strict rules of grammar and abbreviation. This book will teach readers how to 'decipher' them and will highlight how even the smallest piece of information that an inscription may provide can help classicists and archaeologists to reconstruct the daily life of ordinary Romans.
Pompeii and Herculaneum : a sourcebook
Energeia : studies on ancient history and epigraphy presented to H. W. Pleket
Jerash archaeological project, 1981-1983. I
Inscribed Athenian laws and decrees 352/1-322/1 BC : epigraphical essays
The syllabic inscriptions from Byblos
Inscriptions of the Maukharīs, later Guptas, Puspabhūtis and Ya'sovarman of Kamaj
Death and the emperor : Roman imperial funerary monuments from Augustus to Marcus Aurelius
Epigraphs of Madhya Pradesh
The Festschrift was presented to the honorand at Berkeley on the occasion of the 2nd North American Congress of Greek and Latin Epigraphy on January 5, 2016. It brings together several of Ron's friends, colleagues, and students with articles on the epigraphy and historical topography of Athens and Attica, the Peloponnese, and the wider Greek world.
The original edition of Pompeii: A Sourcebook was a crucial resource for students of the site. Now updated to include material from Herculaneum, the neighbouring town also buried in the eruption of Vesuvius, Pompeii and Herculaneum: A Sourcebook allows readers to form a richer and more diverse picture of urban life on the Bay of Naples. Focusing upon inscriptions and ancient texts, it translates and sets into context a representative sample of the huge range of source material uncovered in these towns. From the labels on wine jars to scribbled insults, and from advertisements for gladiatorial contests to love poetry, the individual chapters explore the early history of Pompeii and Herculaneum, their destruction, leisure pursuits, politics, commerce, religion, the family and society. Information about Pompeii and Herculaneum from authors based in Rome is included, but the great majority of sources come from the cities themselves, written by their ordinary inhabitants – men and women, citizens and slaves. Encorporating the latest research and finds from the two cities and enhanced with more photographs, maps, and plans, Pompeii and Herculaneum: A Sourcebook offers an invaluable resource for anyone studying or visiting the sites.
Brickstamps of Constantinople
An introduction to Greek epigraphy. Vol. 2, The inscriptions of Attica
Fragmentary Decrees from the Athenian Agora, by Michael B. Walbank, has recently been published as Hesperia Supplement 38. This volume presents the editiones principes of the most fragmentary inscriptions found during the excavations in the Athenian Agora between 1931 and 1967. These inscriptions comprise parts of 100 decrees of the Athenian state and other political bodies, ranging in date from the beginning of the 4th through the end of the 2nd century B.C. Identified among the documents are proxeny decrees, honorifics, and grants of citizenship. Each inscription is illustrated and described, with a transcription of the legible letters and commentary. The monograph is intended to serve as a supplement to both Agora XVI and Agora XV, and it will be of interest to students of Greek epigraphy and Athenian political history.
A reassessment of 'Asherah' : a study according to the textual sources of the first two millennia B.C.E
The Roman amphorae : with index of stamps
Damasus of Rome : the epigraphic poetry : introduction, texts, translations, and commentary
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 9, Valentinian I - Theodosius I
Author Virginia Campbell demonstrates that the funerary practices of Pompeii are, in some ways, unique in to the population, moving away from the traditional approach to burial based on generalizations and studies of typology. She shows that while some trends in Roman burial culture can be seen as universal, each population, time, and place constructs its own approach to commemoration and display. Including an extensive catalogue of tomb data and images never before assembled or published, this collective approach reveals new insights into ancient commemoration. The Tombs of Pompeii is the first English-language book on Pompeian funerary rituals. It's also the first in any language to provide a complete survey of the tombs of Pompeii and the first to situate Pompeian differences within a wider Roman burial context.
Linear B is the earliest form of writing used for Greek. The tablets written in this script offer crucial information about the Mycenaean Greeks and their time. This Companion aims at not only summarizing the results of current research but also trying to explain the problems which arise from the study of the texts and the methods which can be used to solve them. It is aimed both at the beginner who needs an introduction to this area and to advanced scholars (archaeologists, historians, classicists) who require an up-to-date account which can serve as a standard reference tool and highlight the remaining problems.
Greek and Latin inscriptions at New York University
Ancient graffiti - hundreds of thousands of informal, ephemeral texts spanning millennia - offer a patchwork of fragmentary conversations in a variety of languages spread across the Mediterranean world. Cut, painted, inked or traced in charcoal, the surviving graffiti present a layer of lived experience in the ancient world unavailable from other sources. Graffiti in Antiquity reveals how and why the inhabitants of Greece and Rome - men and women and free and enslaved - formulated written and visual messages about themselves and the world around them as graffiti.
Athens in the third century B.C
Roman Phrygia : culture and society
The city of Pompeii, or Colonia Cornelia Veneria Pompeiorum, the stage of the action that takes place here, is seen by the author from the perspective of its integration in the macro-economic system of the Roman Empire. The characters that take the centre stage here are slaves, freed slaves and free citizens of low social status, distinguished from others by the place they occupy within relations of oppression and exploitation. In the pages that follow, the author brings the popular Pompeian soul to life, through its manifestations of love, sexuality, anguish and sadness. The work examines particular linguistic expression of popular Latin and, most specifically, through the graffiti written on the walls of a Roman colonial city, rendered there for the attention of the local community.
The creation, composition, service and settlement of Roman auxiliary units raised on the Iberian Peninsula
For at least a thousand years Greek cities took part in religious activities outside their territory by sending sacred delegates to represent them. The delegates are usually called theōroi, literally 'observers', and a delegation made up of theōroi, or the action of taking part in one, is called theōriā. This is the first comprehensive study of theōroi and theōriā. It examines a number of key functions of theōroi and explains who served in this role and what their activities are likely to have been, both on the journey and at the sanctuary. Other chapters discuss the diplomatic functions of theōroi, and what their activities tell us about the origins of the notion of Greek identity and about religious networks. Chapters are also devoted to the reception of the notion of theōriā in Greek philosophy and literature. The book will be essential for all scholars and advanced students of ancient religion.
Off the beaten track : epigraphy at the borders : proceedings of the VI Eagle International Meeting (24-25 September 2015, Bari, Italy)
"The present book unites Roman papers – mostly written by me alone but some of them the fruit of joint efforts with Milioje Vasić and Žarko Petković – which I hope may be of wider interest. They are grouped thematically in three parts, which are entitled, respectively: Military Diplomata (Ess. I 1-17), Mining in Illyricum (Ess. II 1-14), and Rome, Italy and the Provinces (Ess. III 1-17) – the unity of this last being less obvious than that of chapters I and II. All three parts open with separate studies which deal generally with the matters analysed in the articles which follow. With rare exceptions, the Essays are in the form in which they appeared in classical journals or collections. Owing to the limitations of space, no important corrections or critical completions have been proposed, nor reviews from learned periodicals noted, despite their relevance.” Slobodan Dušanić.
Archilochos Heros : the hero cult of poets in the Greek polis
Indus script deciphered
Illustrated introduction to Latin epigraphy
Understanding Roman inscriptions
Written space in the Latin West, 200 BC to AD 300
Journeys in Northern Lycia 1965-1967
The Athenian Agora. results of excavations conducted by the American School of Classical Studies at Athens, Vol. 18, Inscriptions : the dedicatory monuments
Chinese
What did Aeschylus do in Gela over the last three years of his life? Which plays did he compose for performance in that city? How did the legendary tale of his death come about? How was he regarded after death both in Gela and in Athens? This book is the result of investigation set in motion by such curiosity. In the absence of ready-made evidence, the author has adopted an integrated, i.e. multidisciplinary, approach which makes use of literary texts no less than historical, archaeological, epigraphical, and numismatic data. The speculative element inevitably involved in such a pursuit is counterbalanced by the broad scope of this investigation, which ranges from Rhodian identity to Siceliot politics, colonial myth-making,Tyrrhenian affairs, Adriatic trade, amber import, digestive habits of herons, diffusion of urinals, invention of the cottabos, Geloan turtle-shaped clay vessels, etc.
Ancient Documents and their Contexts contains the proceedings of the First North American Congress of Greek and Latin Epigraphy (San Antonio, Texas, 4-5 January 2011). It gathers seventeen papers presented by scholars from North America, Europe, and Australia at the first formal meeting of classical epigraphists sponsored by the American Society of Greek and Latin Epigraphy. Ranging from technical discussions of epigraphic formulae and palaeography to broad consideration of inscriptions as social documents and visual records, the topics and approaches represented reflect the variety of ways that Greek and Latin inscriptions are studied in North America today.
Hellenike grafe : Katalogos ektheseos antigrafon = The greek script : Catalogue of an exhibition of copies
Labraunda : Swedish excavations and researches. Vol. 3, pt. 1, The Greek inscriptions, pt. 1:1-12 : Period of Olympichus
Materials used for Indian epigraphical records
Classes imperii Romani : an epigraphic examination of the men of the Imperial Roman navy
Lapidarium : guide to the Arhaeological Exhibitions in the Hungarian National Museum Roman Stones
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 2, Vespasian to Hadrian
When one thinks of inscriptions produced under the Roman Empire, public inscribed monuments are likely to come to mind. Hundreds of thousands of such inscriptions are known from across the breadth of the Roman Empire, preserved because they were created of durable material or were reused in subsequent building. This volume looks at another aspect of epigraphic creation – from handwritten messages scratched on wall-plaster to domestic sculptures labeled with texts to displays of official patronage posted in homes: a range of inscriptions appear within the private sphere in the Greco-Roman world. Rarely scrutinized as a discrete epigraphic phenomenon, the incised texts studied in this volume reveal that writing in private spaces was very much a part of the epigraphic culture of the Roman Empire.
The riddle of the labyrinth : the quest to crack an ancient code and the uncovering of a lost civilisation
A linguistic history of ancient Cyprus : the non-Greek languages and their relations with Greek, c.1600-300 BC
The interest in the Sabellian languages, i.e. Oscan, Umbrian and remaining central Italian dialects, attested in inscription from the Italian peninsula appr. 650 - 50 BCE, is ever increasing. With the discovery of new inscriptions and new interpretations of already known text, the understanding and contextualisation of these pre-Roman languages becomes ever more detailed. Following in the wake of recent editions, and the Wörterbuch des Oskisch-Umbrischen by Jürgen Untermann (2000), this study is the first step in the direction of a complete Sabellian grammar. Focusing on the case system, the volume compiles and explains all the various grammatical constructions attested. Including both an introduction to phonology and a detailed summary of the morphology of the case endings, the extant linguistic material, although scarce, is highlighted and discussed, on both an internal and external comparative level, with an historical perspective concerning the development and uses of the constructions.
Private associations organized around a common cult, profession, ethnic identity, neighbourhood or family were common throughout the Greco-Roman antiquity. This volume collects a representative selection of inscriptions from associations in Asia Minor and the north coast of the Black Sea, published with English translations, brief explanatory notes, commentaries and full indices.
Information Technologies for Epigraphy and Cultural Heritage : Proceedings of the First EAGLE International Conference
The epigraphic guide to Hierapolis of Phrygia (Pamukkale) aims to present visitors to the site and the museum with some of the most interesting Greek inscriptions that they will encounter, helping to both read and understand them. The excavations conducted by the Italian Archaeological Mission have trebled the number of documents that were known at the end of the nineteenth century, now totalling over 1000. Starting in Hellenistic times, the inscriptions from Hierapolis shed light on all aspects of urban life, and provide information on the composition of the population, on institutions and government, on municipal and provincial roles, as well as on religion, productive sectors and the organisation of gilds, Greek-type contests and amphitheatre games, the activity of public benefactors, funerary rites, the Jewish community and the expressions of Christianity. The majority of the most significant documents have been published, and work is now directed towards producing a scientific corpus of all epigraphic material.
Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae. Volume 3, South Coast 2161-2648
The archaeology and epigraphy of Hellenistic and Roman Megaris
Croatian glacolitic epigraphy
An Introduction to Greek Epigraphy is a practical handbook for the beginner who is faced with the task of reading and interpreting Greek inscriptions from the Hellenistic and Roman periods. Part 1 deals with general matters such as letter forms, ancient names, and ancient calendars, knowledge of which is indispensable in the reading of inscriptions of all kinds. Part 2 begins with a discussion of the classification of inscriptions, followed by analysis of particular types of inscriptions such as decrees, honorary inscriptions, dedications, funerary inscriptions, and manumission inscriptions. Finally, Part 3 covers special topics that bear upon the interpretation of specific features of inscriptions, such as Greek and Roman administrative titles and functions.
The Roman cult of salus
Macedonian Edessa : prosopography and onomasticon
By the end of the Archaic period, Greek sanctuaries were bursting with dedications, including many that bore epigrams. This study views dedications comprehensively as sites of ritual efficacy, and in particular it recovers epigrams' reflections of and contributions to that efficacy and restores them to an important place in the panorama of Greek religious practice. In order to reconstruct the Archaic experience of reading and viewing, the book draws on studies of traditional poetic language as resonant with immanent meaning, early Greek poetry as socially and religiously effective performance, and viewing art as an active response of aesthetic appreciation. It argues that reading epigrams while viewing dedications generated effects of religious ritual and poetic performance, and that visual and verbal representation of the dedicator's act of offering associated that rite with similar effects, thereby framing the experiences of readers and viewers as reperformances of the earlier occasion.
"The Greek inscription set up by the "Epicurean philosopher Diogenes of Oinoanda, probably in the first half of the second century AD, is a document of extraordinary interest and importance. It is the longest inscription known from the ancient world, perhaps running to about 25,000 words, and the only one to give a detailed exposition of a philosophical system. Since 1884 a total of 299 pieces of the inscription have been found scattered about the ruins of Oinoanda in the mountains of southwest Turkey - substantial finds, but still not even a third of the complete work. Of these fragments 76 were found in the ten years 2003-2012, all but one of them during a new epigraphical and architectural survey of Oinoanda directed by Martin Bachmann in 2007-2012. Jürgen Hammerstaedt and Martin Ferguson Smith recorded and edited the new finds. The present volume brings together all the articles in which they presented the new texts and revisions of "old" ones and described the survey. It contains also three new sections, including indices of Greek names and words"
The tombs of Pompeii : organization, space, and society
Öffentlichkeit-Monument-Text : XIV Congressus Internationalis Epigraphiae Graecae et Latinae 27.-31. Augusti MMXII : Akten
The second volume of E. S. Robert's Introduction to Greek Epigraphy, written with E. A. Gardner and published in 1905, continued the important and innovative work of the first volume of 1887. The focus is on the inscriptions found in Attica, and especially Athens: they are presented in categories such as decrees of the city-state, foreign affairs, financial, military and naval affairs, administrative regulations, lists of officials, and dedicatory and funerary inscriptions. Each is given in transcription, with suggested restorations and the reproduction of unusual characters where the value is not certain, and with full explanatory notes.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 5, part 2
This monograph is a new commentary on the famous epigraphic document known as the Astynomoi Law from Pergamon. In 1953/4 G. Klaffenbach published his excellent philological commentary on this prostagma and now, after six decades of archaeological and epigraphic discoveries a fresh, thorough study of it is needed. The monograph is divided into two parts: the first analyses the text line by line, the second focuses instead on the officials called astynomoi in a study of evidence from the entire Greek World which allows us to reassess their role and standing in city administration. Over decades scholars have tended to assume that the duties testified for the Athenian astynomoi were a template for those of the homonymous officials in all the other Greek communities. Only a complete reviewing of all now available evidence can reveal whether their tasks were universally identical or not.
Greco-Roman associations : texts, translations, and commentary. 2, North coast of the Black Sea, Asia Minor
This volume is the first comprehensive archaeological catalogue of all the extant inscriptions written in the un-deciphered syllabary of Late Bronze Age Cyprus (1500-1200 BC): the so-called Cypro-Minoan script. In conjunction with Cypro-Minoan Inscriptions Volume 1: Analysis, this volume focuses on the physical reality of the inscribed objects containing Cypro-Minoan and the archaeological contexts in which they were found. Offering a detailed, systematic, and rigorous examination of both the objects and their functions in the material record, it proposes a new way of examining the inscriptions. This comprehensive standpoint therefore considers not only the inscriptions themselves, but more importantly the contexts and functions of the inscribed objects, which are significant for the documentary evidence they bear and the part they play as physical entities manufactured, shaped, and used by past peoples for a defined purpose.
The Athenian empire on stone revisited : David Lewis Lecture in ancient history Oxford 2009
Fasti Cretae et Cyrenarum : imperial magistrates of Crete and Cyrenaica during the Julio-Claudian period
Cypro-Minoan inscriptions. Vol. 1, Analysis
The monuments of Seti I : epigraphic, historical, and art historical analysis
By far the largest single source of new information about the ancient Greek and Roman world is provided by the flow of newly discovered inscriptions, which presents both a challenge and an opportunity. In order to interpret any inscription we need to be able to apply the knowledge that we already have. On the other hand, inscriptions present the opportunity to gain new knowledge about virtually every aspect of the mix of cultures and societies which we call Graeco-Roman antiquity. This book therefore emphasises the importance of the two-way connections and contributions which link epigraphic studies with the historical sciences as a whole. Epigraphic information is helping to reshape and extend our knowledge of the religious life, the languages, the populations, the governmental systems, and the economies of the Graeco-Roman world. New techniques and technologies are helping to make epigraphically based information more accessible, whether in terms of public display or in terms of the ever-widening possibilities of information technology. The act of looking at the Graeco-Roman world through the window provided by the epigraphic record offers a distinctive gaze of unique and exceptional value.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 1, From 31 BC to AD 69
Qasr Ibrim : the Greek and Coptic inscriptions ; published on behalf of the Egypt exploration society
Latin inscriptions
"The Disappearing Tombstone" is a collection of ten stories about real people, who once lived in Emona or the surrounding countryside. These stories shed light on the everyday lives and often highly unusual fates of these people. The eleventh story reveals why the Romans believed that Emona had been founded by Jason and his Argonauts. The myth would lead later historians to believe that Emona was older than Rome.
Viewing inscriptions in the late antique and medieval world
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 6, From Diocletian's reform (A.D. 294) to the death of Maximinus (A.D. 313)
Oscan in southern Italy and Sicily : evaluating language contact in a fragmentary corpus
Indian epigraphical glossary
Cavum Antrum Phrygiae : the organization and operations of the Roman imperial marble quarries in Phrygia
The Roads of Roman Italy offers a complete re-evaluation of both the evidence and the interpretation of Roman land transport. The book utilises archaeological, epigraphic and literary evidence for Roman communications, drawing on recent approaches to the human landscape developed by geographers.
The first volume of Young Lukanian Archaeologists (YLA) sub-series examines monumental votive offerings (tripods or pedestals which supported statues, or fragments of statuary groups more complex) by Western Greeks of Magna Graecia and Sicily (also Massaliotes and Etruscans) in the Sanctuary of Apollo at Delphi between 6th and 4th centuries BC. The presence of Italian and Sicilian cities, from the lists of teorodochi and prosseni in the sanctuary, coincides with the most prosperous period of their history. Some of these dedications are known only through literary sources, while others are still detectable in the themenos. These are fragments with inscriptions that refer to imposing and prestigious offerings. The data collected show that the most important dedications are related to the 6th-4th centuries BC.
The rhetoric of the Roman fake : Latin pseudepigrapha in context
Indian epigraphy. Vol. 1
Early history of the alphabet : an introduction to West Semitic epigraphy and palaeography
The archaeology of gender, love and sexuality in Pompeii
The Latin language in the inscriptions of Roman Dacia
La question du statut du musicien transcende les cadres chronologiques et culturels et relève d'une double démarche, anthropologique et historique. Ce thème, qui n'a jamais fait l'objet d'une véritable étude pour l'Antiquité, est ici appréhendé à travers une approche transversale et comparative. La table ronde internationale qui s'est tenue à Lyon, en 2008, a ainsi permis d'interroger la figure du musicien dans les sociétés égyptienne, mésopotamienne, grecque et romaine, du IVe millénaire avant J-C jusqu'au tout début du christianisme. Tantôt adulé, tantôt méprisé, le musicien de métier n'a pas un rôle univoque dans les sociétés anciennes. Cet ouvrage collectif vise à en cerner les contours en abordant la rémunération, les honneurs, l'apparat, la formation et le savoir-faire, niais aussi les limites juridiques et sociales qui frappent parfois le musicien professionnel. Établie en fonction de l'instrument de musique, de la proximité avec le pouvoir, du contexte de la prestation musicale, la hiérarchie entre les musiciens varie de manière significative selon les sociétés. L'ouvrage souligne ainsi les différences marquées entre les protagonistes, selon qu'ils sont hommes ou femmes, libres ou esclaves, inscrits dans une corporation ou non.
Oscan in the Greek alphabet
This is an exact reproduction of a book published before 1923. This is not an Ocr'd book with strange characters, introduced typographical errors, and jumbled words. This book may have occasional imperfections such as missing or blurred pages, poor pictures, errant marks, etc. that were either part of the original artifact, or were introduced by the scanning process. We believe this work is culturally important, and despite the imperfections, have elected to bring it back into print as part of our continuing commitment to the preservation of printed works worldwide. We appreciate your understanding of the imperfections in the preservation process, and hope you enjoy this valuable book.
Inscriptions and their uses in Greek and Latin literature
Annual report on Indian epigraphy
The royal inscriptions of Aššur-Nāṣir-Apli II (883-859 B.C.) : a study of the chronology of the Calah inscriptions together with an edition of two of these texts
The edicts of Asoka
Greek in Talmudic Palestine
Axōn : studies in honor of Ronald S. Stroud
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 8, The family of Constantine I A.D. 337-364
Some seventy years have passed since Prof. Saul Lieberman first published his seminal Greek in Jewish Palestine (1942), and over a hundred years since the appearance of Samuel Krauss' great "Lehnwörter", a dictionary- concordance of Greek and Latin loanwords in rabbinic literature (1899). In the ensuing period a wealth of papyrological and epigraphic material has been discovered, greatly enriching our knowledge of Koine Greek. Furthermore, many classic rabbinic texts are now available in critical editions, and newly discovered tracts have been published revealing additional lexical items, thus broadening the boundaries of our knowledge of rabbinic parlance. This study seeks to continue in the paths laid out by the earlier pioneers, adding lexical entries to Krauss' work, analyzing morphological changes in the process of loaning from one language to another, examining dialectical characteristics, patterns of corruption, and thus explaining many hitherto misunderstood passages in rabbinic literature. In addition, the study points to differing degrees of rabbinic bilingualism, noting greater and lesser concentrations of foreign words in different geographic areas, socio-economic strata and realms of social activity.
Roman frontier studies 1979 : papers presented to the 12th International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies
The first volume of the Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae covers the inscriptions of Jerusalem from the time of Alexander to the Arab conquest in all the languages used for inscriptions during those times: Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek, Latin, Syrian, and Armenian. The 1,120 texts have been arranged in categories based on three epochs: up to the destruction of Jerusalem in the year 70, to the beginning of the 4th century, and to the end of Byzantine rule in the 7th century.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 7, Constantine and Licinius A. D. 313-337
Ancestral Maya economies in archaeological perspective
Death and dynasty in early imperial Rome : key sources, with text, translation, and commentary
Gravestone and epigram : Greek memorials from the archaic and classical period
An epigraphic guide to Hierapolis (Palmukkale)
This third volume of the Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae includes inscriptions from the South Coast from the time of Alexander through the end of Byzantine rule in the 7th century. It includes all the languages used in the inscriptions of this period – Greek, Latin, Hebrew, Aramaic, Samaritan, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, and Nabataean. The 488 texts are classified according to city, from Tel Aviv in the north to Raphia in the South.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 4, part 3, Gordia III - Uranius Antoninus
Journal of the Epigraphical Society of India
This study of legio XX Valeria Victrix combines a personal, historical and archaeological approach to the study of the legion (roughly the first four centuries after Christ) as a whole. Epigraphic and historical evidence is presented for all those individuals known to have served with the Twentieth Legion in their various capacities. Sources are quoted, with translation, for each of these and significant details of the careers discussed. Further aspects of careers generally are considered at the end of the relevant sections. This corpus is supported by a number of indices - of nomenclature, origins, ranks, service and posts held in other units etc., as well as an index of primary sources. Other inscriptions attesting to the presence of the Twentieth legion and its activities in various quarters of the Empire are also collected and presented. This epigraphic evidence is drawn together with that of the archaeological and historical sources, and with the copious modern literature on the subject of the Roman Army, to present a history of the Twentieth Legion from its formation out of the legions of the civil wars of the late Republic, to its uncertain end in the changing conditions of the late third and fourth centuries. Particular emphasis is placed on the role of individuals and the light that their careers can shed on the history and activities of the legion. Studies on a number of other aspects of the history and organization of the legion are appended.
The cave of the nymphs at Pharsalus : studies on a Thessalian country shrine
Cave of the Nymphs at Pharsalus is the first book-length study of one of Greece's most cited nymph sanctuaries. The volume includes a revised catalog, extensive new commentaries on the cave's famous inscriptions, and a first-time investigation of the site's topographical and archaeological layout. Also known as Alogopati or Karapla cave, the Pharsalian shrine holds a special place among ancient nymph caves as the only such site to feature an inscribed poetic chronicle of the shrine's foundation and its founder, the mysterious nymph worshipper Pantalces. Based on years of fieldwork and archival research, Cave of the Nymphs challenges some commonly held views about the origin of this rock-cut 'tale' and offers a fresh perspective for understanding the Pharsalian cave in its proper historical context.
Artists and signatures in ancient Greece
"The author of the present book is different from many of the foreign or Romanian researchers who have dealt with the topic through her rich background, not only in linguistics, but also in history and epigraphy. This means that, before everything else, she ordered the epigraphic material and used correct readings. I am among those who believe that Latin epigraphy is not an independent science, not even an auxiliary one, but a research method through which one can access all compartments of Roman society and discover not only how people wrote, but also how they spoke Latin in a certain province. During the second and third centuries AD there were probably no clear differences yet between the ways of speaking Latin in the different areas of the Roman Empire, or we cannot see them now. Anyway, Dacia is worth taking into consideration not only through the number of known inscriptions, almost 5000 of them, but also through their complexity. Besides a large number of texts written according to official or fashionable formularies, there are juridical texts, like those on the wax tablets from Alburnus Maior, poetic texts, and some of the so-called «primitive» texts that best preserve the forms of Vulgar Latin from which the Romance languages have originated. The two extremes of epigraphy in Roman Dacia are undoubtedly the votorum carmen from Sarmizegetusa, that preserve archaic forms since the time of the Roman Republic, and the inscription on a brick from Gornea, the lexicon and contents of which still generate comments. The research of the morphology and syntax of such texts contributes to our knowledge of the Latin language spoken throughout the Roman Empire. In the future, new inscriptions will undoubtedly add new aspects to those revealed by the author here, but this is the fate of all studies of Antiquity. The accomplishment is not to find the whole truth, since this is impossible, but to search for it with competence and in the spirit of good faith. The author of this book is well prepared for such an initiative. Her deep knowledge of the classical languages and their development, her contact with the most recent specialized literature, her rigorous method, and the caution typical to her are the guarantee of success. I salute the publication of one of the most important books focusing on Latin epigraphy from Dacia and the Latin spoken in the provinces of the Empire." (Ioan Piso)
Supplementum Audollentianum
An epigraphical survey in the Kibyra-Olbasa region conducted by A. S. Hall
Epigraphia Indica
Roles for men and women in Roman epigraphic culture and beyond : gender, social identity and cultural practice in private Latin inscriptions and the literary record
Ancient Greek letter writing : a cultural history (600 BC-150 BC)
The recently appeared book of R. Varga is an important contribution of the Romanian historiography, the first synthesis about the peregrine society of the province of Dacia. The monograph is the published version of the author's Ph.D. thesis (Peregrini în Dacia romană 106–212) written between 2007 and 2012 with the supervision of prof. dr. Ioan Piso at the Babeş-Bolyai University, Cluj. This volume is a result of a long and fertile research program, marked by at least ten articles published in Romanian and international journals and collective volumes on the topic of onomastics, social history and Roman law.
Inscriptions convey meaning not just by their contents but also by other means, such as choice of script, location, scale, spatial organisation, letterform, legibility and clarity. The essays in this book consider these visual qualities of inscriptions, ranging across the Mediterranean and the Near East from Spain to Iran and beyond, including Norman Sicily, Islamic North Africa, Byzantium, medieval Italy, Georgia and Armenia. While most essays focus on Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages, they also look back at Achaemenid Iran and forward to Mughal India. Topics discussed include real and pseudo-writing, multilingual inscriptions, graffiti, writing disguised as images and images disguised as words. From public texts set up on mountainsides or on church and madrasa walls to intimate craftsmen's signatures, barely visible on the undersides of precious objects, the inscriptions discussed in this volume reveal their meanings as textual and visual devices.
This book offers the first comprehensive study of the funerary monuments made for the Roman emperors. These monuments, which include the Mausoleum of Augustus, Trajan's Column, and the Column of Marcus Aurelius, are among the best known and most extensively excavated and documented structures of Roman antiquity. Because of their diversity of forms and decorative programs, however, they have been examined in isolation from one another and from a limited number of perspectives. In this study, Penelope J. E. Davies examines these commemorative arches, obelisks and other types of architecture with a view to determining the political or ritual motivations behind their designs. She demonstrates that these monuments served a dual role, as memorials to the dead and as accession monuments that would guarantee dynastic continuity for the monarchy on the precarious occasion of the emperor's death.
The combination of portrait statue, monumental support, and public lettering was considered emblematic of Roman public space even in antiquity. This book examines ancient Roman statues and their bases, tombs, dedicatory altars, and panels commemorating gifts of civic beneficence made by the Augustales, civic groups composed primarily of wealthy ex-slaves. Margaret L. Laird examines how these monuments functioned as protagonists in their built and social environments by focusing on archaeologically attested commissions made by the Augustales in Roman Italian towns. Integrating methodologies from art history, architectural history, social history, and epigraphy with archaeological and sociological theories of community, she considers how dedications and their accompanying inscriptions created webs of association and transformed places of display into sites of local history. Understanding how these objects functioned in ancient cities, the book argues, illuminates how ordinary Romans combined public lettering, honorific portraits, emperor worship, and civic philanthropy to express their communal identities.
Archaic Greek epigram and dedication : representation and reperformance
The Epicurean inscription of Diogenes of Oinoanda : ten years of new discoveries and research
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIII, Including papers presented at the Conferences on Early Christian Iconography, held in Pécs, Hungary
This volume explores the creation of 'written spaces' through the accretion of monumental inscriptions and non-official graffiti in the Latin-speaking West between c.200 BC and AD 300. The shift to an epigraphic culture demonstrates new mentalities regarding the use of language, the relationship between local elites and the population, and between local elites and the imperial power. The creation of both official and non-official inscriptions is one of the most recognisable facets of the Roman city. The chapters of this book consider why urban populations created these written spaces and how these spaces in turn affected those urban civilisations. They also examine how these inscriptions interacted to create written spaces that could inculcate a sense of 'Roman-ness' into urban populations whilst also acting as a means of differentiating communities from each other. The volume includes new approaches to the study of political entities, social institutions, graffiti and painting, and the differing trajectories of written spaces in the cities of Roman Africa, Italy, Spain and Gaul.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 3, Antoninus Pius to Commodus
This volume offers the first comprehensive examination of an ancient writing system from Cyprus and Syria known as Cypro-Minoan. After Linear B was deciphered by Michael Ventris in 1952, other un-deciphered scripts of the second millennium BC from the Aegean world (Linear A) and the Eastern Mediterranean (Cypro-Minoan) became the focus of those trying to crack this ancient and historical code. Despite several attempts for both syllabaries, this prospect has remained unrealized. This is especially true for Cypro-Minoan, the script of Late Bronze Age Cyprus found also at Ugarit in Syria, which, counting no more than 250 inscriptions, remains not only poorly documented, but also insufficiently explored in previous scholarship. Today progress in the study of this enigmatic script demands that we direct our attention to gaining new insight through a contextual analysis of Cypro-Minoan by tracing its life in the archaeological record and investigating its purpose and significance in the Cypriot and Syrian settlements that created and used it. With a new methodology concentrating on a ground-breaking contextual approach, Ferrara presents the first large-scale study of Cypro-Minoan with an analysis of all the inscriptions through a multidisciplinary perspective that embraces aspects of archaeology, epigraphy, and palaeography.
In this volume, Milnor considers how the fragments of textual graffiti which survive on the walls of the Roman city of Pompeii reflect and refract the literary world from which they emerged. Focusing in particular on the writings which either refer to or quote canonical authors directly, Milnor uncovers the influence - in diction, style, or structure - of elite Latin literature as the Pompeian graffiti show significant connections with familiar authors such as Ovid, Propertius, and Virgil. While previous scholarship has described these fragments as popular distortions of well-known texts, Milnor argues that they are important cultural products in their own right, since they are able to give us insight into how ordinary Romans responded to and sometimes rewrote works of canonical literature. Additionally, since graffiti are at once textual and material artefacts, they give us the opportunity to see how such writings gave meaning to, and were given meaning by, the ancient urban environment. Ultimately, the volume looks in detail at the role and nature of 'popular' literature in the early Roman Empire and the place of poetry in the Pompeian cityscape.
The Roman imperial coinage. Vol. 4, part 2, Macrinus to Pupienus
Cypro-Minoan inscriptions. Vol. 2, Corpus
The bleak steppe and rolling highlands of inner Anatolia were one of the most remote and underdeveloped parts of the Roman empire. Still today, for most historians of the Roman world, ancient Phrygia largely remains terra incognita. Yet thanks to a startling abundance of Greek and Latin inscriptions on stone, the cultural history of the villages and small towns of Roman Phrygia is known to us in vivid and unexpected detail. Few parts of the Mediterranean world offer so rich a body of evidence for rural society in the Roman Imperial and late antique periods, and for the flourishing of ancient Christianity within this landscape. The eleven essays in this book offer new perspectives on the remarkable culture, lifestyles, art and institutions of the Anatolian uplands in antiquity.
The historical inscriptions of southern India (collected till 1923) : and outlines of political history
Dialogue form in Greek verse inscriptions with some non-inscriptional parallels
The ascia symbol on Latin epitaphs
Granite funerary stelae from Augusta Emerita
Graffiti and the literary landscape in Roman Pompeii
The decrees of the Greek states
The temple of Hibis in El Khārgeh Oasis. Part 2, Greek inscriptions
State pilgrims and sacred observers in Ancient Greece : a study of theōriā and theō‍roi
Columbarium tombs are among the most recognizable forms of Roman architecture and also among the most enigmatic. The subterranean collective burial chambers have repeatedly sparked the imagination of modern commentators, but their origins and function remain obscure. Columbarium Tombs and Collective Identity in Augustan Rome situates columbaria within the development of Roman funerary architecture and the historical context of the early Imperial period. Contrary to earlier scholarship that often interprets columbaria primarily as economic burial solutions, Dorian Borbonus shows that they defined a community of people who were buried and commemorated collectively. Many of the tomb occupants were slaves and freed slaves, for whom collective burial was one strategy of community building that counterbalanced their exclusion in Roman society. Columbarium tombs were thus sites of social interaction that provided their occupants with a group identity that, this book shows, was especially relevant during the social and cultural transformation of the Augustan era.
An introduction to Greek epigraphy of the Hellenistic and Roman periods from Alexander the Great down to the reign of Constantine (323 B. C. - A. D. 337)
Cult and Koinon in Hellenistic Thessaly
A list of Greek verse inscriptions, c. 400-300 B.C. : with addenda et corrigenda to CEG (LGVI 2)
Epigraphy, numismatics, prosopography and history of ancient Cyprus : papers in honour of Ino Nicolaou
This monograph is an epigraphic study of the Roman auxiliary units raised on the Iberian Peninsula based on a corpus of over 750 inscriptions. It presents the literary and epigraphic evidence for late Republican allied and auxiliary forces and for the structure of imperial auxiliary units. It then examines the recruiting practices of the auxilia, the settlement of veterans, and the evidence for the personal relationships of the soldiers enlisted in these units as they are recorded in the epigraphic record, including inscriptions on stone and military diplomas.
Jewish inscriptions of Western Europe. Vol. 1, Italy (excluding the City of Rome), Spain and Gaul
Brickstamps of Constantinople provides archaeologists and historians with the first major catalogue and analysis of stamped bricks manufactured in Constantinople and its vicinity in the Late Roman and Early Byzantine periods. The catalogue assembles not only all previously published stamps but also a large amount of unpublished material in archives and museum collections. Most of the variant stamps are illustrated with a sketch, drawing or photograph. The text discusses the organization of the brickmaking industry and the purpose of brickstamping, and establishes for the first time a chronological framework for the material. On the basis of the conclusions, dates are proposed for previously undated structures in the city, and revised dates are given for other monuments.
The formula for the grant of enktesis in Attic inscriptions. Jan Pečirka
This pioneering volume approaches the languages and scripts of ancient Cyprus from an interdisciplinary point of view, with a primarily linguistic and epigraphic approach supplemented by a consideration of their historical and cultural context. The focus is on furthering our knowledge of the non-Greek languages/scripts, as well as appreciating their place in relation to the much better understood Greek language on the island. Following on from recent advances in Cypro-Minoan studies, these difficult, mostly Late Bronze Age inscriptions are reassessed from first principles. The same approach is taken for non-Greek languages written in the Cypriot Syllabic script during the first millennium BC, chiefly the one usually referred to as Eteocypriot. The final section is then dedicated to the Phoenician language, which was in use on Cyprus for some hundreds of years. The result is a careful reappraisal of these languages/scripts after more than a century of sometimes controversial scholarship.
A companion to linear B : Mycenaean Greek texts and their world. Vol. 3
Over the past 20 years, Boeotia has been the focus of intensive archaeological investigation that has resulted in some extraordinary epigraphical finds. The most spectacular discoveries are presented for the first time in this volume: dozens of inscribed sherds from the Theban shrine of Heracles; Archaic temple accounts; numerous Classical, Hellenistic and Roman epitaphs; a Plataean casualty list; a dedication by the legendary king Croesus. Other essays revisit older epigraphical finds from Aulis, Chaironeia, Lebadeia, Thisbe, and Megara, radically reassessing their chronology and political and legal implications. The integration of old and new evidence allows for a thorough reconsideration of wider historical questions, such as ethnic identities, and the emergence, rise, dissolution, and resuscitation of the famous Boeotian koinon.
Eleusis, the inscriptions on stone : 2. Commentary : documents of the Sanctuary of the Two Goddesses and public documents of the Deme
The epigraphy and history of Boeotia : new finds, new prospects
An index to the Griechische Vers-Inschriften : (ed. W. Peek, Berlin 1955)
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
The decipherment of linear B
Statues and cities : honorific portraits and civic identity in the Hellenistic world
Aeschylus at Gela : an integrated approach
Boubon : the inscriptions and archaeological remains ; a survey 2004-2006
Arabic medieval inscriptions from the Republic of Mali : epigraphy, chronicles and Songhay-Tuāreg history
Studia epigraphica : in memoriam Gezá Alföldy
Fragmentary decrees from the Athenian Agora
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
