http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8711 postcolonialism
postcolonialism
"12 new essays evaluating Agamben's work from a postcolonial perspective. Svirsky and Bignall assemble leading figures to explore the rich philosophical linkages and the political concerns shared by Agamben and postcolonial theory. Agamben's theories of the 'state of exception' and 'bare life' are situated in critical relation to the existence of these phenomena in the colonial/postcolonial world. * Features an international set of expert contributors who approach postcolonial criticism from an interdisciplinary perspective * Deals with colonial and postcolonial issues in Russia, Israel and Palestine, Africa the Americas, Asia and Australia * Offers new insights on colonial exclusion, racism and postcolonial democracy * A timely intervention to debates in poststructuralist, postcolonial and postmodern studies for students of politics, critical theory and social & political philosophy" -Publisher's description.
Postmodernism, postcoloniality and African studies
"Local Histories/Global Designs" is an extended argument about the "coloniality" of power by one of the most innovative Latin American and Latino scholars. In a shrinking world where sharp dichotomies, such as East/West and developing/developed, blur and shift, Walter Mignolo points to the inadequacy of current practices in the social sciences and area studies. He explores the crucial notion of "colonial difference" in the study of the modern colonial world and traces the emergence of an epistemic shift, which he calls "border thinking". Further, he expands the horizons of those debates already under way in postcolonial studies of Asia and Africa by dwelling in the genealogy of thoughts of South/Central America, the Caribbean, and Latino/as in the United States. His concept of "border gnosis", or sensing and knowing by dwelling in imperial/colonial borderlands, counters the tendency of occidentalist perspectives to manage, and thus limit, understanding. In a new preface that discusses "Local Histories/Global Designs" as a dialogue with Hegel's Philosophy of History, Mignolo connects his argument with the unfolding of history in the first decade of the twenty-first centu
Edward Said's translocations : essays in secular criticism
Balayi : culture, law and colonialism. Vol. 6.
Lifting the sentence : a poetics of postcolonial fiction
Postcolonial subjectivities in Africa
Postcolonialism : an historical introduction
Teachers' dispositions towards diversity: Deficit theorization and educational inequalities
Sex trafficking in postcolonial literature : transnational narratives from Joyce to Bolaño
Decolonizing the stage : theatrical syncretism and post-colonial drama
Postcolonial theology
Postcolonial perspectives on the European high north : unscrambling the Arctic
The Atlantic literary review : [special issue]. Vol. 3, No. 2, April-June 2002, Special issue on past and present in post/colonial literatures
Postcolonial studies meets media studies : a critical encounter
"This book examines the role of music in British-South Asian postcolonial literature, asking how music relates to the construction of postcolonial identity. It focuses on novels that explore the postcolonial condition in India, Pakistan, and the United Kingdom: Vikram Seth's A Suitable Boy, Amit Chaudhuri's Afternoon Raag, Suhayl Saadi's Psychoraag, Hanif Kureishi's The Buddha of Suburbia and The Black Album, and Salman Rushdie's The Ground Beneath Her Feet, with reference to other texts, such as E.M. Forster's A Passage to India and Vikram Seth's An Equal Music. The analyzed novels feature different kinds of music, from Indian classical to non-classical traditions, and from Western classical music to pop music and rock 'n' roll. Music is depicted as a cultural artifact and as a purely aestheticized art form at the same time. As a cultural artifact, music derives meaning from its socio-cultural context of production and serves as a frame of reference to explore postcolonial identities on their own terms. As purely aesthetic art, music escapes its contextual meaning. The transgressive qualities of music render it capable of expressing identities irrespective of origin and politics of location. Thereby, music in the novels marks a very productive space to imagine the postcolonial nation and to rewrite imperial history, to express the cultural hybridity of characters in-between nations, to analyze the state of the nation and life in the multicultural diaspora of contemporary Great Britain, and to explore the ramifications of cultural globalization versus cultural imperialism. It will be a useful research and teaching tool for those interested in postcolonial literature, music studies, cultural studies, contemporary literature and South-Asian literature"--
Modern drama. Vol. 38, number 1, special issue, Postcolonialism
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
The nation and its fragments : colonial and postcolonial histories
"The Future of Postcolonial Studies celebrates the twenty-fifth anniversary of the publication of The Empire Writes Back by the now famous troika - Bill Ashcroft, Gareth Griffiths and Helen Tiffin. When The Empire Writes Back first appeared in 1989, it put postcolonial cultures and their post-invasion narratives on the map. This vibrant collection of fifteen chapters by both established and emerging scholars taps into this early mapping while merging these concerns with present trends which have been grouped as: comparing, converting, greening, post-queering and utopia. The postcolonial is a centrifugal force that continues to energize globalization, transnational, diaspora, area and queer studies. Spanning the colonial period from the 1860s to the present, The Future of Postcolonial Studies ventures into other postcolonies outside of the Anglophone purview. In reassessing the nation-state, language, race, religion, sexuality, the environment, and the very idea of 'the future,' this volume reasserts the notion that postcolonial is an "anticipatory discourse" and bears testimony to the driving energy and thus the future of postcolonial studies"--
The labours of learning : education in the postcolony
The postcolonial world
Kipling and beyond : patriotism, globalisation and postcolonialism
The Routledge companion to postcolonial studies
The postcolonial city and its subjects : London, Nairobi, Bombay
Review: "The Original Explosion That Created Worlds” : Essays on Werewere
Post-colonial critique and the politics of writing women's history
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Marxism, modernity, and postcolonial studies
The Booker prize and the legacy of empire
From the colonial to the postcolonial : India and Pakistan in transition
Reflections from a contact / conflict zone : highly educated women's views on family life in Nairobi, Kenya
This Discussion Paper draws attention to the often overlooked aspects of the limits, poverty and contradictions embedded in the "unfinished business" of the Zimbabwe nation state project. It is located within the broader context of the crisis of the nation-state in an African continent increasingly buffeted by waves of globalisation. It also revisits the debate on whether postcolonial nationalism can completely avoid reproducing the racial and ethnic discrimination that characterised its colonial past. Zeroing in on Zimbabwe, the paper argues that the nation-state crisis has roots in the legacy of settler colonialism, the ethnic fragmentation that marked the history of the liberation movement and the character of the nationalist elite. Its critique of the politics of the nationalist and political elite, the Lancaster House Agreement, the National Democratic Revolution and the Global Political Agreement makes this paper an important contribution to the debates on the real legacy of the liberation struggle in Zimbabwe and the prospects for a common national identity based on nationalism, social justice, inclusive democracy and development in the country.
Relating indigenous and settler identities : beyond domination
Postcolonial theatres
"Down there" and "up here" : Europe's others' in Norwegian feature stories
Re-presenting the Johannine community : a postcolonial perspective
The Oxford handbook of postcolonial studies
Postcolonialism and the Hebrew Bible : the next step
Music and identity in postcolonial British South-Asian literature
Postcolonial resistance : culture, liberation and transformation
"In 1963, Kenya gained independence from Britain, ending nearly seventy years of white colonial rule. While tens of thousands of whites relocated outside Kenya for what they hoped would be better prospects, many stayed. Over the past decade, however, protests, scandals, and upheavals have unsettled families with colonial origins, reminding them of the tenuousness of their Kenyan identity. In this book, Janet McIntosh looks at the lives and dilemmas of settler descendants living in postindependence Kenya. From clinging to a lost colonial identity to embracing a new Kenyan nationality, the public face of white Kenyans has undergone changes fraught with ambiguity. Drawing on fieldwork and interviews, McIntosh focuses on their discourses and narratives, asking: What stories do settler descendants tell about their claims to belong in Kenya? How do they situate themselves vis-a-vis the colonial past and anticolonial sentiment, phrasing and rephrasing their memories and judgments as they seek a position they feel is ethically acceptable? With her respondents straining to defend their entitlements in the face of mounting Kenyan rhetorics of ancestry and autochthony, McIntosh explores their contradictory and diverse responses: moral double consciousness, aspirations to uplift the nation, ideological blind spots, denial, and self-doubt. Ranging from land rights to language, from romantic intimacy to the African occult, Unsettled offers a unique perspective on whiteness in a postcolonial context and a groundbreaking theory of elite subjectivity"--Provided by publisher.
The nation across the world : postcolonial literary representatives
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Genocide. Vol. 5, Post-colonial and imperial-genocide
Canada and the end of empire
The new expatriates : postcolonial approaches to mobile professionals
Nation in imagination : essays on nationalism, sub-nationalisms and narration
Transgressing boundaries : essays on postcolonial literature
Construction of identity in British and Indian cinema : a postcolonial approach
Indian arrivals 1870-1915 : networks of British empire
Memory in flesh
Postcolonialism and development
Rewriting India : eight writers
Interdisciplinary measures : literature and the future of postcolonial studies
This title is about 20th and 21st-century literary and cultural formations of the postcolonial city and the constitution of new subjects within it. Varma offers a reading of both historical and contemporary debates on urbanism through the filter of postcolonial fictions and the cultural fields surrounding and containing them.
Parks and people in postcolonial societies : experiences in Southern Africa
Comparing postcolonial literatures : dislocations
Colonialism and landscape : postcolonial theory and applications
Postcolonial asylum : seeking sanctuary before the law
Sciences from below : feminisms, postcolonialities, and modernities
Nanyo-orientalism : Japanese representations of the Pacific
Discourses of empire and commonwealth
Exploring postcolonial biblical criticism : history, method, practice
Empires and Boundaries: Rethinking Race, Class, and Gender in Colonial Settings is an exciting collection of original essays exploring the meaning and existence of conflicting and coexisting hierarchies in colonial settings. With investigations into the colonial past of a diversity of regions – including South Asia, South-East Asia, and Africa – the dozen notable international scholars collected here offer a truly inter-disciplinary approach to understanding the structures and workings of power in British, French, Dutch, German, and Italian colonial contexts. Integrating a historical approach with perspectives and theoretical tools specific to disciplines such as social anthropology, literary and film studies, and gender studies, Empires and Boundaries: Rethinking Race, Class, and Gender in Colonial Settings,is a striking and ambitious contribution to the scholarship of imperialism and post-colonialism and an essential read for anyone interested in the revolution being undergone in these fields of study.
An introduction to post-colonial theatre
Afroeuropean cartographies
Australian Fiction as Archival Salvage examines key developments in the field of the Australian postcolonial historical novel from 1989 to the present. In parallel with this analysis, A. Frances Johnson undertakes a unique study of in-kind creativity, reflecting on how her own nascent historical fiction has been critically and imaginatively shaped and inspired by seminal experiments in the genre – by writers as diverse as Kate Grenville, Mudrooroo, Kim Scott, Peter Carey, Richard Flanagan, and Rohan Wilson. Mapping the postcolonial novel against the impact of postcolonial cultural theory and Australian writers’ intermittent embrace of literary postmodernism, this survey is also read against the post-millenial ‘history’ and ‘culture wars’ which saw politicizations of national debates around history and fierce contestation over the ways stories of Australian pasts have been written.
What is a world? : on postcolonial literature as world literature
Nostalgia for the future : West Africa after the Cold War
Laughter, postcolonial discourse and anthropological representation : essay
Bodies and voices : the force-field of representation and discourse in colonial and postcolonial studies
History and cultural theory
Planetary modernisms : provocations on modernity across time
Voices of the other : children's literature and the postcolonial context
Estonianism in a Finnish organization : essays on culture, identity and otherness
Can non-Europeans think?
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
The future of postcolonial studies
American studies today : new research agendas
The French intifada : the long war between France and its Arabs
Not like a native speaker : on languaging as a postcolonial experience
Examing the "help imperative" in international education
"At present, the bulk of the existing research on sex trafficking originates in the social sciences. Sex Trafficking in Postcolonial Literature adds an original perspective on this issue by examining representations of sex trafficking in postcolonial literature.This book is a sustained interdisciplinary study bridging postcolonial literature, in English and Spanish, and sex trafficking, as analyzed through literary theory, anthropology, sociology, history, trauma theory, journalism, and globalization studies. It encompasses postcolonial theory and literature's aesthetic analysis of sex trafficking together with research from social sciences, psychology, anthropology, and economics with the intention of offering a comprehensive analysis of the topic beyond the type of Orientalist discourse so prevalent in the media. This is an important and innovative resource for scholars in literature, postcolonial studies, gender studies, human rights and global justice. "--
Throughout the twentieth century, the realist novel has developed in idiosyncratic, heterodox and unruly forms. As many writers have recognized, the elaborate description and assured perspective of a Balzac or Eliot no longer suit the times: how can the description of a banana in a fruit basket tell us anything about the intricacies of conquest and exploitation that carried it halfway across the globe? Thus, the best contemporary realism employs linguistic and formal experimentation in its portrayal. Nicholas Robinette argues that a kind of realist backbeat structures the cacophony of perspectives, moods, philosophical excursions, and linguistic density of novels like Nuruddin Farah's Sweet and Sour Milk and George Lamming's The Emigrants. Realism, Form and the Postcolonial Novel recovers this underlying realism and shows how the postcolonial novel has employed formal experiment in order to map our social experience. -- Provided by publisher.
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
Empires as political entities may be a thing of the past, but as a concept, empire is alive and kicking. From heritage tourism and costume dramas to theories of the imperial idea(l): empire sells. Post-Empire Imaginaries? This book presents innovative scholarship on the lives and legacies of empires in diverse media such as literature, film, advertising, and the visual arts. Though rooted in real space and history, the post-empire and its twin, the post-imperial, emerge as ungraspable ideational constructs. The volume convincingly establishes empire as welcoming resistance and affirmation, introducing post-empire imaginaries as figurations that connect the archives and repertoires of colonial nostalgia, postcolonial critique, post-imperial dreaming.
Edward Said and critical decolonization
Design in the borderlands
Postcolonial theory in the global age : interdisciplinary essays
While the possibility of producing a de-colonized, post colonial knowledge in development studies became a subject of considerable debate in the 1990s, there has been little dialog between post colonialism and development. However, the need for development studies that is post colonial in theory and practice is now increasingly acknowledged. This means recognizing the significance of language and representation, the power of development discourse and its material effects on the lives of people subject to development policies. It also means acknowledging the already post colonial world of development in which contemporary re workings of theory and practice, such as grassroots and participatory development, indigenous knowledges and global resistance movements, inform post colonial theory."Postcolonialism and Development" explains, reviews and critically evaluates recent debates about post colonial approaches and their implications for development studies. By outlining contemporary theoretical debates and examining their implications for how the developing world is thought about, written about and engaged with in policy terms, this book unpacks the difficult, complex and important aspects of the relationship between post colonial approaches and development studies, making them accessible, interesting and relevant to both students and researchers.Each chapter builds an understanding of post colonial approaches, their historical divergences from development studies and more recent convergences around issues such as discourses of development, knowledge, and power and agency within development. Up-to-date illustrations and examples from across the regions of the world bring to life important theoretical and conceptual issues. This topical book outlines an agenda for theory and practice within a post colonial development studies and illustrates how, while post colonialism and development pose significant mutual challenges, both are potentially enriched by each others insights and approaches.
Post-colonial studies : the essential glossary
Does modernization mean westernization? : a comparative study of two novels from the late 19th to early 20th centuries by Chinua Achebe and Ch'ien Chung-shu
At the crossroads : readings of the postcolonial and the global in African literature and visual art
The many voices of English : an anthology of postcolonial short stories with additional material
Postcolonial life narratives : testimonial transactions
Social invisibility and diasporas in Anglophone literature and culture : the fractal gaze
Postcolonial Europe? : essays on post-communist literatures and cultures
Measures of expatriation
Betweener talk : decolonizing knowledge production, pedagogy, and praxis
Variation and change in postcolonial contexts
The Narrative Mediterranean : Beyond France and the Maghreb
Postmodern literature and race
“Contact Zones” in Finnish (intercultural) education
Colonial and postcolonial discourse in the novels of Yŏm Sang-sŏp, Chinua Achebe and Salman Rushdie
Postcolonial agency : critique and constructivism
This book reclaims postcolonial theory, addressing persistent limitations in the geographical, disciplinary, and methodological assumptions of its dominant formations. It emerges, however, from an investment in the future of postcolonial studies and a commitment to its basic premise: namely, that literature and culture are fundamental to the response to structures of colonial and imperial domination. To a certain extent, postcolonial theory is a victim of its own success, not least because of the institutionalization of the insights that it has enabled. Now that these insights no longer seem new, it is hard to know what the field should address beyond its general commitments. Yet the renewal of popular anti-imperial energies across the globe provides an important opportunity to reassert the political and theoretical value of the postcolonial as a comparative, interdisciplinary, and oppositional paradigm. This collection makes a claim for what postcolonial theory can say through the work of scholars articulating what it still cannot or will not say. It explores ideas that a more aesthetically sophisticated postcolonial theory might be able to address, focusing on questions of visibility, performance, and literariness. Contributors highlight some of the shortcomings of current postcolonial theory in relation to contemporary political developments such as Zimbabwean land reform, post communism, and the economic rise of Asia. Finally, they address the disciplinary, geographical, and methodological exclusions from postcolonial studies through a detailed focus on new disciplinary directions (management studies, international relations, disaster studies), overlooked locations and perspectives (Palestine, Weimar Germany, the commons), and the necessity of materialist analysis for understanding both the contemporary world and world literary systems.
Sexuality and contemporary literature
From sovietology to postcoloniality : Poland and Ukraine from a postcolonial perspective
Imaginary Europes : literary and filmic representations of Europe from afar
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
The end of the West and other cautionary tales
Unsettled : denial and belonging among white Kenyans
"Postmodern Literature and Race explores the question of how dramatic shifts in conceptions of race in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries have been addressed by writers at the cutting edge of equally dramatic transformations of literary form. An opening section engages with the broad question of how the geographical and political positioning of experimental writing informs its contribution to racial discourses, while later segments focus on central critical domains within this field: race and performativity, race and the contemporary nation, and postracial futures. With essays on a wide range of contemporary writers, including Bernadine Evaristo, Alasdair Grey, Jhumpa Lahiri, Andrea Levy, and Don DeLillo, this volume makes an important contribution to our understanding of the politics and aesthetics of contemporary writing"--
Local histories/global designs : coloniality, subaltern knowledges, and border thinking
Death in the Congo : murdering Patrice Lumumba
Mediterranean modernism : intercultural exchange and aesthetic development
This collection in part examines the legacy of the consummate Nigerian stage artist and scholar, Esiaba Irobi (1960–2010). Poems, tributes, and studies celebrate Irobi’s significance as actor, playwright, director, poet, and theatre theorist. Irobi’s life, temper, times, and career are inextricably linked to the history, development, concerns, and uses of drama and theatre in Africa. The contributions highlight the evolution of autochthonous theatrical practices: the interaction between Western and indigenous African performance traditions; colonial/postcolonial government policies and the mutations of drama and theatre (and critical commentary); the tensions inherent in postcolonial conceptions of history, identity, nationhood, and articulations of alternative aesthetics, pedagogies, and epistemologies for postcolonial African theatre; staging African plays in the West; and the constituencies of the contemporary African playwright and director. The strength of these studies derives primarily from nuanced examinations of the concerns and careers of particular African playwrights; the history, offerings, and fortunes of particular theatrical arenas, and close explorations of specific performances and texts. The foregrounding of correspondences in the dramaturgies and intellectual ferment of the continent critically accentuates equally privileged regional, historical, and other crucial specificities. Situated in time and place while underscoring the political and intellectual intersections of a shared history of colonialism, the contributions to 'Syncretic arenas', individually and collectively, reveal the transformations and growing strengths of postcolonialism as an analytical strategy.
Frantz Fanon and the future of cultural politics : finding something different
Over the last thirty years, feminist, postcolonial and queer theorists have interrogated the ways in which sexuality is conceptualized and constructed, specifically with the intention of deconstructing essentialist notions of sexuality and identity formation. Yet, while recent theoretical interventions have re-situated sexuality as a historical and social category--allowing us to see how ideas about sexuality are linked to forms of power and other hegemonic categories of identity and subjectivity like class, race, gender and nationality--sexuality remains a contentious subject. In critically examining the plural representations of sexuality in contemporary literature, this book has a distinctly global emphasis, containing essays that interrogate sexuality in the work of not only a number of mainstream American and British writers but also less well-known writers from New Zealand and Canada. All of the chapters owe primary intellectual and theoretical debts to three broad and overlapping domains of critical scholarship and practice: feminism, queer theory, and postcolonial studies. As the first critical collection of essays to consider the representation of sexuality across such a wide variety of contemporary writing, Sexuality and Contemporary Literature analytically foregrounds insights into the historical and current arrangements of sexuality that contemporary literature provides, while also inviting the reader to imagine other possibilities for the future that literary texts open up. Sexuality and Contemporary Literature is an important book for literary and cultural studies collections.
Postcolonial studies : an anthology
Working with processes of translocation enabled Edward Said to point out interdependence and complementarity across geographical borders and disciplinary boundaries while recognizing cultural difference and the distinct historical experiences of colonizer and colonized. This book brings into focus Said's politics of reading, from his literary criticism in English to his political columns in Arabic. The international contributors--from Britain, Egypt, France, Germany, India, Switzerland, and the United States--investigate his intellectual legacies without necessarily identifying themselves with the critical positions these involve. Instead of treating his work as a unitary theoretical system, the various arguments explored offer a critical assessment of those situations in which his writing has entered into a productive relationship with other theoretical positions and interlocutors. The collection considers location, which has always been a central category in and for Said's writing; readings, which designates the acts by which, according to Said, the world comes to be constituted; and legacies, which pertains to the many fields across the boundaries of established academic disciplines that have taken up Said's challenges. The critical positions visited in this book include critical and cultural theory, postcolonialism, literary studies, theatre and performance studies, and visual and music studies.
Merantau : the Moluccan memory machine?
"The individual contributions to this volume, capped by a useful critical introduction, provoke thought towards a more disciplinarily-open and affectively-engaged theory, one that is alert to the shifting transnational flows and changing regional realities of our global era"--Professor Robbie B. H. Goh, National University of Singapore".
Towards more ethical engagements in North–South education sector partnerships
Literary production is increasingly shaped by globalization and the complex nature of cultural, political, and social interaction. As such, longstanding colonial and postcolonial relations between Africa and Europe have yielded a range of challenging questions, and new generations of writers with roots in Africa have invariably found themselves navigating new geographic terrains and negotiating racialized identities, while simultaneously exploring the potential of literature in addressing these historical transitions. Linguistic challenges often accompany writing in global diasporic settings and are usually closely tied to colonial influence. More recently, however, authors residing in geographic spaces outside of colonially-defined migratory spaces have also been confronted with alternative challenges as they endeavour to translate experience. Building on, and in dialogue with, existing scholarship in related fields, and alongside discussions of Caribbean, French, and North African literature, individual chapters in Afroeuropean Cartographies offer a multi-sited, transnational, and interdisciplinary framework with which to consider the increasing pertinence of critical categories such as Afroeuropeanism or Afropeanism, and how these might assist in circumscribing the diverse influences shaping literary production. Afroeuropean authors consider the demands and exigencies associated with life in Europe, while also revealing the multiple ways in which identities are necessarily being redefined. In addition, they emphasize the historical dimension of these relationships, suggest how co-existence could be achieved, and delineate the coordinates of a larger project of communal existence and twenty-first century community-building. Afroeuropean Cartographies points to the vibrancy, ingenuity, creativity, and capacity of writers to imagine the contours of a diverse and inclusive Europe, underscoring the ways in which the concerns and objectives of Afroeuropeans are inseparable from Europeans' own reckoning with colonial history and its legacy, and, of course, from the broader project of Europeanization.
Vernacular worlds, cosmopolitan imagination
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Exegesis in the making : postcolonialism and New Testament studies
Shifting continents/colliding cultures : diaspora writing of the Indian subcontinent
Decolonizing Yahweh : A Postcolonial Reading of 2 Kings 24-25
Agamben and colonialism
Literature's sensuous geographies : postcolonial matters of place
Late modern Palestine : the subject and representation of the second intifada
Political theories of decolonization : postcolonialism and the problem of foundations
This collection addresses broad questions of ethics and aesthetics in the framework of vernacular cosmopolitanism. With a common anthropological focus, the essays map literary and artistic practices involving cross-cultural transactions shaped by social forces, institutions, and the multiple mediations of the imagination. Some essays are based on community-based fieldwork, while all encompass an affective immersion in the places we inhabit, and the claims these make on the body’s intelligibility. The authors consider the role of artists, writers, and literary scholars as cultural actors in a variety of settings, grassroots, regional, trans-regional, and global. Topics include: the role of social and cultural activism; the problematic dimensions of national belonging; the plurality of knowledge-systems and inter-language environ-mental learning in South Africa; the vernacular imagination in Papua New Guinea Anglophone fiction; pulp fiction and chick lit in India; transformative artistic motifs of Australia’s nomadic Tiwi community; life writing as a reconfiguring of postcolonial or cosmopolitan paradigms; southern African supernatural belief-systems and the malign magic of the global economy; Canadian First Nations literature read against the struggle for self-determination by India’s castes and scheduled tribes; feral animals in relation to the indigenous exotic; and the imbrication of the vernacular, national, colonial, and cosmopolitan in perceptions of homecoming in the eastern Mediterranean. The collection as a whole thus provides manifestations of poesis in relation to theory and praxis and articulates perspectives that expand, challenge, strengthen, and renew the potential for growth in contemporary world literature and culture.
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
Postcolonial aura : Third World criticism in the age of global capitalism
Austere histories in European societies : social exclusion and the contest of colonial memories
Critics and writers speak : revisioning post-colonial studies
This guide places the literary works themselves at the centre of its discussions, examining how writers from Africa, Australasia, the Caribbean, Canada, Ireland, and South Asia have engaged with the challenges that beset postcolonial societies. Dave Gunning discusses many of the most-studied works of postcolonial literature, from Chinua Achebe’s Things Fall Apart to Salman Rushdie’s The Satanic Verses, as well as works by more recent writers like Chris Abani, Tahmima Anam and Shani Mootoo. Each chapter explores a key theme through drawing together works from various times and places. The book concludes with an extensive guide to further reading and tips on how to write about postcolonial literature successfully. Key Features Close analysis of texts including, Sam Selvon’s The Lonely Londoners, J.M Coetzee’s Disgrace, Roddy Doyle’s A Star Called Henry, Shani Mootoo’s Cereus Blooms at Night, Tsitsi Dangarembga’s Nervous Conditions, Zadie Smith’s White Teeth, Mohsin Hamid’s The Reluctant Fundamentalist, Tahmima Anam’s A Golden Age, Michael Ondaatje’s Anil’s Ghost, and Amitav Ghosh’s In an Antique Land, as well as poetry by Derek Walcott, Eavan Boland, Agha Shahid Ali, Chris Abani and others. Discusses important new themes in postcolonial literature including global Islam, postcolonial sexualities and the representation of military conflict. Includes a Chronology, a Guide to Further Reading, and Tips on Writing about Postcolonial Literature.
Translating the voices of theory = La traduction des voix de la théorie
Citizen and stranger : a study of second generation postcolonial immigrants in France
The national artifice
Britain in Cyprus : colonialism and post-colonialism 1878 - 2006
Cannibal writes : eating others in Caribbean and Indian Ocean women's writing
The book brings together experts from Media and Communication Studies with Postcolonial Studies scholars to illustrate how the two fields may challenge and enrich each other. Its essays introduce readers to selected topics including »Media Convergence«, »Transcultural Subjectivity«, »Hegemony«, »Piracy« and »Media History and Colonialism«. Drawing on examples from film, literature, music, TV and the internet, the contributors investigate the transnational dimensions in today's media, engage with local and global media politics and discuss media outlets as economic agents, thus illustrating mechanisms of power in postcolonial and neo-colonial mediascapes.
Empires and Boundaries : Rethinking Race, Class and Gender in Colonial Settings
Coloniality at large : Latin America and the postcolonial debate
Defence and decolonisation in Southeast Asia : Britain, Malaya and Singapore, 1941-68
Post-colonial theory and literatures : African, Caribbean and South Asia
The postcolonial challenge : towards alternative worlds
Beyond calypso : re-reading Samuel Selvon
Grassroots post-modernism : remaking the soil of cultures
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
Syncretic arenas : essays on postcolonial African drama and theatre for Esiaba Irobi
"You come-come, memsaab" : code-switching in Sherni (1988), Raja Hindustani (1996) and Dus (2005)
Addressing a neglected dimension in postcolonial scholarship, the author examines the figure of the postcolonial intellectual as repeatedly evoked by the fabled troika of Said, Spivak, and Bhabha and by members of the pan-African diaspora such as Cabral, Fanon, and James.
Rethinking mission in the postcolony : salvation, society, and subversion
Postcolonial Life Narrative draws together two dynamic fields of contemporary literature and criticism, postcolonialism and life narrative, to create a new assemblage: postcolonial life narrative. Focusing in particular on testimonial narrative, from slave narrative in the late eighteenth century to contemporary Anglophone life narrative from Africa, Australia, the Caribbean, Palestine, North America, and India, this study follows texts on the move through adaptation, appropriation, and remediation. For postcolonial subjects life narrative offers extraordinary opportunities to present accounts of social injustice and oppression, of violence and social suffering. Testimonial narrative can reach across cultures to produce intimate attachments between those who testify and those who bear witness to legacies of apartheid, slavery, rape warfare, genocide, and dispossession. Thresholds of testimony are subject to change and for some, for example refugees and asylum seekers, opportunities to engage a witnessing public and inspire campaigns for social justice on their behalf are curtailed-these are the 'ends of testimony'. The production, circulation, and reception of testimonial life narrative connects directly to the most fundamental questions of who counts as human, what rights follow from this, and what makes for grievable life. Postcolonial life narrative is a dynamic field of literature and criticism, and this book presents a series of proximate readings that outline its distinctive imaginative geographies.
Urban planning in Sub-Saharan Africa : colonial and post-colonial planning cultures
The bridges of Constantine
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
Aesthetics of security and Achille Mbembe's postcolony
Translation and postcolonialities : transactions across languages and cultures
In Measures of Expatriation, Vahni Capildeo's poems and prose-poems speak of the complex alienation of the expatriate, and address wider issues around identity in contemporary Western society.
What postcolonial theory doesn't say
Postcolonial literatures in English
Post-conflict heritage, postcolonial tourism : culture, politics and development at Angkor
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
A nervous state : violence, remedies, and reverie in colonial Congo
The Zimbabwean nation-state project : a historical diagnosis of identity and power-based conflicts in a postcolonial state
This book explores how Modernist movements all across the Mediterranean basin differed from those of other regions. The chapters show how the political and economic turmoil of a period marked by world war, revolution, decolonization, nationalism, and the rapid advance of new technologies compelled artists, writers, and other intellectuals to create a new hybrid Mediterranean Modernist aesthetic which sought to balance the tensions between local and foreign, tradition and innovation, and colonial and postcolonial.
Postcolonial thought and social theory
"Literature's Sensuous Geographies offers a study of place in postcolonial literature and theory from other than the socio-cultural and political angles that have traditionally dominated the field. Moslund explores "sensuous geographies" (something that has so far been neglected in the study of place in literature) as opening up other than discursive relations to the world - other, non-territorial modes of being-in-the-world. The book develops a sense-aesthetic mode of reading (a "topo-poetics") and in close-readings of Conrad, Blixen, Coetzee and Achebe (among others), Moslund explores dimensions in literature that open up the place world as produced by desubjectified intensities of smell, sound, sight, touch, etc. Sense-aesthetic qualities of literary language are shown in this way as radically challenging the rationalizing logic of modernity (the inner logic of imperialism), at the heart of which Moslund identifies a disciplining of the senses and a reduction of the sensuous openness of reality. With his study of sensuous geographies in literature, Moslund makes a notable shift in the field of postcolonial studies and geocriticism from discourse analysis to aesthetic analysis"--
New postcolonial British genres : shifting the boundaries
Writing back in/and translation
Postcolonial international relations : conquest and desire between Asia and the West
The 20th century has witnessed crucial changes in our perceptions of Europe. Two World Wars and many regional conflicts, the end of empires and of the Eastern Bloc, the creation and expansion of the European Union, and the continuous reshaping of Europe's population through emigration, immigration, and globalization have led to a proliferation of images of Europe within the continent and beyond. While Eurocentrism governs current public debates in Europe, this book takes a special interest in literary and cinematographic imaginings of Europe that are produced from more distant, decentred, or peripheral vantage points and across differences of political power, ideological or ethnic affinity, cultural currency, linguistic practice, and geographical location. The contributions to this book demonstrate how these particular imaginings of Europe, often without first-hand experience of the continent, do not simply hold up a mirror to Europe, but dare to conceive of new perspectives and constellations for Europe that call for a shifting of critical positions. In so doing, the artistic visions from afar confirm the significance of cultural imagination in (re)conceptualizing the past, present, and future of Europe. This book was originally published as a special issue of the Journal of Postcolonial Writing.
Connected sociologies
Postcolonialisms : an anthology of cultural theory and criticism
Mapping research trends in diversity and immigration : examing the AERA 2010 conference as a priviledged site of knowledge production
Music learning in Costa Rica : a postcolonial institutional ethnography
Globalization and violence. Vol. 2, Colonial and postcolonial globalizations
Divine rulers in a secular state
Realism, form and the postcolonial novel
English literatures across the globe : a companion
Black London : the imperial metropolis and decolonization in the twentieth century
What is film theory? : an introduction to contemporary debates
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
"The End of the West is an interdisciplinary work that broaches the problem of Western ethnocentrism in contemporary social and political theory. More specifically, this book critically addresses what has recently been called the 'end' of the West in many contemporary public discourses. Meighoo argues that although this claim might appear to challenge the teleological conception implied in 'the West,' it only entrenches this concept further insofar as it presumes that there is a 'West' to begin with. This teleological concept of the West is based on the idea of a continuous tradition extending all the way from ancient Greece to modern Europe and its colonial settlements, a tradition that is distinguished from all non-Western traditions by its guiding principles of reason, progress, and freedom--a tradition, however, that is finally approaching its end, for better or worse. What the author is arguing, then, is that even the most anti-ethnocentric discourses on the end of the West continue to rely on the intrinsically ethnocentric concept of the West itself. The book thus promises to make a substantial contribution as well as a timely intervention into the academic fields of postcolonial theory, continental philosophy, cultural studies, and the history of ideas. The fields of postcolonial theory and continental philosophy in particular have been marked by a radical interrogation of Western ethnocentrism, racism, and colonialism. The book offers a critique not only of teleology but also of 'negative teleology.' For whether the West is hailed as the source of all historical progress or exposed as the root of all cultural imperialism, the discourse of negative teleology ultimately reaffirms the ethnocentrism that it is meant to overcome"--Provided by publisher.
"Postcolonial and diaspora studies scholars and critics have paid increasing attention to the use of metaphors of food, eating, digestion, and various affiliated actions such as loss of appetite, indigestion, and regurgitation. As such stylistic devices proliferated in the works of non-Western women writers, scholars connected metaphors of eating and consumption to colonial and imperial domination. In Cannibal Writes, Njeri Githire concentrates on the gendered and sexualized dimensions of these visceral metaphors of consumption in works by women writers from Haiti, Jamaica, Mauritius, and elsewhere. Employing theoretical analysis and insightful readings of English- and French-language texts, she explores the prominence of alimentary-related tropes and their relationship to sexual consumption, writing, global geopolitics and economic dynamics, and migration. As she shows, the use of cannibalism in particular as a central motif opens up privileged modes for mediating historical and sociopolitical issues. Ambitiously comparative, Cannibal Writes ranges across the works of well-known and lesser known writers to tie together two geographic and cultural spaces that have much in common but are seldom studied in parallel"--
The bodies that were not ours : and other writings
Late modern subjects of colonial occupation : mobile phones and the rise of neoliberalism in Palestine
Rereading classics in 'East' and 'West' : postkolonial perspectives on the tragic
The volume explores the state of contemporary American Studies in the light of recent developments and currently emerging perspectives of research. Featuring contributions by leading American Studies scholars from the German-speaking world, the collection of essays represents a broad spectrum of thematic, theoretical and methodological approaches that constitute major research agendas within current American Studies. It also includes contributions by renowned colleagues from the U.S. which provide a transatlantic framework of scholarly debate. In line with the original, dialogic conference for.
Postcolonial theory and literature
Why Kipling today? Why do postcolonial discourses, as well as popular culture and journalism, keep referring back to him, as a byword for imperialism and its ideologies? Kipling and Beyond reassesses Kipling's texts and their reception and asks why Kipling continues to be a significant cultural icon. Featuring an internationally distinguished list of contributors, the collection offers fresh re-readings of Kipling's texts in order to explore new approaches to postcolonial studies; it critically examines our nostalgic gaze towards the colonial legacy, and what this means in the context of today's Anglo-American globalisation.
Re-inventing the postcolonial (in the) Metropolis
Crossing borderlands : composition and postcolonial studies
"In this era of recognition and reconciliation in settler societies indigenous peoples are laying claims to tribunals, courts and governments and reclaiming extensive territories and resource rights, in some cases even political sovereignty. But, paradoxically, alongside these practices of decolonization, settler societies continue the work of colonization in myriad everyday ways. This book explores this ongoing colonization in indigenous-settler identity politics in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States. These four are part of the 'Post-British World' and share colonial orientations towards indigenous peoples traceable to their European origins. The book identifies a shared settler imaginary that continues to constrain indigenous possibilities while it fails to deliver the redemption and unified nationhood settler peoples crave. Against this colonizing imaginary this book argues for the need for a new relational imaginary that recognizes the autonomy of indigenous ways of being, living and knowing"--
Modernizing missions : approaches to "developing" the non-western world after 1945
Post-empire imaginaries? : anglophone literature, history, and the demise of empires
Language and translation in postcolonial literatures : multilingual contexts, translational texts
Changing the terms : translating in the postcolonial era
Being Maasai, becoming indigenous : postcolonial politics in a neoliberal world
Europe after empire : decolonization, society, and culture
This title explores the rich and complicated landscape of intercultural contact between Indians and Britons on British soil at the height of empire, as reflected in a range of literary writing, including poetry and travel writing. The book's four decade-based case studies, leading from 1870 and the opening of the Suez Canal to the first years of the Great War, investigate from several different textual and cultural angles the central place of India in the British metropolitan imagination at this relatively early stage for Indian migration and intercultural exchange.
Archaeology of capitalism in colonial Contexts : postcolonial historical archaeologies
The postcolonial intellectual : Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o in context
The Cambridge companion to the postcolonial novel
Postcolonial reconfigurations : an alternative way of reading the Bible and doing  theology
Australian fiction as archival salvage : making and unmaking the postcolonial novel
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
The edge of the world
The biopolitics of development : reading Michel Foucault in the postcolonial present
