http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8712 paleography
paleography
The history of the book in the West
The calligraphy of medieval music
The Getty Hexameters looks in detail at a series of forty-four magical verses inscribed on a recently discovered lead tablet from Sicily in the fifth century BC, which is now in the Getty Museum, Los Angeles. Divided into two sections, the volume consists of a general introduction to the new inscriptions, together with a critical text and English translation, photographs, and drawings. The second section contains a collection of eleven interpretative essays which treat various aspects of the text, including religious and civic context, date and poetic language, transmission, and connections to ancient magic and ritual practice. The volume is the first complete critical edition of the Greek text to appear in print and contains important scholarship for the field of classics from an acclaimed list of contributors.
Codices latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century. P. 9, Hungary, Luxembourg, Poland, Russia, Spain, Sweden, The United States and Yogoslavia
Latin inscriptions can appear daunting – a jumble of letters without any structure or meaning. However, once you know how, most are easy to read as they follow strict rules of grammar and abbreviation. This book will teach readers how to 'decipher' them and will highlight how even the smallest piece of information that an inscription may provide can help classicists and archaeologists to reconstruct the daily life of ordinary Romans.
The ink and stylus tablets discovered at the Roman fort of Vindolanda are a unique resource for scholars of ancient history. However, the stylus tablets in particular are extremely difficult to read. This book details the development of what appears to be the first system constructed to aid experts in the process of reading an ancient document, exploring the extent to which techniques from Artificial Intelligence can be used to develop a system that could aid historians in reading the stylus texts. Image to Interpretation includes a model of how experts read ancient texts, a corpora of letter forms from the Vindolanda text corpus, and a detailed description of the architecture of the system. It will be of interest to papyrologists, researchers in Roman history and palaeography, computer and engineering scientists working in the field of Artificial Intelligence and image processing, and those interested in the use of computing in the humanities.
This book unites six essays related to manuscript culture in Britain. The main emphasis is on the physical appearance of books. The essays highlight, in different ways, the tight relationship between the paleographical and codicological features of manuscripts and the culture in which the objects were produced and used. Extending their expertise to a broad audience interested in the medieval book, the contributors discuss various aspects of written culture, including the development of Insular scripts, book culture in Mercia, the layout of Anglo-Saxon charters, and the transition from Anglo-Saxon to Norman inspired script and book production.
Athens and Macedon : Attic letter-cutters of 300 to 229 B.C
Reading early American handwriting
Teaching writing, learning to write : proceedings of the XVIth Colloquium of the Comité International de Paléographie Latine : held at the Institute of English Studies, University of London, 2-5 September 2008
An introduction to Greek and Latin palaeography
Egyptian planetary texts ; On some astronomical papyri and related problems of ancient geography
Editing Chaucer : the great tradition
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 1, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part 1 : letters from Assyria and the West
Fascinating texts written on small gold tablets that were deposited in graves provide a unique source of information about what some Greeks and Romans believed regarding the fate that awaited them after death, and how they could influence it. These texts, dating from the late fifth century BCE to the second century CE, have been part of the scholarly debate on ancient afterlife beliefs since the end of the nineteenth century. Recent finds and analysis of the texts have reshaped our understanding of their purpose and of the perceived afterlife. The tablets belonged to those who had been initiated into the mysteries of Dionysus Bacchius and relied heavily upon myths narrated in poems ascribed to the mythical singer Orpheus. After providing the Greek text and a translation of all the available tablets, the authors analyze their role in the mysteries of Dionysus, and present an outline of the myths concerning the origins of humanity and of the sacred texts that the Greeks ascribed to Orpheus. Related ancient texts are also appended in English translations. Providing the first book-length edition and discussion of these enigmatic texts in English, and their first English translation, this book is essential to the study of ancient Greek religion.
A guide to western historical scripts : from antiquity to 1600
The old Assyrian list of year eponyms from Karum Kanish and its chronological implications
The Getty hexameters : poetry, magic, and mystery in ancient Selinous
The palaeography of Gothic manuscript books : from the twelfth to the early sixteenth century
Manuscript cultures : mapping the field
On the limits of the genre : Roger Roseth as a reader of the sentences
Summary
Classica et beneventana : essays presented to Virginia Brown on the occasion of her 65th birthday
Ritual texts for the afterlife : Orpheus and the Bacchic Gold Tablets
Reading the Maya glyphs
Short manual of Greek palaeography
Segno e testo : international journal of manuscripts and text transmission
Palaeography and scribal practices in Syro-Palestine and Anatolia in the Late Bronze Age : papers read at a symposium in Leiden, 17-18 December 2009
Scraped, stroked, and bound : materially engaged readings of medieval manuscripts
Archaeology and text
Rewriting Old English in the twelfth century
La Chronique Anonyme Universelle : reading and writing history in fifteenth-century France
Early Middle English knight : (pseudo)metathesis and lexical specificity
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 5, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part 2 : Letters from the northern and northeastern provinces
Codices latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century. P. 5, France: Paris
Little of the historiography of 3rd-century Athens survives, and much of what we know about the period has come down to us in inscriptions carved by Attic stonemasons of the time. This text provides an insight into an unsettled and obscure moment in antiquity.
Scribes, scripts and readers : studies in the communication, presentation and dissemination of medieval texts
Arabic manuscripts : a vademecum for readers
Who is buried in Chaucer's tomb? : studies in the reception of Chaucer's book
Pages from the past : medieval writing skills and manuscript books
Their hands before our eyes : a closer look at scribes : the Lyell lectures delivered in the University of Oxford 1999
Greek papyri, ostraca and mummy labels
Reading papyri, writing ancient history
The story of writing
The Tel Dan inscription : a reappraisal and a new interpretation
The legacy of Bernard de Montfaucon : three hundred years of studies on Greek handwriting : proceedings of the seventh International Colloquium of Greek Palaeography (Madrid-Salamanca, 15-20 September 2008)
Variants : the journal of the European Society for Textual Scholarship
English handwriting 1400-1650 : an introductory manual
Aramaic and Hebrew inscriptions from Mt. Gerizim and Samaria between Antiochus III and Antiochus IV Epiphanes
Beowulf and the Beowulf manuscript
Writing, teachers, and students in Graeco-Roman Egypt
Textual scholarship : an introduction
The study of old texts with the aid of digital technology : the Gothic manuscripts
Contributions to the palaeography of Latin inscriptions
THE STUDENT'S GUIDE TO WESTERN CALLIGRAPHY
Identifying Biblical persons in Northwest Semitic inscriptions of 1200-539 B.C.E
This unique five volume set provides a comprehensive resource of the most significant published papers on book history in the West starting with the codex and finishing in the 20th century. The editors have carefully selected the best literature from a wealth of relatively inaccessible sources and written substantial introductions which provide an overview of the period. The papers are reproduced in entirety with their original page numbers to aid comprehensive research and accurate referencing. Together the volumes provide an essential compendium for students and scholars of book history.
The history of written culture in the "Carpatho-Danubian" region I. : Bratislava - Praha 2003
Some coins of Artaxerxes and other short texts in the Demotic script found on various objects and gathered from many publications
A collection of late Roman inscriptions from Attika, part 1: public dedications and honorary inscriptions plus building inscriptions including milestones
Integral palaeography
Codices Latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century. Supplementum
The makings of the medieval Hebrew book : studies in paleography and codicology
Medieval autograph manuscripts : proceedings of the XVIIth colloquium of the Comité international de paléographie latine, held in Ljubljana, 7-10 September 2010
Latin inscriptions
The book of Hebrew script : history, palaeography, script styles, calligraphy & design
Essays looking at the process of teaching and learning to write in the middle ages, with evidence drawn from across Europe.
Roman handwriting at the time of Christ
Maya hieroglyphs
Western manuscripts collection
Greek literary hands A.D. 400-1600
The elements of abbreviation in medieval Latin paleography
Digitizing text heritage : master of science thesis
Handbook of Greek and Latin palaeography
A palaeographer's view : the selected writings of Julian Brown
Codices latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century
Writing matter : from the hands of the English Renaissance
This volume presents the first comprehensive study of the Chronique Anonyme Universelle, a lavishly illustrated scroll history of the world from Creation to the fifteenth century. Working in a French noble library around the year 1410, the anonymous compiler of the Chronique told the story of humanity – nearly six thousand years by his reckoning – by editing historical texts at his disposal, arranging them in parallel columns on a vertical scroll, and filling the inter-columnar space with complex genealogical diagrams. The Chronique reflects a particular and particularly French self-image and worldview that become increasingly apparent as the reader traverses its direct and unbroken line from the Bible, Egypt, Greece and Troy to the histories of the Papacy, the Roman and Holy Roman Empires, the Crusades, and the royal houses of France and England. The present volume includes an extensive study of the sources, origin, transmission and illustration of the Chronique along with a critical edition, facing translation, and the entire miniature cycle of manuscript W (ca. 1465, now in private hands). Using an innovative image-annotation platform, the DVD insert provides access to a complete digital facsimile of the manuscript, giving the user wide-ranging search and browsing functionality along with complete access to the manuscript, transcription, translation and genealogical diagrams. -- From publisher's website.
Latin palaeography : antiquity and the Middle Ages
Scripsi manu mea Hartmann Schedel in Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, clm 490
The scriptorium and library at Monte Cassino, 1058-1105
Introduction to manuscript studies
In search of a predecessor to a Ruthenian tetraevangel
The main sequence is comprised of approximately 200 entries dealing with almost all aspects of Arabic manuscript studies (codicology and paleography); includes appendices covering abbreviations, letterforms, sūrah-headings, major reference works, and a guide to the description of manuscripts, as well as charts of major historical periods and dynasties.
Mediaeval Arabic bookmaking : and its relation to early chemistry and pharmacology
Image to interpretation : an intelligent system to aid historians in reading the Vindolanda texts
Instructions for the netherworld : the Orphic gold tablets
Greek manuscripts of the ancient world
Working with Anglo-Saxon manuscripts
Palaeography of Latin inscriptions from Novae (Lower Moesia)
Calligraphy and palaeography : essays presented to Alfred Fairbank on his 70th birthday
Handwriting in England and Wales
Grammata apo tēn archaiotēta : papurines kataskeues kai papuroi apo tēn ellēnikē kai tē rōmaikē Aigupto = Letters from the ancient world : mummy cartonnages and papyri from Greek and Roman Egypt
Opening up Middle English manuscripts : literary and visual approaches
Omnia disce : medieval studies in memory of Leonard Boyle, O.P
Anglo-Saxon manuscripts : basic readings
The "Orphic" gold tablets and Greek religion : further along the path
The alphabetic labyrinth : the letters in history and imagination
The painted page : Italian Renaissance book illumination 1450-1550
This deeply informed and lavishly illustrated book is a comprehensive introduction to the modern study of Middle English manuscripts. It is intended for students and scholars who are familiar with some of the major Middle English literary works, such as The Canterbury Tales, Gawain and the Green Knight, Piers Plowman, and the romances, mystical works or cycle plays, but who may not know much about the surviving manuscripts. The book approaches these texts in a way that takes into account the whole manuscript or codex--its textual and visual contents, physical state, readership, and cultural history. Opening Up Middle English Manuscripts also explores the function of illustrations in fashioning audience response to particular authors and their texts over the course of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries.
A palaeographic study of early writing in Egypt
A handbook of Greek and Latin palaeography
From codicology to technology : Islamic manuscripts and their place in scholarship
Anglo-Saxon manuscripts and their heritage
The New York Missal : a paleographic and phonetic analysis
