http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8725 cultural centres
cultural centres
Abstract.
Kengo Kuma : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2002
A theory of shopping
Hyvän paimenen kirkko = Church of the Good Shepherd
Silicon Valley journey : experiences of Finnish IT startups from dot-com boom to 2010
To Russia with love
Finnish summary.
Renzo Piano : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2000
Todd Anderson gets the bad news from his boss, his job has been outsourced. Adding insult to injury, Todd must travel to India to train his own replacement. Sometimes getting lost is the best way to find yourself.
Reviving monuments : historic architecture and contemporary projects : approaches to historic building re-use seen on 40 sites in Europe today
From factory to culture factory : transformation of obsolete industrial space as a social and spatial process
The conservation centre : Masterplan
New cultural art centres in Moscow and St. Petersburg
Kulttuuritilasto 2013 = Cultural statistics 2013.
Changing room : mobility of non-artistic cultural professionals in Europe : a mobility pilot for cultural operators by Trans Europe Halles : research report
A talent for tourism : stories about indigenous people in tourism
John F. Kennedy center for the performing arts
Windows on the world
Hraeringar : The Nordic House and Iceland = Nordes hus og Island : 2007-2013 / [Max Dager ... [et. al] ]
Sámi society matters
The romance of commerce and culture : capitalism, modernism, and the Chicago-Aspen crusade for cultural reform
Nordic house in Reykjavík, Iceland
Kulttuurikeskuksen laajennus = Extension of Cultural Centre : Kajaani
The call centre training handbook : a complete guide to learning & development in contact centres
Organizational cultures of Finnish hospitals in change
Health care in a multicultural society : the perception of health care professionals about their clinical cultural competence in Central Ostrobothnia Central Hospital, Kokkola
Concert hall acoustics assessment with sensory evaluation methods
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Neljän tuulen tuivertama : Sajos, saamelaiskulttuurikeskus, Inari = Beaten by the four winds : Sajos, Sami Cultural Centre, Inari
Arto Sipinen : arkkitehti = architect
International interiors. 7
Scholarly environments : centres of learning and institutional contexts, 1560-1960
International handbook of urban systems : studies of urbanization and migration in advanced and developing countries
Factories of the imagination
Museums in motion : an introduction to the history and functions of museums
Interface bending : as a media archaeological approach for interactive art
Finlands kulturinstitut, Stockholm = The Finnish Cultural Institute in Stockholm
Transforming libraries, building communities : the community-centered library
Maailman lasten värikäs arki = Children's art from around the world : everyday life in colour
Media centre Lume is an arena of cooperation
Planning marketing communication : case multicultural centre Kompassi
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish)
Environmental and socio-cultural effects of tourism in Ruka : a content analysis
From enlightment to experience : cultural centres in Helsinki neighbourhoods
Kaasaegse Kunsti Eesti Keskus : 1993 - 2003 = Center for Contemporary Arts, Estonia
Managerial competence and quality in arts organizations
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Helsinki: towards a creative city : seizing the opportunity and maximising potential
The creative industries : culture and policy
The Nordic House = Pohjolan talo : Alvar Aalto : Iceland = Islanti / [esipuhe = foreword Gylfi Þ. Gíslason ; kirjoittajat = authors Hjörtur Pálsson ... [et al.] ]
Buildings for the performing arts : a design and development guide
Juminkeko = Juminkeko Information Centre for the Kalevala and Karelian culture
Kulttuuritilasto 2003 = Cultural statistics 2003.
Trail of the western defector
Kuperkeikka kesken urakkaa = A sudden change of plan
Implementation strategies in reforming public organisations : leadership and processes
Bring on the next generation : a analysis of regenerated the Hakaniemi market square [sic]
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
House of the arts 1987-1997
The Clark Today : Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, MA
Outsourced
Whether in their homes, schools, streets, parks, in children's centres or cyberspace, children and young people live their lives in spaces which impact on their language and concepts, and on their social worlds and relationships. This important and innovative text provides a new framework for thinking about how relationships are developed with children and young people in the spaces they inhabit. Drawing on a wide range of perspectives, it analyses how spaces are negotiated, produced and experienced by children and young people. It offers clear guidance on how practitioners can use spaces productively to form and maintain working relationships with children and young people. In particular the book: a- assesses how places and spaces influence and are influenced by children and young people a- situates the development of work with children and young people within the thinking and values associated with social pedagogy, an approach to practice favoured in Continental Europe and attracting much interest in the UK a- advocates democratic practice and includes methods for participatory practice-led research. An illuminating anthology of readings with a truly multidisciplinary and holistic approach, this is an essential text for students and practitioners working or intending to work with children, young people and their families. It also makes insightful reading for those with broader theoretical interests in social science, psychology and human geography.
Place, modernity and the consumer's world : a relational framework for geographical analysis
The shopping experience
Centre for art and computer technology in Espoo - a Finnish IRCAM? : Finland takes a jump......to the forefront of music technology
Cultural and congress venues in Finland 1994 = Kultur- und Kongresszentren in Finnland 1994
The Nordic House : Alvar Aalto : Islanti = Pohjolan talo : Alvar Aalto : Iceland
The historical formation and development of Estonian cultural policy : tracing the development of Estonian community houses (rahvamaja)
Children and young people's spaces : developing practice
New architecture. 9, Places of entertainment : Salas de espectáculos
The Customer Portfolio : Managing Communication
Is timing everything? : an exploration of timing in intercultural communication studies and its role in training at the Finnish Defence Forces International Centre
Sammandrag. - Summary.
Central bank independence : cultural codes and symbolic performance
Cultural policy in Finland : report by the panel of European experts
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
An international evaluation of the Finnish System of Arts Councils
Mecca : the sacred city
