http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8726 nematodes
nematodes
Formulation of the nematode Steinernema feltiae for a shelf-life up to one year
Nematology : advances and perspectives. Vol. 2, Nematode management and utilization
Pine wilt disease
Nematodes in forest tree nurseries in Finland = Suomen metsätaimitarhojen nematodeista
Nematode ecology and plant disease
Introduction to research on plant nematology : an FAO guide to the study and control of plant-parasitic nematodes
Systematic position and delimitation of ascardoid nematode parasites of the genus Contracaecum with a note on the superfamily Ascaridoidea
Influence of herbivore plant feeding on development of soil mesofauna
Nematode identification and expert system technology
Pelodera (syn. Rhabditis) strongyloides as a cause of dermatitis : a report of 11 dogs from Finland : case study
Nervous system of parasitic nematodes
Efficacy of different treatment regimes against setariosis (Setaria tundra, Nematoda: Filarioidea) and associated peritonitis in reindeer
Sex and age influence intestinal parasite burden in three boreal grouse species
Abstract.
Management of nematode and insect-borne diseases
Directions of changes in communities of soil nematodes in mandisturbed ecosystems
Adaptation of Trichinella nativa in hosts
Transmission of the pine wood nematode Bursaphelenchus xylophilus through oviposition activity of Monochamus galloprovincialis (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae)
Insect-parasitic nematodes as biological control agents of Brassica root flies
The plant-parasitic nematode genus Meloidogyne Göldi, 1892 (Tylenchida) in Europe
Prepatent periods and species composition of different Oesophagostomum spp. populations in Estonia and Denmark
Outbreak of parasitic peritonitis in reindeer in Finland
Influence of ectomycorrhiza on the structure of detrital food webs in pine rhizosphere
Genome-wide comparison of nematode transcriptomes : a novel application of microarrays
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Soil and freshwater Nematodes : a monograph
Communities of nematodes, enchytraeids and earthworms in anthropogenous birch stands in central Finland
Entomopathogenic nematodes : systematics, phylogeny and bacterial symbionts
The phylogenetic systematics of freeliving nematodes
Dracunculoid and Anguillicoloid nematodes parasitic in vertebrates
Modelling the functioning of experimental soil food webs
Structure and function of the integuments of parasitic nematodes
Studies on genomic instability induced by radiation and chemicals
Exploring parasite genomes
Plant and insect nematodes
Biological control of oilseed rape pests with entomopathogenic nematodes
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
On the occurrence of Cystidicoloides ephemeridarum (Nematoda: Spiruroidea) in grayling (Thymallus thymallus) in the Oulanka and Kitkajoki rivers (Kuusamo, Finland)
Gene expression and epigenetic modifications in Caenorhabditis elegans induced by methylmercury and manganese
Plant-parasitic nematodes are one of multiple causes of soil-related sub-optimal crop performance. This book integrates soil health and sustainable agriculture with nematode ecology and suppressive services provided by the soil food web to provide holistic solutions. Biological control is an important component of all nematode management programmes, and with a particular focus on integrated soil biology management, this book describes tools available to farmers to enhance the activity of natural enemies, and utilize soil biological processes to reduce losses from nematodes.
The pinewood nematode, Bursaphelenchus Xylophilus : proceedings of an international workshop, University of Évora, Portugal, August 20-22, 2001
Biological control of plant-parasitic nematodes : soil ecosystem management in sustainable agriculture
Nematodes in some coniferous forests in Finland
Studies on the soil microfauna. 1, The moss inhabiting nematodes and rotifiers
Bibliography of Russian literature on nematodes : published between 1874 and 1975
Key to parasitic nematodes : vol.1 Spirurata and Filitariata
In the beginning was the worm : finding the secrets of life in a tiny hermaphrodite
Setaria tundra, an emerging parasite of reindeer, and an outbreak it caused in Finland in 2003-2006
Parasitic nematodes : molecular biology, biochemistry and immunology
Keys to the nematode parasites of vertebrates : archival volume
Application of mass spectrometry in unravelling the secrets of the endocannabinoid system
Ecological aspects of used-water treatment. Vol. 1, The organisms and their ecology
Trophic-level dynamics in microbial-based soil food webs
Training manuals for entomology : arachnology nematology mycology & phytobacteriology
Giant kidney worm (Dioctophyma renale) infections in dogs from Northern Paraná, Brazil
Nematodes : structure, development, classification, and phylogeny
The biology of nematodes
Entomopathogenic nematology
Nematology : advances and perspectives. Vol. 1, Nematode morphology, physiology, and ecology
An atlas of metazoan parasites in animal tissues
Strongyloides stercoralis infection in a Finnish kennel
Summary.
Nematodes as environmental indicators
Development, taxonomy and life-cycle plasticity Camallanus cotti fujita, 1927 (Nematoda, Camallanidae) : a study based on the frequent anthropogenic dissemination of the parasite into closed freshwater fish culturing systems
Parasitic nematodes of freshwater fishes of Europe
Nematodes and their role in the meiobenthos
Nematode parasites of vertebrates : their development and transmission
Interactions between nematodes and other soil organisms in coniferous forest soils in relation to acid/base and nutrient status
Forest soil nematodes of western Karelian natural biogeocenoses
SUMOs in the regulation of transcriptional co-regulators RIP140 and PGC-1α and in the development of C. elegans
Nematodes for biological control of insects
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Nematode fauna of a spruce stand associated with forest decline
Evaluation of entomopathogenic nematode strains for control of Delia radicum, Tipula paludosa and T. Oleracea
Effects of defoliation and mycorrhizal fungus (AM) on primary production and soil biota in experimental grassland microcosms composed of white clover (Trifolium repens) and timothy (Phleum pratense)
Pine wilt disease : a worldwide threat to forest ecosystems
The structure of nematodes
Nitrogen mineralization in soil in microcosms with or without bacterivorous nematodes and nematophagous mites
Biology of nematodes
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
The biology of free-living nematodes
Parasite tags in ecological studies of terrestrial hosts : a study on ptarmigan (Lagopus spp.) dispersal
Nematode development in pine forest soil incubated in the laboratory
Cucurbit diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen; growers & agricultural advisors
Endemic trichinellosis : experimental and epidemiological studies
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Freshwater nematodes : ecology and taxonomy
Nematodes as biocontrol agents
Soil-inhabiting nematode fauna of grasslands in the Paanajärvi National Park
Experimental and immunological comparison of Trichinella spiralis and Trichinella nativa
Crucifer diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen, growers & agricultural advisors
Longitudinal monitoring of parasites in individual wild primates
Nematode behaviour
Trichinelloid nematodes parasitic in cold-blooded vertebrates
Physiology of nematodes
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Functional and detailed morphology of the Tylenchida (Nematoda)
Systematics and morphology of free-living nematodes from the Bothnian Bay, northern Baltic Sea
Diagnosing plant diseases caused by nematodes
SUMOs in the regulation of transcriptional Co-regulators RIP140 and PGC-1α and in the development of C. elegans
Commonness and rarity in parasitic helminths of voles
The biology of plant parasitic nematodes
An introduction to nematodes : general nematology : a student's textbook
Influence of simulated acid rain on communities of soil nematodes
Trichinellosis : proceedings of the eight International Conference on Trichinellosis, September 7-10, 1993, Orvieto, Italy
