http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8727 ethnomusicology
ethnomusicology
The ethnomusicology of western art music
Ethnomusicology : historical and regional studies
Studies in African Music. 2
Music in the Americas
Revisiting symbolic interaction in music studies and new interpretive works
Ethnomusicological theory and method
Voices of forgotten worlds : traditional music of indigenous people
This market-leading, best-selling text covers ethnomusicology-the study of music in a people's way of life, which treats music as a distillation of cultural styles. The authors of this text approach diverse musical styles with the desire to understand them on their own terms-as the people who make the music would understand them. The text is organized by region. Each study focuses on the life histories and autobiographies that are essential to understanding music as a human activity. Song lyrics are singled out by the authors as a way to understand the meaning and purpose of musical performances.
Visions and identities : proceedings from The 24th International Ballad Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung (Société internationale d'ethnologie et de folklore), Tórshavn June 26th to June 30th 1994
The music of Central Africa
Voices of the magi : enchanted journeys in southeast Brazil
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Europa et Hungaria : congressus ethnographicus in Hungaria 16-20. X.1963, Budapest
The hundred thousand fools of God : musical travels in Central Asia (and Queens, New York)
Barbadian popular music and the politics of Caribbean culture
Folk and traditional music of the western continents
A manual for documentation fieldwork & preservation for ethnomusicologists
The Garland library of readings in ethnomusicology : a core collection of important ethnomusicological articles in seven volumes. Volume 5, Cross-cultural musical analysis
Theory of African music. Volume 1
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
Defining music : an ethnomusicological and philosophical approach
Fiddler on the move : exploring the klezmer world
Musical processes, resources, and technologies
Contexts of musicology. Vol. 2
P'ungmul : South Korean drumming and dance
Studies on musical diversity : methodological approaches
Music from the heart : compositions of a folk fiddler
Shaped by Japanese music : nagauta shamisen in Tokyo
Ethnomusicology : a research and information guide
A century of ethnomusicological thought
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Sound, music, and the study of religion
Yearbook for traditional music
The ethnography of musical performance
African rhythm : a Northern Ewe perspective
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone - 125 Years of Pop Music
Linear musical thinking : a theory of musical thinking and the runic song tradition of Baltic-Finnish peoples
Ongoma! : notes on Namibian musical instruments : an introductory resource book for teachers
Postmodernism and globalization in ethnomusicology : an epistemological problem
A select bibliography of music in Africa
The Garland library of readings in ethnomusicology : a core collection of important ethnomusicological articles in seven volumes. Volume 4, Musical transcription
The new (ethno)musicologies
This volume establishes the discipline of medical ethnomusicology and expresses its broad potential. It also is an expression of a wider paradigm shift of innovative thinking and collaboration that fully embraces both the health sciences and the healing arts.
The music of Central Africa: an ethnomusicological study : former French Equatorial Africa, the former Belgian Congo, Ruanda-Urundi, Uganda, Tanganyika
Issues in organology
Sounding the depths : tradition and the voices of history
Supplement to the third edirtion of Ethnomusicology
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Tuvan throat singing : ethnomusical invesigation
The world of music bibliography : index, contents, and abstracts, vol. 1, 1959-vol. 52, 2010
An ethnomusicologist's dilemma: technology and the analysis of music
Facing the music : Essays on pop, rock and culture
Sung tales from the Papua New Guinea highlands : studies in form, meaning, and sociocultural context
This is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Contributors from around the world and a diverse array of disciplines provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music.
Excursions in world music
Music, science, and the rhythmic brain : cultural and clinical implications
Afro-American folksongs : a study in racial and national music
Music and musicians in Crete : performance and ethnography in a Mediterranean island society
Ethnomusicology and the historical dimension : papers presented at the European Seminar in Ethnomusicology, London, May 20-23 1986
Echoes of our forgotten ancestors
Music, words and voice : a reader
VII. European Seminar in Ethnomusicology : pre-publication of the conference papers to be presented at the VII. seminar, Berlin, October 1-6, 1990
Thinking musically : experiencing music, expressing culture
Reference materials in ethnomusicology : a bibliographic essay on primitive, oriental, and folk music
Ethnomusicology research : a select annotated bibliography
Roots of black music : The vocal, instrumental, and dance heritage of Africa and Black America
Ethnomusicology and popular music studies
Becoming an ethnomusicologist : a miscellany of influences
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
Worlds of music : an introduction to the music of the world's peoples
Analysis of timbres in ethnomusicology : the articulatory tension and its acoustical correlates
"Venceremos" : Víctor Jara and the new Chilean song movement
Introduction
Field manual for ethnomusicology
Principles of Azerbaijan folk music
Songcatchers : in search of the world's music
Ethnomusicology : a very short introduction
Traditions of gamelan music in Java : musical pluralism and regional identity
The recording industry : an ethnomusicological approach
Reference materials in ethnomusicology : a bibliographic essay
Theory and method in ethnomusicology
Mathematical rhythmic structure of Chinese percussion music : an analytical study of Shifan Luogu collections
Bards, ballads and boundaries : an ethnographic atlas of music traditions in West Rajasthan
Knowing music, making music : Javanese gamelan and the theory of musical competence and interaction
SamulNori : contemporary Korean drumming and the rebirth of itinerant performance culture
S.E.M. newsletter
Ethnomusicology
Musical journeys in Sumatra
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
Ethnomusicological encounters with music and musicians : essays in honor of Robert Garfias
Teton Sioux music
Ethnomusicology and African music : (collected papers). Vol. 1, Modes of inquiry and interpretation
Ethnomusicology : history, definitions, and scope : a core collections of scholarly articles
The anthropology of music
The music of Bharata nāṭyam
Southern music, American music
Etnomusikologian vuosikirja = Finnish yearbook of ethnomusicology. 1998, Special issue: Conference proceedings of the European Seminar In Ethnomusicology 1997
The Oxford handbook of medical ethnomusicology
Worlds of music : An introduction to the music of the world's peoples
Folk music of Hungary
From the drum to the synthesizer
In The Drum: A History, drummer, instructor, and blogger Matt Dean details the earliest evidence of the drum from all regions of the planet, looking at cave paintings, statues, temple reliefs, and burial remains before finding existing relics of actual drums, which have survived thousands of years. Highlighting the different uses and customs associated with drumming, Dean examines how the drum developed across many cultures and over thousands of years before they became the instruments we know today. A celebration of this remarkable instrument, The Drum: A History explores how war, politics, trade routes, and religion have influenced the drum. Bringing its history to the present, Dean considers the modern cultural and commercial face of the drum, detailing its role in military settings and the development of the "modern drum kit." This study charts the evolution of the recording studio environment, as well as specific analysis of the development of drum heads, sticks, and the often overlooked role of women on the drum kit. In addition, there is a look at the continuing evolution of the drum and its role through surveys of main manufacturers and the increased dependence on electronic drums, sampling machines, and drum recorders. As the first book to detail the entire development of the drum, The Drum: A History will appeal to every drummer, regardless of genre or style, as well as any reader with a general interest in the evolution of this universal instrument [Publisher description]
Embroidered with gold, strung with pearls : traditional ballads of Bosnian women
World music, musics of the world : aspects of documentation, mass media and acculturation
Goze : women, musical performance, and visual disability in traditional Japan
Popular music : a yearbook. 5, Continuity and change
Readings in ethnomusicology
The wellsprings of music
Chinese folk songs and folk singers : shan'ge tradition in southern Jiangsu
Essays on Sino-Korean musicology : early sources for Korean ritual music
Alan Lomax, assistant in charge : the Library of Congress letters, 1935-1945
History, definitions, and scope of ethnomusicology
'A commonsense view of all music' : reflections on Percy Grainger's contribution to ethnomusicology and music education
"The music of American folk song" and selected other writings on American folk music
The study of ethnomusicology : thirty-one issues and concepts
Etnomusikologian vuosikirja 1998 : Special issue: conference proceedings of the European Seminar in Ethnomusicology 1997
Melodic perception and analysis : a manual on ethnic melody
Prague soundscapes
The book also provides a window into the history of ethnomusicology since all the contributors have had a relationship with the University of Washington, home to one of the oldest programs in ethnomusicology in the United States. Inspired by the example of Robert Garfias, they are all indefatigable field researchers and among the leading authorities in the world on their particular musical cultures. The contributions illustrate the core similarities in their approach to the discipline of ethnomusicology and at the same time deal with a remarkably wide range of perspectives, themes, issues, and theoretical questions. Readers should find this collection of essays a fascinating, indeed surprising, glimpse into an important aspect of the history of ethnomusicology.
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
The situation of music and musicians in countries of the Orient
Musical instruments of India : History and development
Etnomusikologian vuosikirja : Finnish yearbook of ethnomusicology. 1998, Special issue: Conference proceedings of the European Seminar In Ethnomusicology 1997
Salsa! : the rhythm of Latin music
Methods and principles of Hungarian ethnomusicology
Reference materials in ethnomusicology : A bibliographic essay
Anthology of Bulgarian folk musicians
Ethnomusicology in East Africa : perspectives from Uganda and beyond
Music of death and new creation : experiences in the world of Balinese Gamelan Beleganjur
Studia instrumentorum musicae popularis. 3, Festschrift to Ernst Emsheimer on the occasion of his 70th birthday, January 15th 1974
Folk music research in Hungary
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Designed as a tribute to Robert Garfias, who has conducted field work in more cultures than any other living ethnomusicologist, this volume explores the originating encounter in field work of ethnomusicologists with the musicians and musical traditions they study. The nineteen contributors provide case studies from nearly every corner of the world, including biographies of important musicians from the Philippines, Turkey, Lapland, and Korea; interviews with, and reports of learning from, musicians from Ireland, Bulgaria, Burma, and India; and analyses of how traditional musicians adapt to the encounter with modernity in Japan, India, China, Turkey, Afghanistan, Morocco, and the United States.
The drum : a history
Ethnomusicology : a study of its nature, its problems, methods and representative personalities to which is added a bibliography
Ethnomusicology : a guide to research
Pieces of the musical world : sounds and culture
Contexts of musicology. Vol. 1
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 8, Anthropological essays presented to Edward Burnett Tylor in honour of his 75th birthday, October 2, 1907.
Proceedings of the second British-Swedish Conference on Musicology : Ethnomusicology : Cambridge, 5-10 August 1989
The ethnomusicologist
Malaysian shadow play and music : continuity and oral tradition
Music in human life : anthropological perspectives on music
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
