http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8724 cultural institutes
cultural institutes
The state of the art : cultural diplomacy in France and Finland
Introducing: culture identities : design for museums, theaters and cultural institutions
Scientist in the picture : Greece, 1900-1980 : situated identities - identities of sites : [the Museum of Byzantine Culture, Thessaloniki, October-November 2007 : the National Hellenic Research Foundation, Athens, December 2007 - January 2008] / academic editor / exhibition & publication coordinator: Sasa Lada ; researchers / curators / editors: Stergios Karavatos, Katerina Chatzikonstantinou
Communication culture in German work community
The politics of culture : policy perspectives for individuals, institutions and communities
Marketing plan for the Finnish Institute in Madrid
From detective work to love affairs : case study on the development of organizational social network relations in the Finnish Institute in London
The value of cultural institutions : measurement and description
As background information for this thesis I would point out my own personal interest in Germany as a country and as a possible future country where I would like to work. For my thesis I contacted the Göethe Institute (based in Finland) and the DFG (Deutsch-Finnische Geschellschaft), who both agreed to be involved in my thesis process. The Göethe Institute agreed to do interviews and DFG to send their members a questionnaire. (DFG is based in Germany; its members are mostly Germans and Finns.) My goal was to find out what the communication culture in German companies is like. I wanted to analyse how foreigners adapt to the German working community, what their difficulties are and what is different, for example, in relation to the work community in Finland. I also wanted to look at how they see the German communication culture within the work community, and some of both its negative and positive aspects. At the beginning of my thesis I wanted to give a bit deeper image and view of Germany as a country overall, a brief history about how it has developed in recent years, how the financial life in Germany is today, how many foreigners Germany has and something about the history of foreigners in Germany. I'm also interested in stereotypes regarding Germans in the eyes of other nationalities, how accurate they might actually be and how things really are when different cultures meet in business life. As many of the respondents to my questionnaire were women, I also wanted to do a bit of research on the overall position of women in German working life.
