http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8738 corrosion
corrosion
Guidelines for the Protection of Steel Piles : Corrosive Marine Environment
6th Scandinavian Corrosion Congress, Gothenburg, May 24-27, 1971 : proceedings
Microbiologically influenced corrosion handbook
Corrosion tests and standards : application and interpretation
Aluminium handbook. Vol. 1, Fundamentals and materials
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Basic corrosion technology for scientists and engineers
Artificially intelligent and adaptive methods for prediction and analysis of superheater fireside corrosion in fluidized bed boilers
Metallurgy and corrosion control in oil and gas production
Corrosion of steel in concrete
Autoclave facility for materials testing and sensor development in simulated process environments
Welding metallurgy and weldability
The Nalco guide to cooling water systems failure analysis
High-temperature corrosion research in progress: 1994. Vol. 2.
Corrosion of metallic heritage artefacts : investigation, conservation and prediction for long-term behaviour
Handbook of corrosion engineering
Corrosion-resistant linings and coatings
Global buckling response of web-core steel sandwich plates influenced by general corrosion
Shreir's corrosion. volume 4 , management and control of corrosion
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
The rusting of iron : causes and control
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
Corrosion and corrosion control : an introduction to corrosion science and engineering
Corrosion : for science and engineering
The fundamentals of corrosion
Advances in stainless steels
Fouling and corrosion in steam generators
Corrosion control : principles and practice
Materials performance
On the corrosion of ruthenium oxide (RuO[sub 2]) based anodes in chloride solutions
Practical plant failure analysis : a guide to understanding machinery deterioration and improving equipment reliability
Corrosion protection of steel structures
Corrosion and alteration of nuclear materials
Laboratory and full scale testing of candidate materials for fluidized bed combustors
Scales, deposits, pitting and corrosion with their analyses and the analyses of the waters that caused them
Solutions to Corrosion Problems : Eurocorr'98, the European Corrosion Congress, 28th September - 1st October 1998, Jaarbeurs Congress Centre, Utrecht, The Netherlands
Anglo-russkij slovar' po èlektrohimii i korrozii = English-Russian dictionary of electrochemistry and corrosion
Service life of concrete structures with regard to corrosion of reinforcement
Corrosion inspection and monitoring
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
Summary (s. 5-8).
John Stringer Symposium on High Temperature Corrosion : proceedings from Materials Solutions Conference 5-8 November 2001 Indianapolis, Indiana
Electrochemistry and corrosion science
Metals reference book
The corrosion and conservation of metallic antiquities and works of arts
Copper and bronze in art : corrosion, colorants, conservation / David A. Scott
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
Lifetime modelling of high temperature corrosion processes : Proceedings of an EFC workshop 2001
Cleaning, pickling and passivation of stainless steels alloys
Tutkimus henkilöauton kriitillisistä korroosiokohdista = Investigation of critical corrosion points of some passanger cars in Finland
Metal corrosion in boats : the preventation of metal corrosion in hulls, engines, rigging and fittings
High temperature corrosion and protection of materials 6 : proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on High Temperature Corrosion and Protection of Materials, Les Embiez, France, May 16-21 2004 = Actes du 6ème Colloque International sur la Corrosion et la Protection des Matériaux à Haute Température
Reactions of ruthenium, rhodium, platinum and gold with carbon monoxine and hydrogen in the presence of steel
Pulp and paper industry corrosion problems. Volume 6 B
Automotive bodywork and rust repair
High-temperature corrosion in sulfidizing/oxidizing environments
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels  Atef Saad Hamada
Bronze cannon analysis : alloy composition related to corrosion picture
Anaerobic biotechnology and odor/corrosion control for municipalities and industries
12th Scandinavian Corrosion Congress [NKM 12] & EUROCORR '92, Espoo, Finland, 31 May - 4 June 1992. Vol. 1
Chloride initiated reinforcement corrosion in marine concrete
Shreir's corrosion. volume 3 , corrosion and degradation of engineering materials
The corrosion handbook
Corrosion engineering
ASM handbook. 13 100, Corrosion: environments and industries
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment [Julkaisurekisteri] : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Principles and prevention of corrosion
Corrosion occuring in the food processing industry
Corrosion in seawater systems
Corrosion and metal artifacts : a dialogue between conservators and archaeologists and corrosion scientists
Corrosion and conservation of cultural heritage metallic artefacts
Demanding applications : DEMAPP : final report 3/2014
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).^
Corrosion and surface engineering : selected papers from the International Scientific Conference Corrosion 2014 : November 18-21, 2014, Gliwice, Poland
Nuclear corrosion science and engineering
Corrosion Prevention of Magnesium Alloys
High temperature corrosion and protection of materials : proceedings of the 4th International Symposium on High Temperature Corrosion and Protection of Materials
Electrochemical monitoring of erosion-corrosion ; An erosion corrosion test of carbon steel in a loop with a two-phase medium
Advanced ultrasonic methods for material and structure inspection
Effect of alcohol fuels on fuel-line materials of gasoline vehicles : Powertrain & fluid systems conference and exhibition San Antonio, Texas USA October 24-27, 2005
Corrosion. 1, Metal/environment reactions
High temperature corrosion and abrasive wear of boiler steels
Strategies for saving our cultural heritage : papers presented at the International Conference on Conservation Strategies for Saving Indoor Metallic Collections with a satellite meeting on legal issues in the Conservation of Cultural Heritage, Cairo 25 February - 1 March 2007
Aspects on characterization of positive active materials and anodic corrosion layers of lead/acid battery plates
High temperature corrosion and protection of materials : proceedings of the 5th International Symposium on High Temperature Corrosion and Protection of Materials
Corrosion properties of TiC, TiN and MoSi[sub x] films
The corrosion and oxidation of metals : supplementary volume. 2
Corrosion for marine and offshore engineers
Corrosion protection : inspector's book fo reference
Outokumpu Stainless Corrosion handbook
Abstract: Alternative painting methods for container handling equipment.
Lectures on electrochemical corrosion
"Book deals with a wide range of materials and weldability issues"--
Executive summary.
Silanes in process solutions
Construction of a constant-current power supply for spot electrolysis
Fundamentals of high-frequency CMOS analog integrated circuits
Corrosion and wear : a mechanical designers' workbook
Corrosion of reinforcing steels at cracks in concrete
The electrochemistry of corrosion
Corrosion in black liquor evaporators
Corrosion resistance tables : part A. A-D, metals, nonmetals, coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
The corrosion and oxidation of metals : supplementary volume. 1
organic and inorganic coatings for corrosion prevention - research and experiences : papers from EUROCORR '96
Corrosion control through organic coatings
8th European symposium on corrosion inhibitors 18th-22nd September 1995 : proceedings : 198th manifestation of the European federation of corrosion
Electrochemical monitoring of erosion-corrosion
Corrosion problems in marine archaeology
Conservation of old rusty iron objects : reduction of rust with hydrogen gas
The influence of high hydrogen sulphide (H2S) concentration in fuel on large reciprocating gas engines
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 8, Review of processes near a buried waste canister
This book reviews the fundamental corrosion mechanisms that affect nuclear power plants and facilities. Initial sections introduce the complexity of nuclear corrosion science, with detailed chapters on the different types of both aqueous and non aqueous corrosion mechanisms and the nuclear materials susceptible to attack from them. This is complemented by reviews of monitoring and control methodologies, as well as modelling and lifetime prediction approaches. The final sections review corrosion issues across the range of current and next-generation nuclear reactors, and across such nuclear applications as fuel reprocessing facilities, radioactive waste storage and geological disposal systems. This is an invaluable reference for nuclear metallurgists, materials scientists and engineers, as well as nuclear facility operators, regulators and consultants, and researchers and academics in this field.
Corrosion in masonry clad early 20th century steel framed buildings
Corrosion inhibitors in conservation : proceedings of a conference held by UKIC in association with the Museum of London
Proceedings Eurocorr'97 : the European Corrosion Congress Trondheim, Norway, 22-25 September 1997.
Corrosion of high-alloy stainless steels in the wet phosphoric acid
Uhlig's corrosion handbook
Chemical equilibrium analysis in the study of corrosion
High-temperature corrosion of engineering alloys
Risk analysis of base station cabinet
COST : final report of D5/0011/93 : investigation of the local dynamic properties of oxide layers with synthetic oxides
Modelling of multistage washing systems : application in the design of pulping processes based on organic acids
Metallic and ceramic coatings : production, high temperature properties and applications
Selecting an embedded PC for the RECON project for Savcor ART Oy
Investigations into corrosion and cathodic protection of ferrous metals in the marine environment
Frontiers in corrosion science and technology : 15th International Corrosion Congress, Granada, Spain, September 22 to 27, 2002 : abstracts
Metal corrosion in boats : the prevention of metal corrosion in hulls, engines, rigging and fittings
Erosion-corrosion at elevated temperatures : report
Corrosion of metals and alloys : corrosion tests in artificial atmosphere : accelerated outdoor test by intermittent spraying of a salt solution (Scab test) : international standard
Ultimate capacity of stainless steel rectangular hollow section X-joints at low temperatures
An introduction to corrosion and protection of metals
An introduction to metallic corrosion
The principles of chemical weathering : an integrated review of the principles of chemical weathering as taken from the literature, and the relation of weathering to certain aspects of geology, pedology, and civilization
Encyclopedia of corrosion technology
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment:studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Annual book of ASTM standards 2012, section 3, Metals test methods and analytical procedures. : Volume 03.02, Corrosion of metals; wear and erosion
Characteristics of iron-based thermal sprayed coatings manufactured with high velocity oxygen fuel and high velocity air fuel spraying for wear and corrosion applications
Corrosion resistance tables : part C. P-Z, Metals, nonmetals,  coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Developments in marine corrosion
Alternative painting methods for container handling equipment
12th Scandinavian Corrosion Congress [NKM 12] & EUROCORR '92, Espoo, Finland, 31 May - 4 June 1992. Vol. 2, A. Nuclear corrosion. - B. Surface science and passivation. - C1. Steel in soil or concrete. - C2. Cathodic protection. - D. Inhibition
"This book describes the weldability aspects of many structural materials used in a wide variety of engineering structures, including steels, stainless steels, Ni-base alloys, and Al-base alloys. The basic mechanisms of weldability are described and methods to improve weldability are described. Specific topics include solidification and liquation cracking, solid-state cracking, hydrogen cracking, fracture and fatigue, and corrosion. Methods for interpretation of weld failures using computational and characterization techniques are described"--
Corrosion of multi-oxide ceramic materials
The book systematically covers all steps of the hot-dip galvanization process. The reader finds the basics such as corrosion and zinc film formation as well as the most important aspects of process technology and technical equipment, alongside with contributions on workpiece requirements for optimal galvanization results and on methods for applying additional protective coatings to the galvanized pieces. Separate chapters deal with the important topics of safety at work, environment protection, profitability considerations and quality management.
Corrosion resistance tables : part B. E-O, Metals, nonmetals, coatings, mortars, plastics, elastomers and linings, and fabrics
Sanitation: cleaning and disinfection in the food industry
Stress corrosion cracking of austenitic stainless steel at room temperature
Sodium and sulfur chemistry in combustion gases
KSCS 2004, 4th Kurt Schwabe Corrosion Symposium : mechanisms of corrosion and corrosion prevention : proceedings : June 13-17, 2004, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
The corrosion and oxidation of metals : scientific principles and practical applications
The science and engineering of materials
Handbook of hot-dip galvanization
Green corrosion chemistry and engineering : opportunities and challenges
Slurry handling and pipeline transport. 12, Hydrotransport
Corrosion control in the aerospace industry
Stress corrosion crack growth rate measurement in high temperature water using small precracked bend specimens
Perspectives on Bronze Sculpture Conservation: : Modelling Copper and Bronze Corrosion
Shreir's corrosion. volume 2 , corrosion in liquids, corrosion evaluation
Marine diesel engine exhaust gas system, fouling and corrosion problems
High temperature corrosion and erosion-corrosion of coatings in chlorine-containing environments
Concrete pipe for the new millennium
What every engineer should know about corrosion
Cathodic protection
The boatowner's guide to corrosion : a complete reference for boatowners and marine professionals
Solutions to corrosion problems : event no. 221 : 28th September - 1st October 1998 Jaarbeurs Congress Centre, Utrecht , the Netherlands
Corrosion science and technology
