http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8737 rust
rust
The cereal rusts. Vol. 1, Origins, specificity, structure, and physiology
The fungi of Ontario. 3, Parasitic microfungi on vascular plants in Northern Ontario
Notes on the effects of the fungus Hydnellum ferrugineum (Fr.) Karst. on forest soil and vegetation
The complete guide to auto body repair
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 1 = Part 1.
Illustrated genera of rust fungi
Forestry leaflet
The evaluation of durum wheat landraces for resistance to wheat yellow rust (Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici) in the Southeastern Anatolia Region, Turkey
Yellow rust on wheat: studies in epidemiology and physiologic specialization
Anodic protection : theory and practice in the prevention of corrosion
Indirect selection for resistance to fusiform rust in Loblolly pine
Fusiform rust resistance in western sources of loblolly pine
Orange Rust of Raspberry and Blackberry
Effects of broom rusts on spruce and fir
Epiphytology of Melampsora rusts of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and aspen (Populus tremula L.)
Release and germination of basidiospores of Melampsora pinitorqua (Braun) Rostr. and M. larici-tremulae Kleb. at various temperatures
The rust fungi of cereals, grasses and bamboos
Identification of multiple Endocronartium pini infections in Scots pine with PCR
Screening of birch, Betula spp., for rust resistance Melampsoridium betulinum
The effect of storage temperature, time and spore source on the germination of Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini aeciospores in vitro
Handbook of the North American Uredinales (rust flora) : including citations and synonymy
Rust diseases of willow and poplar
British rust fungi
Modelling the risk of pine twisting rust (Melampsora pinitorqua) damage in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stands in Finland
Cleaning, pickling and passivation of stainless steels alloys
Tutkimus henkilöauton kriitillisistä korroosiokohdista = Investigation of critical corrosion points of some passanger cars in Finland
Schoenus ferrugineus L. is one of the diagnostic species of calcareous fens, which are floristically rich and scattered locally in Europe. 25 new occurrences, most of them recent ones, have been found in Russia, mostly from the eastern border areas of the species. The new locality in Murmansk Region, reported here, corresponds to the northern limit of this species in Europe, and is situated about 60 km north of the Arctic Circle. The new site is described and the distribution and ecology of the species in Murmansk Region are discussed. It is proposed to change the status of this species in the Regional Red Data Book to 'Critically Endangered'..
Epidemiology of bean common bacterial blight and maize rust in intercropping
Proceedings of the first IUFRO Rusts of Forest Trees Working Party Conference, 2-7 Aug, 1998, Saariselkä, Finland
Fungi of Switzerland : a contribution to the knowledge of the fungal flora of Switzerland. Vol. 5, Agarics , part 3 : Cortinariaceae
Principles and prevention of corrosion
The cereal rusts. Vol. 2, Diseases, distribution, epidemiology, and control
Corrosion and conservation of cultural heritage metallic artefacts
Effects of Melampyrum extracts on the growth of axenic cultures of Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Population genetic structure of Melampsora larici-epitea, a willow leaf rust fungus
Host specificity and genetic differentiation of Melampsora epitea (rust on willows)
Integrated control of cereal mildews and rusts: Towards coordination of research across Europe
A colour handbook of diseases of small grain cereal crops
Lectures on electrochemical corrosion
Assembled papers on the North European rust fungi : nos. 1-16, 1933-1975
Rust resistance in winter-wheat varieties
Corrosion engineering handbook. Fundamentals of metallic corrosion : atmospheric and media corrosion of metals
Parasitism rate by the common cuckoo Cuculus canorus increases with high density of host's breeding pairs
Proceedings of the meeting of the IUFRO Working Party S2.05-05, Resistance in pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, June, 1979, Suonenjoki, Finland = IUFRO:n työryhmän S2.05-05, Versoruosteenkestävyys männyssä, kesäkuussa 1979 Suonenjoella pidetyn kokouksen esitelmät
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
Corrosion engineering : principles and practice
A study on Kamtchatka Uredinales
Metals and corrosion : a handbook for the conservation professional
The distribution of the Uredineae in Scotland
Differentiation of pine shoot tissue in relation to the development of aecia by Melampsora pinitorqua
Conservation of old rusty iron objects : reduction of rust with hydrogen gas
Selecting and breeding pines for resistance to Cronartium quercuum f. sp. fusiforme
Summary.
Corrosion : understanding the basics
Schoenus ferrugineus (Cyperaceae) in Murmansk Region (Russia)
Evidence for resistance of mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii) to birch rust (Melampsoridium betulinum)
A guide to autobody repair takes readers all the way through the process of repairing automotive bodywork, from tools and materials to techniques, covering disassembly, repair, reassembly, and surface preparation while demonstrating how to restore a vehicle damaged by collision, rust, or neglect.
Colonization of Melampsora uredia on aspen leaves by Cladosporium sp
Relationship between Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Screening of birch for rust resistance
Meeting the challenge of yellow rust in cereal crops : proceedings of the First Regional Conference on Yellow Rust in the Central and West Asia and North Africa Region, 8-14 May 2001, Karaj, Iran
The tree rusts of Western Canada
Plant pathology
The effect of a transferred chitinase gene on the pathogen resistance of Silver birch (Betula pendula)
Indications of postglacial and recent bedrock movements in Finland and Russian Karelia
Groundnut rust disease : proceedings of a Discussion Group meeting, 24-28 Sep 1984, ICRISAT Center, India
Classic car bodywork repair manual : the complete illustrated step-by-step guide
Ultimate capacity of stainless steel rectangular hollow section X-joints at low temperatures
Preliminary list of the Uredinales of Washington
On the macroecology of some rust fungi
Variation between half-sib progenies of Pinus sylvestris L. in crown deformations by Melampsora pinitorqua Rostr
Introduction to corrosion science
Introductory mycology
The uredinales or rusts of Connecticut and the other New England states
Effects of elevated UV-B radiation on UV-absorbing pigments and leaf anatomy of a sedge, Eriophorum russeolum
Scots pine diseases : proceedings of an international symposium Kòrnik, Poland, 16-20, May 1989 : joint meeting: 7th European Colloquium of Forest Pathologists and the members of two IUFRO Working Parties S2.05.04 Resistance of pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, S2.06.02 Canker and shoot blight of conifers
Fifty wheat samples collected from 11 different durum wheat landraces produced in the central district and villages of Diyarbakr province were used as study materials. Suspension, prepared as 352,000 spores per ml by using the spores composed of a mixture of yellow rust (Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici) species provided by the Field Crops Central Research Institute, was injected into plant tissue in the pre-earing stage during the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 growing seasons. Of the 50 durum wheat landrace samples 15 used in the study were classified as resistant to yellow rust, 19 as semi-resistant and 14 as semi-susceptible. Moreover, it was also found that one sample from the Asure landrace was in the susceptible group with the highest rust intensity of 61.68% while one sample from the Ruto landrace was found to be in the immune group with an intensity of 0%.
On finnish micromycetes. 3: uredinales of Inari Lapland
Indiana plant rusts : listed in accordance with latest nomenclature
