http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8746 skin diseases
skin diseases
Surgery of the skin : procedural dermatology
Nanotechnology in dermatology
Muller & Kirk's small animal dermatology
Textbook of cosmetic dermatology
An illustrated guide for the diabetic clinic
Handbook of small animal dermatology
This Environmental Health Criteria (EHC) series publication addresses dermal exposure to chemicals. It describes sources and pathways of dermal exposure, models and tools to estimate dermal exposure and methods for dermal exposure prevention and reduction. Furthermore, the EHC introduces skin diseases associated with dermal exposure. This EHC aims to provide information to national regulatory authorities to assist in conducting health risk assessments and managing the risk involving dermal exposure to chemicals.
Advances in genetics
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Primary care dermatology
A short textbook of cosmetology : a short guide to the development, manufacture and sale of modern skin care and skin protection cosmetics with an aside on the history and prehistory of cosmetics
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Pathogenesis and treatment of acne and rosacea
Disorders of fat and cellulite : advances in diagnosis and treatment
Mast cells in human epithelial cancers
Foot-Pad dermatitis in broilers and turkeys : prevalence, risk factors and prevention
"Lever's Histopathology of the Skin, first published in 1949, is a classic work that has been used by dermatopathologists, pathologists, and dermatologists in their own training, in their current practices, and in the training of students. The organization used in the book is based on Walter Lever's original scheme, which is centered on general attributes of the diseases including pathophysiological and etiological considerations"--
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 4
Aesthetics exposed : mastering skin care in a medical setting and beyond
Skin disease in the dog and cat : proceedings of a symposium held at Lanwades Hall, Newmarket, United Kingdom, on November 6-8, 1987
Identification of novel tumor predisposition families and underlying genetic defects
Metastases of malignant melanoma in the gastrointestinal tract
Schering Corporation U.S.A atlas of contact dermatitis
Color atlas and synopsis of clinical dermatology : common and serious diseases
Common skin diseases : a handbook for the aesthetician
New ideal in skin health: separating fact from fiction : practical application of the science of skin care
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Small animal dermatology : a practical guide to the diagnosis and management of skin diseases in dogs and cats
Essentials of medical aesthetics : clinical and scientific skin care & rejuvenation
The effect of systemic treatment on immune responses and skin microbiota in acne
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Skin cancer and sun safety : the essential guide
Rook's textbook of dermatology
Nutrition for healthy skin : strategies for clinical and cosmetic practice
Histological classification of epithelial and melanocytic tumors of the skin of domestic animals
Histologic diagnosis of inflammatory skin diseases : a method by pattern analysis
Cutaneous malacoplacia : a report of two cases and review of the literature
Current veterinary dermatology : the science and art of therapy
Pelodera (syn. Rhabditis) strongyloides as a cause of dermatitis : a report of 11 dogs from Finland : case study
Comprehensive dermatologic drug therapy
Color atlas of small animal dermatology
Cosmetic dermatology : principles and practice
Biochemical modulation of skin reactions : transdermals, topicals, cosmetics
Nutrition and skin
"Cosmetics for skin, hair, and nails play a vital part in the management and treatment of many dermatological conditions; unfortunately, they may also at times be the cause of some dermatological problems. They are therefore subjects where dermatologists need to be aware of the major commercial developments taking place, in addition to the many common Over The Counter products already available, in order to be vigilant in checking the possible benefits or disadvantages for patients.This text takes a serious look at the integration of skin care products, cosmetics, hair adornments, and nail cosmetics in the daily practice of dermatology, expanding the realm of disease treatment beyond diagnosis and treatment into the maintenance phase of healthy skin, hair, and nails"--Provided by publisher.
Advances in veterinary dermatology. Vol. 5, Proceedings of the Fifth World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology, Hofburg Conference Centre, Vienna, Austria, 25-28 August 2004
Health challenged skin : the estheticians' desk reference
How I overcame psoriasis
Hand dermatoses in dairy farmers
"Dermatology, edited by world authorities Jean L. Bolognia, MD, Joseph L. Jorizzo, MD, and Julie V. Schaffer, MD, is an all-encompassing medical reference book that puts the latest practices in dermatologic diagnosis and treatment at your fingertips. It delivers more comprehensive coverage of basic science, clinical practice, pediatric dermatology, and dermatologic surgery than you'll find in any other source. Whether you're a resident or an experienced practitioner, you'll have the in-depth, expert, up-to-the-minute answers you need to overcome any challenge you face in practice."--Publisher's website.
Advances in veterinary dermatology. Vol. 4, Proceedings of the Fourth World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology, San Francisco, USA, 30 August - 2 September 2000
Basic science for modern cosmetic dermatology
Differential diagnosis for the dermatologist
Muller and Kirk's small animal dermatology
Schering Corporation U.S.A. atlas of fungal diseases of the skin
Color atlas of chemical peels
Physiology of the skin
Allergic diseases : diagnosis and treatment
The 5-minute veterinary concultants clinical companion : small animal dermatology
Schering Corporation U.S.A. atlas of erythematous and erythemato-squamous eruptions
Skin diseases of dogs and cats : a guide for pet owners and professionals
McKee's pathology of the skin : with clinical correlations. Vol. 2
Milady's standard : nail technology
50 things you can do today to manage eczema
Andrews' Diseases of the skin : clinical dermatology
Dermatologic complications with body art : tattoos, piercings and permanent make-up
Diseases of the skin : for practitioners and students
Manual of nail disease and surgery
Skin diseases in the dog and cat
Essential aspects of atopic dermatitis
Dermoscopy (also known as surface microscopy) is a clinical technique which allows the detailed examination of pigmented skin lesions and which is more accurate diagnostically than other clinical approaches. This well-illustrated, highly acclaimed reference (previously titled An Atlas of Surface Microscopy of Pigmented Skin Lesions) is one of the first to document this pioneering technique and provide a complete understanding of the use of dermoscopy. It explains the diagnostic features and examines benign, melanocytic, melanoma and non-melanocytic pigmented lesions...Features...Quality reproduction and images from the world's biggest melanoma database. Addition of more than 200 illustrations and shape recognition for increased conceptual understanding.
Fitzpatrick's color atlas and synopsis of clinical dermatology
Allergic skin diseases of dogs and cats
Treatment of psoriasis
Current Research in Canine Dermatology : proceedings from a Symposium on August 30, 2000 at the Fourth World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology, San Francisco, California, USA
Rosacea : your self-help guide
Dermatology handbook : the comprehensive guide to product selection. 2011-2012
Skin care practices and clinical protocols : a professional's guide to success in any environment
Color atlas and text of surgical pathology of the cat and dog : dermatopathology and skin tumors
Text atlas of podiatric dermatology
McKee's pathology of the skin : with clinical correlations. Volume 1-2
Eczema : recipes and advice to provide relief
Dermoscopy : an atlas
Differences in pharmacodynamic response to colchicine between benign and malignant epidermal hyperplasias : an experimental study in skin-tumor-resistant mice
Radiant : recipes to heal your skin from within
Advanced professional skin care : workbook & study guide
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
Cosmetics and dermatological problems and solutions : a problem based approach
Dermatology : a pictorial review
Symposium on Dermatological Psychosomatics
Clinical dermatology of dogs and cats : a guide to diagnosis and therapy
Metastases of malignant melanoma in the stomach and small intestine
Non-infectious skin problems in horses
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 2
Cosmetic applications of laser & light-based systems
Lecture notes. Dermatology
Practical dermatopathology
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Dermatologic, cosmeceutic, and cosmetic development : therapeutic and novel approaches
Understanding skin problems : acne, eczema, psoriasis and related conditions
Elimination of Staphylococcus intermedius in healthy dogs by topical treatment with fusidic acid
Herbal principles in cosmetics : properties and mechanisms of action
Veterinary dermatopathology : a macroscopic and microscopic evaluation of canine and feline skin disease
Skin care beyond the basics
Immunohistologic and electron microscopic study of allergic patch test reaction caused by methylhexahydrophthalic anhydride
Studies on zoophilic dermatophytes and contaminant fungi of the skin with special reference to mycological characterization
The world  of skin care : a scientific companion
The complete acne health & diet guide : naturally clear skin without antibiotics
Girl in the dark
Cell-mediated immunity in dermatophytosis
The clear skin cookbook : how the right food can improve your skin
Infectious skin problems in horses
Ethnic dermatology : clinical problems and skin pigmentation
The skin and gene therapy
Lever's histopathology of the skin
Pathology of the skin : atlas of clinical-pathological correlation
Aging skin : current and future therapeutic strategies
A dermatological view: from physiology to therapy
Fungal infections of the skin, hair and nails
Principles and practice of dermatology
A colour atlas of equine dermatology
An atlas of diseases of the nail
Handbook of non-invasive methods and the skin
Canine and feline skin diseases : instructions for veterinary clients
Hair structure and chemistry simplified
Histological classification of mesenchymal tumors of skin and soft tissues of domestic animals. compiled and reviewed by M. J. Hendrick ... [et al.]
Canine and feline dermatology atlas
Publications 1986-1988 from Department of Dermatology
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus
The practitioners guide to equine dermatology
Demonstrating your clinical competence in respiratory disease, diabetes and dermatology
Contents: Understanding the skin--Risk factors for skin cancer--Non-melanoma skin cancer--Malignant melanoma skin cancer--The emotional effects of skin cancer--Life after skin cancer--All about sunscreen--Skin cancer prevention--Sunbeds and tanning.
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 1
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 3
Advanced professional skin care
Collagen XVII and pathomechanisms of junctional epidermolysis bullosa and gestational pemphigoid
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Atlas of allergies
Lever's Histopathology of the skin
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
A colour handbook of skin diseases of the dog and cat : a problem-oriented approach to diagnosis and management
Clear for Life : Lifestyle for Health, Happiness and Clear Skin
Atlas and synopsis of Lever's histopathology of the skin
Skin deep : an A-Z of skin disorders, treatments and health
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS:studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
Ageless beauty : an insider's guide to advanced alternatives to plastic surgery
Infectious Diseases of the Skin : Dirk M. Elston
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
"Alterations in the amount of subcutaneous fat lead to significant changes in appearance, whether from excess (as seen in bodily obesity) or in loss of fat (as seen in facial lipodystrophy associated with the aging process). This book incorporates the current knowledge of the physiology of fat with the numerous treatment modalities available today; it will be an important review and reference source for any practitioner dealing with the cosmetic treatment of adipose tissue and cellulite"--Provided by publisher.
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
"Embracing both the art and science of skin care, Cosmetic Dermatology covers a wide range of interventions and treatments designed to maintain and beautify healthy skin and protect and improve damaged skin. A 'bible' in the field of cosmetic dermatology, this highly acclaimed text is now in its fourth edition. Focusing on the scientific detail of why and how the biotechnology works, this is an indispensable guide for all involved in this rapidly expanding field"--Provided by publisher.
