http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8744 allusions
allusions
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
T. S. Eliot in context
Diangu 100 = Stories behind 100 chinese idioms
Allusions in detective stories and their translation into Finnish
Allusion : a literary graft
The children's book
An absorbing dictionary that clearly explains the meanings of references and allusions that are likely to be encountered in modern English. Drawing on the resources of the Oxford English Corpus, illustrative examples are provided for almost every entry. Fully cross-referenced and with a thematic index, it is ideal for browsing or quick reference.
The paper house
The Kenyan epic novelist Ngugi : his secular reconfiguration of Biblical themes
Charlotte Brontë's atypical typology
Can you spot it? : recognising allusions from Terry Pratchett's novel 'Guards! Guards!' and it's translation 'Vartijat hoi!'
Allusion to the poets
The Oxford dictionary of allusions
Ulysses
Translating humoristic allusions in Jane Evanovich's One for the money and Two for the Dough
The "Lord" in the Lord of the Rings : christian imagery and allegorical allusions in J.R.R. Tolkien's epic saga
Gulliver's travels into Finnish : translations of Swift's social critique 1876-1932
Secret language
Fun home : a family tragicomic
"Zooropa! my Zooropa!" : U2's critique of Europe in the 1990s
The year of the flood
A prophet reads scripture : allusion in Isaiah 40-66
The culture of Joyce's Ulysses
Beyond identification : proper names in children's literature
The word at war : World War Two in 100 phrases
Translating implied meanings in poetic texts
Coleridge, Wordsworth and the language of allusion
Subtitling strategies for humorous puns and allusions in an American situation comedy
Herrick, Fanshawe and the politics of intertextuality : classical literature and seventeenth-century royalism
Ulysses : [a reader's edition]
Brewer's dictionary of phrase & fable
Aspects of translatability : a case study of All the lonely people by Marcia Muller
Looking for a home : literary allusions in V.S. Naipaul's The enigma of arrival and David Dabydeen's Disapperance
Dubbing vs. subtitling : comparing the translation strategies of allusions and wordplay in the Finnis versions of Shrek 2
Translating allusions in fantasy fiction : a case study of allusions in Terry Pratchett's Soul music
Renaissance of classical allusions in contemporary Russian media
Whose foreign is it anyway? : players and boundaries in culinary culture : case study, Nigella express and Hamlyn all colour cookbooks
Unoriginal genius : poetry by other means in the new century
Cultural and textual properties in translation and interpretation of allusions : an analysis of allusions in Dorothy L. Sayers' detective novels translated into Finnish in the 1940s and the 1980s
Allusion, authority, and truth : critical perspectives on Greek poetic and rhetorical praxis
The web of traditon : uses of allusion in V. S. Naipaul's fiction
Oxford dictionary of phrase and fable
The Oxford dictionary of phrase and fable
Translating allusions : an intertextual approach : a study of allusions in the Finnish translations of Dorothy L. Sayers' detective novel Whose Body?
Why do we quote? : the culture and history of quotation
The anatomy of influence : literature as a way of life
The Poetry of allusion : Virgil and Ovid in Dante's Commedia
Translation of characters in Terry Pratchett's Discworld-novels
"T. S. Eliot's work demands much from his readers. The more the reader knows about his allusions and range of cultural reference, the more rewarding his poems, essays and plays are. This book is carefully designed to provide an authoritative and coherent examination of those contexts essential to the fullest understanding of his challenging and controversial body of work. It explores a broad range of subjects relating to Eliot's life and career; key literary, intellectual, social and historical contexts; as well as the critical reception of his oeuvre. Taken together, these chapters sharpen critical appreciation of Eliot's writings and present a comprehensive, composite portrait of one of the twentieth century's pre-eminent men of letters. Drawing on original research, T. S. Eliot in Context is a timely contribution to an exciting reassessment of Eliot's life and works, and will provide a valuable resource for scholars, teachers, students and general readers"
"Got milk?" : translating wordplay and allusions : a comparative study of translation strategies in the Finnish and German subtitles of CSI : Miami
Reading Ulysses with an eye to the cultural references embedded within it, Kershner interrogates modernism's relationship to contemporary popular culture and literature. Examples underscore Kershner's corrective to formal approaches to genre as he broadens the methodologies that are used to study it to include social and political approaches.
Faithfullness versus fluency : counting the cost
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
The literature student's survival kit : what every reader needs to know
The Routledge dictionary of cultural references in modern French
On the treatment of allusions and the use of CAT tools in literary translation with reference to the translation into Finnish of The Children of Men by P. D. James
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
Grand allusions : a lively guide to those expressions, terms, and references you ought to know but might not
Adonis to Zorro : Oxford dictionary of reference and allusion
Allusion and text interpretation : a case study
Down the comic route : a study on metafiction and humour in Kate Atkinson's Emotionally weird: a comic novel
Who killed Kenny? - allusion and intertextuality in the animated cartoon South Park
O brave new world - o sick new world : an intertextual study of allusion in John Fowles's The collector
Biblical quotations and allusions in Second Temple Jewish literature
Translating 'Looking for Andrew McCarthy' by Jenny Colgan : a descriptive analysis of the translation strategies used for culture-bound elements and allusions
Cultural and textual properties in the translation and interpretation of allusions : an analysis of allusions in Dorothy L. Sayers' detective novels translated into Finnish in the 1940s and the 1980s
Translation of allusions in the animated cartoon The Simpsons
Christina Rossetti's "Goblin market" : Milton revised or revived?
Friends, Gauls, countrymen : strategies for translating allusions in Asterix from French to English
"I don't even want to figure that one out" : subtitling realia and allusions in Gilmore Girls
Bloom leads readers through the labyrinthine paths which link the writers and critics who have informed and inspired him for so many years.
Intertextuality : debates and contexts
