http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8749 pregnancy
pregnancy
Epidemiological and genetic study of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants:specific aspects of twin and multiple births
Finding calm for the expectant mom : tools for reducing stress, anxiety, and mood swings during your pregnancy
Daisy's back in town
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use
Gestational diabetes:metformin treatment, maternal overweight and long-term outcome
Radiation dose and radiation risk to foetuses and newborns during x-ray examinations
Special features of health services and register based trials : experiences from a randomized trial of childbirth classes
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Adolescent reproductive health in Finland : oral contraception, pregnancies and abortions from the 1980s to the 1990s
Nutshell : a novel
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
New pregnancy and birth
Parental separation at birth and maternal depressed mood in pregnancy : associations with schizophrenia and criminality in the offspring
Pregnancy for modern girls : the naked truth about being pregnant
Life before birth : the challenges of fetal development
You, me and him
The ultimate guide to pregnancy for lesbians : how to stay sane and care for yourself from presonception through birth
A baby at the beach cafe
When you're expecting twins, triplets, or quads : proven guidelines for a healthy multiple pregnancy
Healthy pregnancy
A special something
The day-by-day pregnancy book : comprehensive advice from a team of experts and stunning images for every single day
This document reviews the medical eligibility criteria for use of contraception, offering guidance on the safety of use of different methods for women and men with specific characteristics or known medical conditions. The recommendations are based on systematic reviews of available clinical and epidemiological research. It is a companion guideline to 'Selected Practice Recommendations for Contraceptive Use'. Together, these documents are intended to be used by policy-makers, programme managers, and the scientific community, to support national programmes in the preparation of service delivery guidelines.
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Expecting a baby? : a complete guide to pregnancy, birth and your baby's first six weeks
Foetal attraction
"Evidence-based care is a well established principle in contemporary healthcare and a worldwide health care movement. However, despite the emphasis on promoting evidence-based or effective care without the unnecessary use of technologies and drugs, intervention rates in childbirth continue to rise rapidly. This new edition emphasises the importance of translating evidence into skilful practice. It updates the evidence around what works best for normal birth, aspects of which still remain hidden and ignored by some maternity care professionals. Beginning with the decision about where to have a baby, through all the phases of labour to the immediate post-birth period, it systematically details research and other evidence sources that endorse a low intervention approach. The second edition: - has been expanded with new chapters on Preparation for Childbirth and Waterbirth - highlights where the evidence is compelling - discusses its application where women question its relevance to them and where the practitioner's expertise leads them to challenge it - gives background and context before discussing the research to date - includes questions for reflection, skills sections and practice recommendations generated from the evidence. Using evidence drawn from a variety of sources, Evidence and Skills for Normal Labour and Birth critiques institutionalised, scientifically managed birth and endorses a more humane midwifery-led model. Packed with up-to-date and relevant information, this text will help all students, practising midwives and doulas keep abreast of the evidence surrounding normal birth and ensure their practice takes full advantage of it"--Provided by publisher.
Supporting self-care in nutrition with pregnant young adult women
Diagnostic medical exposures : advice on exposure to ionising radiation during pregnancy
Selected practice recommendations for contraceptive use : 2008 update
Pregnancy : questions and answers : everything you need to know - week by week
There's a house inside my mummy
"In today's perfectionistic culture, pregnant women are expected to be boundlessly optimistic and literally glowing with happiness. What often go unacknowledged are the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. This book offers strategies and solutions for confronting and relieving the stress of pregnancy. Think about some of the words so commonly used to describe a pregnant woman: "radiant," "glowing," "serene." But even for women who are thrilled to be having a baby, pregnancy can also be a difficult time filled with ambivalence, anxiety, and moodiness. Women who are typically accustomed to having complete control over their bodies endure waves of morning sickness, discomfort with their expanding belly, exhaustion, and anxiety about the impact a baby will have on their career, relationships, and freedom. Many pregnant women feel guilty about the challenging emotions; they face enormous societal pressure to be ecstatic about impending motherhood and wonder what is wrong with them when they don't feel the happiness they think they should be experiencing. Research shows that excessive stress during pregnancy is associated with premature birth and low birth weight. But relief does not come in the form of a pill--antidepressants have the potential to cause pregnancy complications and lifelong harm to unborn babies. Finding Calm for the Expectant Mom presents a seven-step program that shows women what they can do to feel happier, calmer, and less stressed in a safe and natural way. With the tools and problem-solving techniques presented here, women can adjust their expectations, restructure negative thought patterns, cultivate resiliency, and become better prepared to take on the role of motherhood"--
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
The attachment pregnancy
Doing pregnancy, the unborn, and the maternity healthcare institution
The pregnancy instruction manual   : essential information, troubleshooting tips, and advice for parents-to-be
The expectant father : the ultimate guide for dads-to-be
Evidence-based hypertension
Marital satisfaction as a predictor for mother's and father's prenatal attachment representations
This book examines how adolescence, menstruation and pregnancy were experienced or 'managed' by active women in Britain between 1930 and 1970, and how their athletic life-styles interacted with their working lives, marriage and motherhood. It explores the gendered barriers which have influenced women's sporting experiences. Women's lives have always been shaped by the socially and physically constructed life-cycle, and this is all the more apparent when we look at female exercise. Even self-proclaimed 'sporty' women have had to negotiate obstacles at various stages of their lives to try and maintain their athletic identity. So how did women overcome these obstacles to gain access to exercise in a time when the sportswoman was not an image society was wholly comfortable with? Oral history testimony and extensive archival research show how the physically and socially constructed female life-cycle shaped women's experiences of exercise and sport throughout these decades.
It's the summer of 1933 and Alice Eveleigh has arrived at Fiercombe Manor in disgrace. Hiding her shame in this isolated house concealed within a Gloucestershire valley in the care of housekeeper, Mrs Jelphs, Alice soon begins to sense that something isn't quite right within the walls of this beautiful manor - for one thing she is being watched...There are secrets at Fiercombe that those who remain there are determined to keep. Tragedy haunts the empty rooms and foreboding hangs heavy in the stifling heat. Traces of the previous occupant, Elizabeth Stanton, are everywhere, and Alice discovers Elizabeth's life eerily mirrors the path she herself is on. The past is set to repeat its sorrows, and with devastating consequences.
Giving birth : the great adventure
The his and hers guide to pregnancy and birth
Expecting better : why the conventional pregnancy wisdom is wrong and what you really need to know
Obstetrics illustrated
Working woman's pregnancy
Sleep and cytokine concentrations during pregnancy
The Snapper
Born in the USA : exceptionalism in maternity care organisation among high-income countries
The fertility plan : your guide to concieving a healthy baby
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Household fuel and garbage combustion, street vending activities and adverse pregnancy outcomes:evidence from urban Ghana
Just like proper grown-ups
Urinary estetrol and estriol in normal and complicated pregnancies
Pohjoismaiset perinataalitilastot = Nordisk perinatalstatistik = Perinatal statistics in the Nordic countries
Yoga for pregnancy, birth and beyond
The marvel of life
An expanded and updated month-to-month guide to the emotional, financial, and physical changes the father-to-be may experience during his partner's pregnancy.
Braided lives : a novel
Parental separation at birth and maternal depressed mood in pregnancy: associations with schizophrenia and criminality in the offspring
Happy, healthy pregnancy : 50 things you really need to know
This is the complete guide to getting pregnant and improving fertility naturally -- even if you've been told your chances of conception are low. A nationally renowned women's health and fertility expert, Aimee Raupp has helped thousands of women optimize their fertility and get pregnant. Now, in this book, she provides her complete program for improving your chances of conceiving and overcoming infertility, including the most effective complementary and lifestyle approaches, the latest nutritional advice, and ways to prepare yourself emotionally and spiritually.
Skinny bitch : bun in the oven : a gutsy guide to becoming one hot and healthy mother!
First trimester screening and Down syndrome
Maternal thyroid function during pregnancy:effects on pregnancy, peri- and neonatal outcome and on later maternal health
Raskaudenkeskeytykset 2010 = Aborter 2010 = Induced abortions 2010
Getting pregnant : how to improve your chances of a healthy conception
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
The headspace guide to ... a mindful pregnancy
Spiritual pregnancy : develop, nurture, & embrace the journey to motherhood
Preparing for birth with yoga
Psychological factors affecting the participation of pregnant women in physical activities in Uganda
The Mother of all pregnancy books
Have a happy pregnancy
The baby-making bible : simple steps to enhance your fertility and improve your chances of getting pregnant
The baby bump : 100s of secrets for those 9 long months
All we shall know
Ask a midwife : all your pregnancy and birth questions answered with wisdom, insight, and expertise
The ones below : alakertalaiset
Risk factors and pathways leading to suicide with special focus in schizophrenia:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Exercise in the female life-cycle in Britain, 1930-1970
Pregnancy Q & A
Easy pregnancy with yoga
Christine Hill's pregnancy guide  : the essentia lhandbook for all expectent mothers
Hedelmöityshoidot 2009-2010 = Assisterad befruktning 2009-2010 = Assisted fertility treatments 2009-2010
Third degree
Frozen embryo transfer:early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
The pregnancy & postpartum anxiety workbook : practical skills to help you overcome anxiety, worry, panic attacks, obsessions, and compulsions
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
Endothelial function and regulation of vascular tone in normal and complicated pregnancies
The yummy mummy's survival guide
The rise and fall of the wonder girls
The practical encyclopedia of pregnancy & babycare
Hedelmöityshoidot 2011-2012 : Assisterad befruktning 2011-2012 = Assisted fertility treatments 2011-2012
Becoming Scarlett
Evidence and skills for normal labour and birth : a guide for midwives
Feelings of fear and security associated with pregnancy and children : experiences reported before and after childbirth
Development of maternity clinic on the net service : views of pregnant families and professionals
Yoga mama : the practitioner's guide to prenatal yoga
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
Baby brains
You and your baby pregnancy : the ultimate week-by-week pregnancy guide
"Positive and accessible, Your Fit Pregnancy breaks down exercise and nutrition into a trimester-by-trimester guide, with workouts (focusing on strength training, cardio, and yoga and stretching), plus meal plans and 50 recipes like Pumpkin Granola Yogurt Parfait, Smoky Corn and Edamame Beef Chili, and Simple Ginger Soy Poached Salmon.  Author Erica Willick is a mother, two-time North American fitness champion, and founder of Sisters in Shape who also write a blog about pre- and postnatal fitness and health.  She says in the introduction, '...these principles and programs were made to help you navigate through your pregnancy journey healthier and even fitter,'"--page [4] of cover.
Your pregnancy week by week
Cardiovascular response to the upright position during pregnancy
Yoga Sadhana for Mothers is the first book dedicated to the subject of Ashtanga yoga, pregnancy, birth and motherhood. Written with the blessing of the late yoga master Shri K. Pattabhi Jois's family, this book offers the guidance, shared wisdom and practical tips that every student of Ashtanga yoga needs for the journey into motherhood and beyond.
Jaundice in late pregnancy
Super foods for pregnancy
Spiritual pregnancy : growing to be the mother you were meant to be : creating a soul-connection to your baby before it's even born
Yours, faithfully
I don't know why she bothers : guilt-free motherhood for thoroughly modern women
The bump class : an expert guide to pregnancy, birth and beyond
A baby before dawn
Your pregnancy : the netmums.com guide to having a baby
Along the infinite sea
The day-by-day pregnancy book : comprehensive advice from a team of experts, and stunning images for every single day
The complete guide to pregnancy and fitness
The politics of female households : ladies-in-waiting across early modern Europe
Dear thing
Before the war
The baby
Super healthy pregnancy supercharged
Women's satisfaction with maternity health care services in Helsinki : emphasis on maternity outpatient clinic visits
Look at you now : one girl's journey from shame to strength
Baby Brains
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
Mind, body, baby : how to overcome stress & enhance your fertility with CBT, mindfulness & good nutrition
Llewellyn-Jones fundamentals of obstetrics and gynaecology
Low-dose aspirin therapy in IVF and ICSI patients
ECDC scientific advice on seasonal influenza vaccination of children and pregnant women
Second pregnancy : your pregnancy bible
Your antenatal care : a comprehensive guide to routine health checks and medical care throughout pregnancy
Choices in pregnancy and childbirth : a guide to options for health professionals, midwives, holistic practitioners, and parents
When it first hit bookstores in 2004, actress and new mother Jenny McCarthy's "Belly Laughs" became a "New York Times"-bestseller, popular for its candid discussion of the joys of pregnancy--the gassiness, constipation, queasiness, and exhaustion, plus the forgetfulness, crankiness, and constant worry. Never shy, frequently crude, and always laugh-out-loud funny, McCarthy covers it all in the grittiest of girlfriend detail, from morning sickness and hormonal rage, to hemorrhoids, pregnant sex, and the torture and sweet relief that is delivery. In July 2013, Barbara Walters confirmed that McCarthy would officially become a co-host on "The View" when it launches its seventeenth season in September. She will surely bring the outspoken humor that has made "Belly Laughs" such a perennial seller to the hit show.
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
Your pregnancy companion
Fertility & conception
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Prevention of Vesicovagina fistula : a literature review and experience from Zambia
The dark road
The trouble with keeping mum
Expecting : the inner life of pregnancy
It's not the stork : a book about girls, boys, babies, bodies, families, and friends
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
We're  having a baby  [Elektroninen aineisto] : a guidebook for expectant parents
The complete guide to aqua exercise for pregnancy and postnatal health
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
Experimental strategies for placental gene transfer and gene expression in preeclamptic placenta
Your fit pregnancy : nutrition & exercise handbook
Preparing for childbirth : a practical guide to childbirth choices
Thyroid function of mother and child and their impact on the child’s neuropsychological development
The IVF diet : the plan to support IVF treatment and help couples conceive
Unintended pregnancy among currently pregnant maried women in Nepal
New natural pregnancy : a practical holistic guide to wellbeing from conception to birth
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
Emma Cannon's total fertility : [how to understand, optimize and preserve your fertility]
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
98 days : one family's journey through the NICU
First trimester Down's syndrome screening : the role of biochemistry
The good birth companion : your essential guide to having the best labour and birth
Pregnancy : an infographic guide
Bump it up : the dynamic, flexible exercise and healthy eating plan for before, during and after pregnancy
There's going to be a baby
The bloke's guide to pregnancy
Pregnancy day-by-day : a unique pregnancy diary, personal planner and information-packed guide
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
Yes, you can get pregnant : natural ways to improve your fertility now & into your 40s
"Everything you wanted to know but were too embarrassed to ask - a guide to pregnancy and birth straight from the midwife's mouth"-- Back cover.
"A revised and updated edition of the classic handbook for women seeking a safe, organic, eco-friendly, and natural pregnancy, featuring an integrative-based approach with new medical, herbal, and nutritional information. Over the last two decades, The Natural Pregnancy Book has ushered thousands of women through happy and healthy pregnancies. Addressing women's health from conception to birth, Dr. Romm describes herbs that can promote and maintain a healthy pregnancy, and allays such familiar concerns as anxiety, fatigue, morning sickness, and stretch marks. She also discusses the components of a healthy diet, with an emphasis on natural foods. New to this edition is integrative health advice based on Dr. Romm's new credentials as a Yale-trained physician, combined with her twenty years of experience as a midwife and herbalist"--
Heartburn : for print disabled people
Patterns for pregnancy
A child is born
Waiting for baby
The birth partner : everything you need to know to help a woman through childbirdth
The good girl
Bring it on, baby : [how to have a dudelike pregnancy]
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
"Filled with unique insights into the spiritual nature of pregnancy, this compassionate guide takes you, the expectant mother, and your loved ones along a “hero’s journey” of discovery. Each trimester correlates to a stage of the epic journey where emotional, spiritual, and physical connections heighten your awareness of yourself and your unborn child. Through these stages, the mundane and everyday are elevated to the sublime and transformative.  With their extensive training and experience in allopathic wellness and integrative medicine, Shawn A. Tassone and Kathryn M. Landherr have created a book full of guided meditations, journaling exercises, and spiritual traditions from a variety of cultures."--Publisher description.
Ruthless game
Prenatal and perinatal risk factors for bipolar disorder
Myles textbook for midwives
Uncertain motherhood : negotiating the risks of the childbearing years
Baby-buns
Super fit mama : stay fit during pregnancy and get your body back after baby
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Belly laughs : the naked truth about pregnancy and childbirth
Daughters unto devils
Fed up of advice that did not take into account a less than perfect pregnancy, Dr Chiara Hunt and Marina Fogle set up their pregnancy course, The Bump Class, in London in 2013. They wanted to help prepare new mothers thoroughly for the birth of their babies and instil in them the joy and happiness of birth, no matter what the method, time or setting of the labour. This book is a pragmatic and honest look at pregnancy, giving pregnant women and new mothers sensible and practical advice on what is to be expected (as well as the often unexpected!) in a friendly and open manner.
How to grow a baby and push it out : your no-nonsense week-by-week guide to pregnancy and birth
Pregnancy for dads
Nutrition in pregnancy and growth
Henoch-Schönlein purpura in children: long-term outcome and treatment
The natural pregnancy book : your complete guide to a safe, organic pregnancy and childbirth with herbs, nutrition, and other holistic choices
The baby diaries
Pregnancy chic : the fashion survival guide
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Fit for birth and beyond : the guide for women over 35
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY & MEDICINE. When Chitra Ramaswamy discovered she was pregnant, she longed for a book that went above and beyond a manual; a book that did more than describe what was happening in her growing body. One that, instead, got to the very heart of this overwhelming, confusing and exciting experience. Expecting takes the reader on a physical, emotional, philosophical and artistic odyssey through pregnancy. A memoir exploring each of the nine months of Chitra's pregnancy, Expecting is a book of intimate, strange, wild and lyrical essays that pay tribute to this most extraordinary and ordinary of experiences.
Iyengar yoga for motherhood : safe practice for expectant and new mothers
Watch me... grow !: a unique, 3-dimensional, week-by-week look at baby's behaviour and development in the womb
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
In Bump it up, Greg clears away the confusion and dispels the many myths surrounding exercise and pregnancy to offer invaluable guidance on how to exercise safely and eat healthily through each trimester and beyond. Describing pregnancy as a two-year journey, not merely one that lasts for nine months, Greg, a father of three, also explains how the right exercise and a healthy, balanced lifestyle will...
Birth by design : pregnancy, maternity care, and midwifery in North America and Europe
Portrait of Elli
What to expect when you're expecting
Tank girl. Apocalypse
The girl in the photograph
Risk pregnancy : preeclampsia
The girlfriends' guide to pregnancy : or everything your doctor won't tell you
Yoga Sadhana for mothers : shared experiences of Ashtanga yoga, pregnancy, birth & motherhood
Men's Socio-Demographic Background and Maternal Health Care Utilization in Ethiopia
