http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8740 concern
concern
Bioethical analysis of the results : how well do laws and regulations address people's concerns?
What should we be worried about? : real scenarios that keep scientists up at night
Relieved after doctor's consultation? : primary health care patients' complaint-related worries
Hope and worry : exploring young people's values, emotions, and behavior regarding global environmental problems
Freeing yourself from anxiety : four simple steps to overcome worry and create the life you want
"Worrying: A Literary and Cultural History is a unique approach to the inner life and its ordinary pains. It charts the emergence of our contemporary conception of worry, which originated with the Victorians and became established after the First World War as a feature of modernity. It was, for some writers between the Wars, the 'disease of the age.'Worrying considers the kind of worry-fearful, non-pathological, and hidden questioning about uncertain futures-which is every day. It offers a 'short' history of worry as it came into language in the early twentieth century and a 'long' history: an account of worry as the natural bedfellow of a world in which we try to live by reason and believe we have the right to choose. It finds in the worrier a peculiar contemporary sufferer, whose world is not only exceptionally familiar but deeply strange. This book suggests that when we take worry into account, we realize just how little we know of others.Offering an intimately personal account of an all too common human experience, and of a word that slips in and out of ordinary conversation so that it has become invisible in its familiarity, Worrying is a book about the sadness of everyday and how the modern world has shaped it"--
"A literary and cultural exploration of worry and the modern mind"--
Social aspects of air pollution : sociodemographic differences in exposure, perceived annoyance and concern about air pollution
Treating health anxiety : a cognitive-behavioral approach
"In today's perfectionistic culture, pregnant women are expected to be boundlessly optimistic and literally glowing with happiness. What often go unacknowledged are the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. This book offers strategies and solutions for confronting and relieving the stress of pregnancy. Think about some of the words so commonly used to describe a pregnant woman: "radiant," "glowing," "serene." But even for women who are thrilled to be having a baby, pregnancy can also be a difficult time filled with ambivalence, anxiety, and moodiness. Women who are typically accustomed to having complete control over their bodies endure waves of morning sickness, discomfort with their expanding belly, exhaustion, and anxiety about the impact a baby will have on their career, relationships, and freedom. Many pregnant women feel guilty about the challenging emotions; they face enormous societal pressure to be ecstatic about impending motherhood and wonder what is wrong with them when they don't feel the happiness they think they should be experiencing. Research shows that excessive stress during pregnancy is associated with premature birth and low birth weight. But relief does not come in the form of a pill--antidepressants have the potential to cause pregnancy complications and lifelong harm to unborn babies. Finding Calm for the Expectant Mom presents a seven-step program that shows women what they can do to feel happier, calmer, and less stressed in a safe and natural way. With the tools and problem-solving techniques presented here, women can adjust their expectations, restructure negative thought patterns, cultivate resiliency, and become better prepared to take on the role of motherhood"--
The big match
Worrying : a literary and cultural history
Finding calm for the expectant mom : tools for reducing stress, anxiety, and mood swings during your pregnancy
The creative matrix : anxiety and the origin of creativity
Drat that cat!
Coping with anxiety : ten simple ways to relieve anxiety, fear and worry
Psychology, mental health and distress
Emily Brown and the elephant emergency
The huge bag of worries
How not to worry : the remarkable truth of how a small change can help you stress less and enjoy life more
