http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8755 tannins
tannins
Bush encroachment and the role of browse in cattle production : an ecological perspective from a bush encroached grazing system, Olifants Drift, Kgatleng District, Southeast Botswana
Changes in proanthocyanidin pathway affect other phenolics and growth of aspen and birch
Content of total phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity (FRAP) were investigated in the leaves of three sea buckthorn (Hippophaë  rhamnoides L.) cultivars: "Otradnaja", "Gibrid Pertjika" and "Ljubitelskaja", at different dates. In addition, major phenolic compounds (catechin, kaempferol, quercetin, epigallocatechin, kaempferol-3-O-glucoside, quercetin-3-O-galactoside, isorhamnetin-3-O-glucoside, rutin, gallic acid, procyanidin monomer glycoside, procyanidin dimer aglycone and hydrolyzable tannins I-III) were determined in "Ljubitelskaja". Antioxidant capacity and the content of total phenolic compounds fluctuated during April, May and June, and then increased until the end of July, when the highest values were observed. Total phenolic compounds were strongly correlated with FRAP. Levels were generally higher in "Ljubitelskaja" than in "Otradnaja" and "Gibrid Pertjika". In "Ljubitelskaja", hydrolyzable tannins I-III occurred in higher amounts than did any of the other studied phenolic compounds. The developmental stage of the leaves (harvesting date) had a strong influence on content of phenolic compounds and should be carefully considered when harvesting sea buckthorn leaves for different purposes.
Berry polyphenol absorption and the effect of northern berries on metabolism, ectopic fat accumulation, and associated diseases
Investigating the interaction between tannins and proteins by isothermal titration calorimetry
Changes in content of major phenolic compounds during leaf development of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.)
Birch leaf hydrolysable tannins : chemical, biochemical and ecological aspects
The impact of genetic background and cultivation methods on the bioactive compounds and sensory properties of strawberries
In vitro effect of condensed tannins from tropical fodder crops against eggs and larvae of the nematode Haemonchus contortus
Polyphenol-protein interactions
Leather technician's handbook
Temporal variation and trade-offs in mountain birch leaf chemistry and resistance to herbivores
Concepts in wine chemistry
Understanding the bioactivity of plant tannins : developments in analysis methods and structure-activity studies
Advances in ecological research : vol. 19. 19
Brown algal phlorotannins : improving and applying chemical methods
Conservation of leather and related materials
Chemoecological role of tannins in woody plants
Phenolics in food and nutraceuticals
Protein facts : fibrous proteins in cultural and natural history artifacts
Production of sugars, ethanol and tannin from spruce bark and recovered fibres
Chemical ecology and phytochemistry of forest ecosystems
Plant resources of tropical Africa 3 : dyes and tannins
Storage of spruce pulpwood : effects on wood and mechanical pulp
Chemistry and biology of ellagitannins : an underestimated class of bioactive plant polyphenols
Chemical and functional properties of full fat and defatted Dioclea reflexa seed flours
