http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8754 food technology
food technology
Food processing operations and scale-up
Practical food rheology : an interpretive approach
Handbook of food engineering practice
"The market for functional food products is estimated at between US$10 billion and US$30 billion and is expected to double by 2010. With this demand for new products comes a demand for product development and supporting literature for that purpose. This book provides a much-needed review of important opportunities for new products from many perspectives including from those with in-depth knowledge of as-yet unfulfilled health-related needs. The book addresses functional food product development from a number of perspectives: the process itself; idea creation; regulation; health research that may provide opportunities; and processes and ingredients. It also features case studies that illustrate real product development and commercialization histories. Written for food scientists and technologists, the book presents practical information for use in functional food product development. It is intended for use by practitioners in functional food companies and food technology centres and will also be of interest to researchers and students of food science"--Provided by publisher.
Milk and dairy product technology
Mendel in the kitchen : a scientist's view of genetically modified foods
Cassava in food, feed, and industry
High pressure processing of foods
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
Encapsulated and powdered foods
Computer-aided techniques in food technology
Probiotic dairy products
Food and bio process engineering
Food preservation techniques
Nanotechnology in the food, beverage and nutraceutical industries
Functional food product development
Agricultural energy : selected papers and abstracts from the 1980 ASAE National energy symposium. Vol. 3, Food processing
Ultrafiltration handbook
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Germination : a means to improve the functionality of oat
Food technology in the year 2000 : proceedings of the International Minisymposium on Food Technology in the Year 2000, Helsinki, November 14, 1989
Handbook of meat processing
Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on the Processing Tomato : Sacramento, California 10-13 June, 2000
Effects of variation in whey and processing factors on whey protein concentrates : composition and gelation properties = Effekter av variasjon i myse og teknologiske faktorer på myseproteinkonsentrater : sammensetning og gel dannende egenskaper
Novel food processing technologies
Food technology
Barley for food and health : science, technology, and products
Modelling of the jet impingement heat transfer for cooling of cylindrical foods
Elementary food science
Risk-based food inspection manual
Baking science and technology. Volume 1, Fundamentals & ingredients
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality in Chains : an integrated view on fruit and vegetable quality : 6-9 July, 2003, Wageningen, The Netherlands
Food process design
The use of smoke flavourings for the processing of salmon has begun to substitute traditional smoking methods. This review examines the quality issues associated with salted salmon "smoked" by this technique along the salting and smoking steps. Firstly, the evidence is examined to determine whether dry or brine salting is better for salmon flesh destined to be treated by liquid smoking. Secondly, influence of liquid smoking on the sensorial, physicochemical and textural characteristics of the flesh are described, as are its effects on potential spoilage organisms.
Concise encyclopedia of bioresource technology
Food processing handbook. Volume 2
Food science and technology international
Lyophilization : introduction and basic principles
Texture in food. Vol. 1, Semi-solid foods
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Biotechnology
Mechanical properties of oats and oat products
Proteins in food processing
Characteristics of dry- and brine-salted salmon later treated with liquid smoke flavouring
Principles of enzymology for the food sciences
Baking science and technology : in two volumes
Automatic control of food manufacturing processes
Journal of food processing and preservation
Food polysaccharides and their applications
Handbook of food engineering
Freezing of fruits and vegetables : an agribusiness alternative for rural and semi-rural areas
Journal of food protection
The importance of securing a safe and wholesome food supply is receiving more attention than ever before. Although the fish industry has been at the forefront of implementing food quality and safety regulations and programmes, the availability and harmonization of scientific information related to the safety and quality of fishery products require improvement. And with increasing demands and higher standards facing the food industry, there is a growing need for special programmes to help developing countries implement new international instruments.
Marine & freshwater products handbook
Rheological in-line techniques based on ultrasound Doppler methods for the food industry : a literature survey
The sous vide handbook : a user's guide to the system
Detecting foreign bodies in food
Public participation in technology assessment in France
Frozen & chilled foods Europe
Bioscience, biotechnology, and biochemistry
Make money by growing mushrooms
Healthgrain methods : analysis of bioactive components in small grain cereals
Food extrusion science and technology
Sensory design of easy-to-chew food for elderly : ingredients and manufacturing conditions with focus on meat and carrot : literature review
International journal of food properties
More efficient utilization of fish fisheries products : proceedings of the International Symposium on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the Japanese Society of Fisheries Science, held in Kyoto, Japan, 7-10 October 2001
Quality and preservation of vegetables
Clean air solutions in food processing
Food research international
Frozen & chilled foods
Manual of equipment and design for the foodservice industry
High hopes for post-harvest : a new look at village-scale crop processing
Breakfast cereals and how they are made
Inventory of chestnut research, germplasm and references
Food engineering : principles and selected applications
Meeting the mycotoxin menace
Food engineering, quality and competitiveness in small food industry systems : with emphasis on Latin America and the Caribbean
Journal of food process engineering
Asean food journal
Handbook of food preservation
Coffee. Vol. 2, Technology
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
Report and papers presented at the Second Workshop on Fish Technology, Utilization and Quality Assurance in Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 24-28 November 2008 = Rapport et documents présentés au deuxième Atelier sur la technologie, l'utilisation et l'assurance de qualité du poisson en Afrique : Agadir, Maroc, 24-28 novembre 2008.
Coffee : recent developments
International journal of food science & technology
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
Mathematical modelling of food processing operations
Food biotechnology
Vibrational spectroscopy - rapid, non-destructive measurement methods to characterize quality parameters in animal tissue = Vibrasjons spektroskopi - hurtige, ikke-destruktive målemetoder for karakterisering av kvalitetsegenskaper i animalsk vev
Food science & technology today
Tailored technologies for future foods : report 2001-2004
A problem in gluten analysis has been inconsistent extractability of prolamins, particularly from processed foods consisting of unknown portions of prolamins from wheat, barley, and rye. This study aimed at improving the extraction of prolamins for immunological analysis, regardless of the cereal species and the production process. The prolamins were extracted with varying concentrations of ethanol, 1-propanol, and 2-propanol. Sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and Western blotting were applied to study the protein composition of the extracts and the antibody recognition of the prolamin subgroups. We characterized the affinities of prolamin-specific antibodies that are used in gluten analysis against the prolamin groups that were soluble in 40% 1-propanol. The antibody R5 recognized more abundantly the medium-molecular weight groups, including polymeric proteins, and less the high-molecular weight groups than the anti-ù-gliadin antibody. In the present study, the prolamins were most efficiently extracted by 40% 1-propanol with 1% dithiothreitol at 50 °C . The prolamins were extracted from processed bread samples with efficiency similar to that from untreated meal samples.
Vegetable processing
An investigation into the chemical and physical changes taking place in chilled foods during storage and distribution. Part A, Greenhouse effect
Edible sciences : the scope of food chemistry and engineering
Handbook of food proteins
Proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium on the Processing Tomato : Melbourne, Australia, November 15-18. 2004
Engineering for dairy and food products
Extrusion cooking
Overview on different sterilization techniques for baby food
Introduction to food process engineering
Minimal processing technologies in the food industry
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Food technology and quality evaluation
Journal of food engineering
Improving the fat content of foods
Processing vegetables : science and technology
Microencapsulation of food ingredients
Fifth World Fish Inspection and Quality Control Congress : 20-22 October 2003, The Hague, Netherlands
Sanitation in food processing
Microstructural principles of food processing & engineering
Food and package engineering
Food biotechnology in ethical perspective
Food and bio process engineering : dairy technology
Proceedings of the Eighth International ISHS Symposium on Processing Tomato : Istanbul, Turkey, 8-10 June 2002
Fats in food products
Starches : characterization, properties, and applications
Engineering properties of foods
Report and papers presented at the Seventh FAO Expert Consultation on Fish Technology in Africa : Saly-Mbour, Republic of Senegal, 10-13 December 2001 = Rapport et documents présentés à la septième Consultation d'experts FAO sur la technologie du poisson en Afrique : Saly-Mbour, République du Sénégal, 10-13 décembre 2001.
Packaging for nonthermal processing of food
Handbook for the fruit processing industry
Essentials of food science
Surimi and surimi seafood
Transactions of the ASAE
Handbook of food process design. Vol. 1-2
Food processing : (Itasca, IL)
Handbook of food powders : processes and properties
Developments in food science
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Extrusion processing : a study in basic phenomena and application of systems analysis
Processed foods for improved livelihoods
Energy in food processing
Improving the thermal processing of foods
Biofilm formation and its elimination from food processing equipment
Food processing technology : principles and practice
This manual provides information on freezing technology to preserve fruits and vegetables in small-scale operations. Practical examples demonstrating the application of the technology are given to provide a better understanding of the processes. Compared to other conventional methods used in the storage of fruits and vegetables, freezing is the most satisfactory method in terms of quality, process and overall cost. Currently, the frozen food market is one the largest sectors in the food industry. Industrialized countries dominate the trade in frozen food commodities, but developing countries can also develop their own frozen food industries. Introduction of adequate freezing technology is essential to meet the growing consumer demand for frozen foods in developing countries.
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Tropical and Subtropical Fruits : Bogor, Indonesia, November 3-7, 2008
Preconcentration and drying of food materials : Thijssen Memorial Symposium - proceedings of the International Symposium on Preconcentration and Drying of Foods, Eidhoven, the Netherlands, November 5-6, 1987
Poultry products processing : an industry guide
Enzymes in food processing
The chemistry and technology of edible oils and fats and their high fat products
The science of sugar confectionery
Ultra-high-temperature processing of milk and milk products
Report and proceedings of the sixth FAO Expert Consultation on Fish Technology in Africa, Kisumu, Kenya 27-30 August 1996 = Rapport et contributions de la sixième Consultation d'experts FAO sur la technologie du poisson en Afrique, Kisumu, Kenya 27-30 ao
Principles of food preservation
Meat products handbook : practical science and technology
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Plant proteins from European crops : food and non-food applications : with 91 figures
Beverages : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Handbook of breadmaking technology
A nordic research programme on food biotechnology. 5, Food biotechnology : summary report
Priciples and practices of small- and medium-scale fruit juice processing
Processing foods : quality optimization and process assessment
Applied engineering in agriculture
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Batters and breadings in food processing
Proceedings of the XIIth International Symposium on the Processing Tomato
Wheat flour milling
Manual on fish canning
Green technologies in food production and processing
Gluten-free food science and technology
Commercial fruit processing
Encyclopedia of agricultural, food, and biological engineering : Volume 1.
Unit operations in food processing
Processing and quality of foods. Vol. 2, Food biotechnology: avenues to healthy and nutritious products
Bioconversion in food technology : proceedings : second Franco-Finnish symposium on biotechnology Helsinki, 8-10 February 1978
Practical fermentation technology
New methods in food processing
Handbook of vegetable preservation and processing
Food factories : processes, equipment, costs
Measuring, monitoring, and optimizing food processes
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Food science & nutrition
Oilseed crops
Improved extraction of prolamins for gluten detection in processed foods
Changes in bacterial population and antimicrobial resistance during cold storage in conventional and organic raw milk
Microbiology laboratory guidebook
Bivalve depuration : fundamental and practical aspects
Baking science & technology. Volume 2, Formulation & production
