http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8756 polyphenols
polyphenols
Flavonoids and other polyphenols
Respiratory allergy is constantly encountered and is sharply on the rise, particularly in the two most vulnerable age-groups: young children and seniors. Allergy results in airway hyperactivity and increased airway resistance, with all inflammatory sequelae being ensued. The chapters show how respiratory allergy research is interconnected with other disciplines by discussing neurotransmitter, membrane receptor, and ionic channel mechanisms of allergy and by giving diagnostic and pharmacological cues on desensitization and therapy.
Concentrations and among-compound correlations of individual phenolics in white birch leaves under air pollution stress
The role of serum enterolactone in lipid peroxidation and cardiovascular disease
Plant polyphenols : synthesis, properties, significance : Proceedings of the second North A>merican tannin conference on plant polyphenols ... held in June 17-21, 1991 in Houghton, Michigan
Polyphenolic and essential oil composition of Mentha and their antimicrobial effect
Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases - Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics
Polyphenols communications 2004
The impact of genetic background and cultivation methods on the bioactive compounds and sensory properties of strawberries
Polyphenols of hardwood species : monitoring of wood dust exposure
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Concepts in wine chemistry
Oxidative stress and inflammation underpin most diseases; their mechanisms are inextricably linked. For example, chronic inflammation is associated with oxidation, anti-inflammatory cascades are linked to decreased oxidation, increased oxidative stress triggers inflammation, and redox balance inhibits the inflammatory cellular response. Whether or not oxidative stress and inflammation represent the causes or the consequences of cellular pathology, they contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of non-communicable diseases. The incidence of obesity and other related metabolic disturbances are rising, as are age-related diseases due to progressively aging populations. Interrelations between the mechanisms of oxidative stress and of inflammatory signaling and metabolism are, in the broad sense of energy transformation, being increasingly recognized as part of the problem in non-communicable diseases. The book Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases: Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics is an update on the latest research on the molecular basis of non-communicable diseases and the search for possible therapeutic alternatives. The authors of this monograph are experts in their field, and the book as a whole, provides an overview of the biochemical alterations underlying diseases such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, obesity, renal disease, neurological diseases and diabetes, emphasizing those aspects that they share in common. We hope that this book will be useful for researchers in biomedicine, and also for physicians interested in finding the root causes of the disease, as well as for post-graduate students in biochemistry, molecular biology, nutrition or medicine.
Recent advances in polyphenol research. Vol. 2
Handbook of food analytical chemistry. Vol. 2, pigments, colorants, flavors, texture, and bioactive food components
Inflammation in age-related macular degeneration and its regulation by sirtuin ligands
Synthesis of isoflavone conjugates
Effects of ellagitannin rich berries on blood lipid profiles, gut microbiota and metabolism of phenolic compounds in metabolic syndrome
Summary.
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Methods in polyphenol analysis
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
A plausible mechanism for copper-catalyzed oxidative chlorophenol coupling reactions : semi-empirical AM1 and AB initio 3-21G molecular studies
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Recent advances in polyphenol research. Vol. 1
The spindle assembly checkpoint as a drug target : novel small-molecule inhibitors of aurora kinases
Residues of certain chlorinated and aromatic compounds in Finnish population groups
Water-soluble polysaccharides and phenolic compounds in Norway spruce and scots pine stemwood and knots
Allergens and Airway Hyperreactivity
Microbial activities in boreal soils : biodegradation of organic contaminants at low temperature and ammonia oxidation
Natural compounds as therapeutic agents for amyloidogenic diseases
Chemistry and biology of ellagitannins : an underestimated class of bioactive plant polyphenols
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Wood biochemicals for the protection of health : focus on hemicellulose. stilbenoids and lignans
