http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8758 Lutheranism
Lutheranism
On the life and work of the Helsinki Lutheran parishes
In side out : worship in an age of mission
A tale of two synods : events that led to the split between Wisconsin and Missouri
Abstract.
The Reformation : faith and flames
"In early modern Europe it has been estimated that up to one in two children did not survive to the age of ten. In the light of this high mortality rate, some historians have argued that parents did not form close relationships with their children, especially the very young. This is clearly refuted by the testimony of bereaved parents such as Martin Luther, and by the volume of consolatory writings produced for grieving families in early modern Lutheran Germany. The authors, clergymen and lay people, regarded grief as a deep wound which required treatment, and they applied the balm of consolation through sermons, tracts and occasional poetry. This study analyses these writings, focusing particularly on the neglected genre of the epicedium (funeral poem). It asks how and why poetry was used to counter the affective impact of parental bereavement, and considers what makes it a suitable vehicle for consolation. The study seeks to rehabilitate a neglected genre and participates in discussions on the sociology of death, Lutheran teachings about death and mourning, literary presentations of mortality and loss, and the depiction of children and parent-child relations in literature."--BOOK JACKET.
Christian dogmatics. Volume 1
Hate is the sin : putting faces on the debate over human sexuality
Manual on the liturgy - Lutheran book of worship
Teachers in Christian education : report of a survey on the LWF member churches
Communio Sanctorum : the church as the communion of saints
Angles on Lutheran theological aesthetics
Diakonia in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of diakonia
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
Encountering God : the legacy of Lutheran book of worship for the 21st century
Russian and Baltic Lutheran liturgy in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
This is the gripping story of the American army chaplain sent to save the souls of the Nazis incarcerated at Nuremberg. Lutheran minister Henry Gerecke was fifty years old when he enlisted as an army chaplain during World War II. As two of his three sons faced danger and death on the battlefield, he tended to the battered bodies and souls of wounded and dying GIs outside London. But at the close of the European theater, with Hitler defeated and scores of American troops returning home to resume their lives, he received his most challenging assignment: he was sent to Nuremberg to minister to the twenty-one imprisoned Nazi leaders awaiting trial for crimes against humanity. This work unearths groundbreaking new research and compelling firsthand accounts to take us deep inside the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, into the very cells of the accused and the courtroom where they answered to the world for their crimes. Never before in modern history had man accomplished mass slaughter with such precision. These twenty-one Nazis had sat at the right hand of Adolf Hitler; Hermann Goering, Albert Speer, Wilhelm Keitel, Hans Frank, and Ernst Kaltenbrunner were the orchestrators, and in some cases the direct perpetrators, of the most methodical genocide in history. As the drama leading to the court's final judgments unfolds, the author brings Henry Gerecke's impossible moral quandary to life: How, having risked his own life (and those of his sons) to eliminate the Nazi threat, could he now win the confidence of these men? In the months after the war ended, Gerecke had visited Dachau. He had touched the walls of the camp's crematorium. He had seen the consequences of the choices these men had made, the orders they had given and carried out. As he worked to form compassionate relationships with them, how could he preach the gospel of mercy, knowing full well the devastating nature of the atrocities they had committed? And as the day came nearer when he had to escort these men to the gallows, what comfort could he offer and what promises of salvation could he make "to evil itself" Detailed, harrowing, and emotionally charged, this is an incisive history of the Nuremberg trials as well as a nuanced reflection on the nature of morality and sin, the price of empathy, and the limits of forgiveness.
Martin Luther : confessor of the faith
The Roman Catholic papacy has long been a thorny issue dividing the ecumenical church. In this book several outstanding Lutheran and Catholic theologians, known collectively as the Group of Farfa Sabina, present the results of their five-year dialogue, showing how the papal (Petrine) ministry might actually serve to unify the worldwide communion of churches. Offering biblical, historical, and canonical analyses of key Vatican texts, this volume opens up paths to new and surprising Lutheran-Catholic convergences. The volume as a whole reflects the mutual commitment of Farfa Sabina members to shaping declarations of intent into effective realities. -- Review: William G. Rusch -- Yale Divinity School "This work is an indispensable resource for anyone interested in overcoming the disunity of the churches. It demonstrates how high-quality scholarship can enlighten questions about the papacy that at first glance appear closed. Disclosing the potential for degrees of resolution to what were once regarded as intractable barriers to greater unity, this report cannot be recommended too highly." John A. Radano -- Seton Hall University "A significant contribution to promoting ecumenical advance, this book is a must-read for those interested in the work of reconciliation among divided Christians."
Koinonia : services and prayers = Liturgien und Gebete = services et prières = liturgias y oraciones
Natural law : a Lutheran reappraisal
Defending faith : Lutheran responses to Andreas Osiander's doctrine of justification, 1551-1559
"The Reformation: A Brief History is a succinct and engaging introduction to the origins and history of the Protestant Reformation. A rich overview of the Reformation, skillfully blending social, political, religious and theological dimensions A clearly and engagingly written narrative which draws on the latest and best scholarship Includes the history of the Reformation in Scandinavia and Eastern Europe, areas that are rarely covered in any detail The Reformation is placed in the context of the entire history of Christianity to draw out its origins, impetus, and legacy "--
The use of the means of grace : a statement on the practice of Word and sacrament
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
World Lutheranism : a select bibliography for English readers
Martin Luther's anti-Semitism : against his better judgment
Faith lies at the heart of human life, and not just in religious contexts. But just what is faith? In this book William Lad Sessions ventures a new approach to this age-old problem. Viewing it in global terms, he provides an effective and insightful set of analytical tools for deepening our understanding of the ideas of belief.
New creation : a liturgical worldview
Women in the Lutheran tradition : proceedings of the International Consultation of Lutheran Women Theologians : Karjaa, Finland, 18-23 August 1991.
Encountering Christ in proclamation : Lutheran-Pentecostal consultation, Pasadena, CA, December 9-13, 2006.
A history of Lutheranism
The missionary, the catechist and the hunter : Foucault, protestantism and colonialism
In your light we see the light : Martin Luther's understanding of faith and reality between 1513 and 1521
Faith and human rights : voices from the Lutheran Communion
Charismatic renewal and the Lutheran tradition
The experience of Christ's real presence in faith : an analysis on the Christ-presence-motif in the Lutheran charismatic renewal
Luther Refracted speaks to the currency that Luther's life and thought continue to enjoy in today's Christian reflection. The contributors, representing a variety of Christian denominations, demonstrate Luther's lasting impact on their own traditions and, together with the Lutheran respondents, encourage a fresh understanding of the Reformer. In their at times vigorous engagement, Luther's legacy comes to light not only as variously received but also as contradicted, and transformed, only to reemerge as a fruitful leaven for further thought and transformation. All the essays presented here witness to Luther's significance as a formidable doctor ecclesiae, a teacher of the church.
The gift of grace : the future of Lutheran theology
The Lutheran understanding of ministry : statement on the basis of an LWF study project
A case for character : towards a Lutheran viritue [sic] ethics
Christification : a Lutheran approach to theosis
Self-understanding and ecumenical role of the Lutheran World Federation : report on a study process 1979-1982
Lutheran cyclopedia
A brief history of the Chinese Lutheran Church
Between vision and reality : Lutheran Churches in transition
The theology of the cross
Luther's works. Vol. 58, Sermons V
Growth in ecumenical commitment - experiences and perspectives : report of the consultation on the ecumenical orientation and work of the LWF, Geneva, December 19-22, 1983.
No greater jewel : thinking about baptism with Luther
Burning to read : English fundamentalism and its Reformation opponents
The aim of the dissertation is to investigate and clarify Martin Luther's understanding of faith and of reality in his biblical lectures between the years 1513 and 1521. The method of the study is systematic analysis. With regard to its content the work can be seen as an investigation of the history of ideas or dogma. The general context of the study is the examination of the cognition of God in terms of knowledge of acquaintance, as in the tradition of divine illumination. The specific background is the understanding of faith as union with Christ in the Finnish School of Luther research. The study first examines Luther's understanding of reality and then Luther's understanding of faith, as the two are connected. With regard to Luther's understanding of reality, the nature of God, the universe and the human being are examined. Central to the understanding of God is the eternal birth of Christ seen through the concept of the highest good, the idea of God as light, and the divine as uniting contraries. With regard to the universe, the creation as a sign of God, the distinction between the visible and the invisible world, and their coming together in Christ and the Church are examined. With regard to the human being, the distinction between the tripartite and the bipartite anthropologies is analyzed. In them the spirit is the highest part of the human being, capable of grasping God. In the carnal person the spirit is dead and empty. It is made alive by faith. However, the natural capacities cannot grasp the content of faith. Therefore, there is a cognitive and affectual conflict between the flesh and the spirit in the Christian person. With regard to the understanding of faith, Luther's relation to divine illumination is examined. Luther's reading of Ps. 4:7 represents a realist, Augustinian view of illumination. For Luther, the divine light by which the soul knows the true good is precisely the light of faith. Luther defines faith as actual and immediate cognition of God. In relation to God, with regard to the intellect, it is an incomprehensible, captivating light. With regard to the affect, it is a light which grasps God as the highest good, creating joy and delight. In relation to the universe, faith is a light of understanding (intellect) in which all things are seen as related to God. It is also a light for the affect that directs through tribulations, towards good thoughts and actions. Faith is distinct from the heavenly vision because it is only partial possession, it is commixed with the human nature of Christ, and it is made enigmatic by sin. Luther understands the cognition of God through the concept of infused faith. Acquired faith (dogmas or trust) is secondary, but plays a role in tribulations, in which God is not yet perceived as the immediate content of faith. Luther's understanding of faith thus follows in its general form the theory of divine illumination. Luther attributes this illumination to the light of faith, which becomes the true theological intellect. Luther's early theology as a whole can be seen as a continuation of the theology of the medieval Augustinian School. The centrality of faith, seen in interpretation of the divine light precisely as faith, guards the sola gratia principle fundamental to Luther.
Patristic tradition and intellectual paradigms in the 17th century
Lutherans in Brazil 1990 : history, theology, perspectives
Called and ordained : Lutheran perspectives on the office of the ministry
Community in Christ
On the early history of conceiving an independent Lutheran people's church in 19th-century Estonia
The freedom of a Christian : grace, vocation, and the meaning of our humanity
Liberated by God's grace
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Martin Luther as comforter : writings on death
Becoming friends in Christ : the relationship between man and woman as seen by Luther
The formative period of the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran church in America or Suomi synod
Luther as a spiritual adviser : the interface of theology and piety in Luther's devotional writings
Christian education in a secularized society : Lutheran World Federation Regional Consultation, Eastern Africa
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
"In 1517, the actions of a simple monk ushered in a period of unparalleled religious and political upheaval. The Reformation: A Brief History provides a succinct yet comprehensive introduction to this extraordinary period, showing how and why the Protestant Reformation arose and unfolded. In this rich account, the author skillfully blends social history, religious and theological ideas with economic and political factors. The description is well-rounded, drawing not just on the actions of the main characters, but also the experiences and ideas of ordinary people, the quest for social justice, and the conflicting approaches to Christian unity. The events of the Reformation are placed in the context of Christian history to offer a fuller understanding of the period. The result is a truly engaging narrative that shows the reader exactly what was at stake, and why, as the events unfurled. Accessible, lucid and based on the best of current research, this book offers readers a wonderful overview of one of the most critical periods in Western history"--
Worship as repentance : Lutheran liturgical traditions and Catholic consensus
The fabricated Luther : refuting Nazi connections and other modern myths
Justification and participation in Christ : the development of the Lutheran doctrine of justification from Luther to the Formula of concord (1580)
The Variety of American evangelicalism
The church's year : propers and seasonal rites
Guidelines for pictorial representations in Lutheran ecclesiastical art
The annotated Luther. Volume 3, Church and sacraments
In Jesus Christ - a new community : study contribution of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Hungary to the Sixth Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation in Dar-es-Salaam, 1977
The Reformation : a brief history
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.2
The Lutheran world federation
A series of essays that examine the meaning of Christian freedom; the relationship between Christian freedom and obedience; questions regarding obedience, vocation, and responsibility to family and country; and the ethics of genetic engineering, stem cell research, and end-of-life decisions.
Spirituality : toward a 21st century Lutheran understanding
Five centuries of Lutheranism in Poland
Communion of churches and Petrine ministry : Lutheran-Catholic convergences
Congregational song : proposals for renewal
The Estonian evangelical Lutheran church today
Words about the wor(l)d : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Rytų Prūsijos liuteronų liturginė tradicija ir lietuviškoji raiška Reformacijos ir Donelaičio laikų agendose = The East Prussian Lutheran liturgical tradition and its Lithuanian expression from the Reformation to the agendas of the Donelaitis era
The Finnish evangelical Lutheran church
Mother church : ecclesiology and ecumenism
Luther's works. Vol. 60, Prefaces II
Christian mission and a diakonia of reconciliation : a global reframing of justification and justice
The early Luther : stages in a Reformation reorientation
Report of the consultation for East African church leaders, studio directors and church communicators : Arusha, Tanzania, March 1981
The annotated Luther. Volume 4, Pastoral writings
Luther on the Christian life : cross and freedom
Crossing over : one woman’s exodus from Amish life
Ordination of the first Protestant Indian pastor Aaron
Martin Luther and Islam : a study in sixteenth-century polemics and apologetics
The Ordination of women in Lutheran churches : analysis of an LWF survey
To speak or not to speak? : proposed criteria for public statements on violations of human rights
The doctrine of faith : a study of the Augsburg Confession and contemporary ecumenical documents
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 3
The suffering of God according to Martin Luther's 'Theologia crucis'
Even the Calvin celebrations 2009 presented Reformation as it is: international, ecumenical, multifarious – even more that just Martin Luther. These essays of renowned theologians focus on Lutheranism debating about the arising Calvinism. With contributions by Irene Dingel, Matthias Freudenberg, Wim Janse, Robert Kolb, Martin Leiner, Volker Leppin und Herman Selderhuis.
Lutheran identity and political theology
... that the Gospel may be sincerely preached throughout the world : a Lutheran perspective on mission and evangelism in the 20th century
Lutheran churches in Slovakia
Reason and belief
The annotated Luther. Volume 2, Word and faith
Laudamus : hymnal for the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für den Lutherischen Weltbund = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundet
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 4
Lutheran higher education in North America
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.1
Lutherans and the challenge of religious pluralism
"Volume 4 of The annotated Luther series presents an array of Martin Luther's writings related to pastoral work, including sermons, hymns, letters, writings on prayer and the Christian life, as well as his widely used Small catechism. Prefaces to his own writings contain his reflections on his own reforming work. Each volume in The annotated Luther series contains new introductions, annotations, illustrations, and notes to help shed light on Luther's context and interpret his writings for today."-- (irtokansi)
Christian communication today : some Lutheran contributions
In recent bilateral ecumenical dialogue the aim of the dialogue has been to reach some form of doctrinal consensus. The three major chapters of the book discuss the variety of forms of doctrinal consensus found in ecumenical dialogues among Anglicans, Lutherans and Roman Catholics. In general, the dialogue documents argue for agreement/consensus based on commonality or compatibility. Each of the three dialogue processes has specific characteristics and formulates its argument in a unique way. The Lutheran-Roman Catholic dialogue has a particular interest in hermeneutical questions and proposes various forms of 'differentiated' or perspectival forms of consensus. The Anglican-Roman Catholic dialogue emphasises the correctness of interpretations. The documents consciously look towards a 'common future', not the separated past. "Ecclesiological Investigations" brings together quality research and inspiring debates in ecclesiology worldwide from a network of international scholars, research centres and projects in the field.
The role of mission in the future of Lutheran theology
Confirmation in the Lutheran churches today : report of Studies on confirmation in the LWF member churches in 1979-1986
Episcopacy in the Lutheran Church? : studies in the development and definition of the Office of Church Leadership
The concept of faith : a philosophical investigation
Selected writings of Martin Luther
See how they love one another : rebuilding community at the base
Aspects of Arminian soteriology in Methodist-Lutheran ecumenical dialogues in 20th and 21st century
Augustana annual : 1948 yearbook for the Evangelical Lutheran Augustana Synod
Transformative theological perspectives
Agreeable agreement : an examination of the quest for consensus in ecumenical dialogue : ecclesiological investigations
Luther's works. Vol. 59, Prefaces I
Global church : global justice : documentation from the Meeting of the Council of the Lutheran World Federation 13-23 September 1992, Madras, India
On the way to visible unity, Meissen, 1988 : relations between the Church of England, the Federation of the Evangelical Churches in the German Democratic Republic and the Evangelical Church in Germany in the Federal Republic of Germany
Lutheran theological seminary : fiftieth anniversary 1913-1963
The promise of Lutheran ethics
Luther, Lutheranism and the Jews : a record of the second Consultation between representatives of The International Jewish Committee for Interreligious Consultations and The Lutheran World Federation held in Stockholm, Sweden, 11-13 July 1983
African theology as liberating wisdom : celebrating life and harmony in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Botswana
The Reformation
Spiritualism: a challenge to the churches in Europe
Liberated by God's grace : 2017 - 500 years of reformation
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
Antsirabé : a record of the second All-Africa Lutheran Conference, Antsirabé, Madagascar, September 8-18, 1960.
Luther refracted : the reformer's ecumenical legacy
Daily prayer
Salvation and sanctification according to Luther
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
Historical dictionary of Lutheranism
A basic history of lutheranism in America
Lutheranism : the theological movement and its confessional writings
Variation in the understanding of Lutheranism and its implications for religious education : meaning discernment of students and teachers in Finnish upper secondary schools
Holy communion and related rites
Justification : the article by which the Church stands for
Martin Luther once said, »Many of the Fathers have loved and praised the Book of Psalms above all other books of the Bible. No books of moral tales and no legends of saints which have been written, or ever will be, are to my mind as noble as the Book of Psalms ...« Despite their richness, the Psalms also raise some interpretive challenges. How do we read such difficult passages as the one which advocates the violent destruction of one's enemies? Are we to ignore these and embrace only those that edify us? This collection of essays by renowned international scholars addresses such issues as the history and contemporary Lutheran and ecumenical interpretations of Psalms and provides valuable interpretive insights for theologians, biblical scholars, pastors, counselors and students.With contributions by Lubomir Batka, Andrea Bieler, Brian Brock, Hans-Peter Großhans, Elelwani B. Farisani, Jutta Hausmann, Anni Hentschel, Frank-Lothar Hossfeld, Craig R. Koester, Madipoane Masenya, Karl-Wilhelm Niebuhr, Urmas Nommik, Roger Wanke and Vitor Westhelle. [Das Lied des Herrn in der Fremde singen. Psalmen in zeitgenössischer lutherischer Interpretation] Ungeachtet ihres Reichtums werfen die Psalmen auch Fragen der Interpretation auf. Wie sollen wir Sätze verstehen, in denen die Vernichtung von Feinden begrüßt wird? Sollen wir sie ignorieren und nur die uns aufbauenden Passagen zur Kenntnis nehmen? Diese Aufsatzsammlung bekannter internationaler Wissenschaftler spricht solche Fragen der Interpretation im historischen und gegenwärtigen lutherischen und ökumenischen Kontext an und liefert wichtige Einsichten für Theologen, Bibelwissenschaftler, Pfarrer, Seelsorger und Studenten.
The repression of the evangelical lutheran church in Lithuania during the stalinist era
Gathered for worship
The Lutherans in North America
Short presentation of the Orthodox-Lutheran dialogues
Lutheran patristic catholicity : the Vincentian canon and the consensus patrum in Lutheran orthodoxy
The Lutheran Church in American history
Lutherans in ecumenical dialogue : 2003-2010
Lutheran mission work among the American Indians
Poetry and parental bereavement in early modern Lutheran Germany
Luterilainen lähetyskäsitys = Foundations of Lutheran Mission
Proclaiming the Gospel : preaching for the life of the church
More than six decades ago, thousands of Germans were put to death for their attempt to overthrow the National Socialist tyranny. Most of them were Christian; some Roman Catholic, and some Lutheran. The most famous among the latter group were Dietrich Bonhoeffer and Carl Friedrich Goerdeler. This study will show that both men acted in accordance with Martin Luther's teachings on how and when to resist secular authority, although many eminent scholars and scribes have promoted the cliche that Luther was somehow to blame for Hitler's rise to power.
About some problems of teaching of ethics in the christian context
Authority vested : a story of identity and change in the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod
Communication and development : summary report of the consultation of African churches, Limuru, Kenya, 1986
Finnish Lutheran church of Los Angeles : 50th anniversary 1917-1967 : Los Angeles, California September 30 - October 1, l967
The church emerging : a U.S. Lutheran case study
In the context of unity : a history of the development of the Lutheran book of worship
Faith and holiness : Lutheran-Orthodox dialogue 1959-1994
Martin Luther
The Lutheran confessions : history and theology of The book of Concord
Lutheraneren
Minutes of the seventeenth biennial convention : directory of boards, agencies and committees constitution and by-laws, des Moines, Iowa, October 4-12, 1950.
The Lutheran Nordic welfare states
What about to go to the Mass!
Most Luther scholars have focused largely on the polemical side of the reformer with only occasional allusion to his Devotional Writings. The aim of this book is to unfold the pastoral not the polemical side of the reformer drawing on the spiritual insights he offers to people of high and low estate. These writings are devotional and catechectial in shape and intent yet not devoid of rich theological substance the fruit of his rigorous reflections. They are the exercises of Luther's basic calling as a theologianpastor and are the concrete illustrations of the interface of theology and piety the former being the abiding presupposition of the latter. Dr Ngien's work reveals Luther as a true theologian i.e. theologian of the cross at work in the pastoral context.
Luther's works. 69, Sermons on the Gospel of St. John, Chapters 17-20
Mission at Nuremberg : an American army chaplain and the trial of the Nazis
Was there a Lutheran metaphysics? : the interpretation of communicatio idiomatum in early modern Lutheranism
Doctrine, dynamic and difference
Commission on inner missions : report 1952-1957 : Lutheran World Federation Assembly, August 15-25, 1957 Minneapolis, Minn
Freedom in response : Lutheran ethics : sources and controversies
Lutherans and Episcopalians together : a guide to understanding
The encyclopedia of the Lutheran Church. Volume 1, A - E
A letter from a nun to her Lutheran uncle about orthodoxy
The Missionary, the Catechist and the Hunter examines the role of Protestantism in the Danish colonization of Greenland and shows how the process of colonization entails a process of subjectification where the identity of indigenous population is transformed. The figure of the hunter, commonly regarded as quintessential Inuit figure is traced back to the efforts of the Greenlandic intelligentsia to distance themselves from the hunting lifestyle by producing an abstract hunter identity in Greenlandic literature.--
Mission in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of mission
One of the most divisive issues in Western Christianity since the Reformation is the question of how humans are justified by God. In 1999, after many decades of ecumenical dialogue, Lutherans and Roman Catholics have declared that this issue of justification by faith is no longer a cause of division between them. One of the fascinating features of this Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) is that it expresses a differentiated consensus on justification. The method of differentiated consensus is generally regarded as an important methodological step forward in the ecumenica.
Lutheran theological seminary : Hong Kong
Justification in a post-Christian society
A short history of lutheranism in Hungary
Historical introductions to the symbolical books of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
Eucharistic sacrifice and patristic tradition in the theology of Martin Bucer, 1534-1546
Together in mission and ministry : papers presented in October 2008 in Åkersberg, Höör, Sweden : Porvoo Research Network
Theological practices that matter
Compendium locorum theologicorum ex Scripturis sacris et libro Concordiae
Meeting of the Executive Committee August 3-14, 1981, Turku, Finland. Exhibits 13.1, 13.2, 13.3, 13.4 etc. - Annual reports of LWF member churches and national committees
Singing the songs of the Lord in foreign lands : Psalms in contemporary Lutheran interpretation
Nominalist psychology and the limits of canon law in late medieval Erfurt
