http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8751 abortion
abortion
Legal issues in obstetrics
Lebensschutz im Strafrecht = The protection of life in criminal law
The first abortion - and the last ? : a study of the personality factors underlying repeated failure of contraception
Abortion rights as religious freedom
Raskaudenkeskeytykset 2014 : Aborter 2014 = Induced abortions 2014
The ethics of health care : a guide for clinical practice
Demographic yearbook 2003 = Annuaire démographique 2003
A comparison between two doses of intravaginal misoprostol and gemeprost for induction of second-trimester abortion
Variations in the Amnionless gene in recurrent spontaneous abortions
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
The Bible now
Abortion, fertility, and changing legislation : an international review
Paradoxes in legal abortion : a longitudinal study of motives, attitudes and experiences in women and men
Abortion policies : a global review. Vol. 2, Gabon to Norway
What is a person?
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Narratives of sorrow and dignity : Japanese women, pregnancy loss, and modern rituals of grieving
The status of the human embryo and fetus in Finnish law
Buddhism and abortion
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
What makes women sick? : maternity, modesty, and militarism in Israeli society
Family matters : catholic theology of the family
One quarter of humanity : Malthusian mythology and Chinese realities, 1700-2000
Ethics in medicine
A study of abortion in Sweden : a contribution to the United Nations world population conference
This volume explores the concept of Japanese reproductive rights and liberties in light of recent developments in disability studies. Masae Kato asks important questions about what constitutes personhood and how, in the twenty-first century, we come to understand eugenic abortion and other bioethical arguments. Tracing the origin and influence of the concept of a "right," the author places the term in local social and historical contexts in order to determine that it still carries overtones of Anglo-American philosophy, rather than universal truth. Digging deeply into Japanese debates on selective abortion, Women's Right? discusses how this charged term can be both de-Westernized and de-masculinized, especially in its appropriations by the Japanese women's movement and disability scholars.
Mother-love and abortion : a legal interpretation
This collection of sixteen essays by Irish feminist scholars and activists explores the politics of abortion in Ireland. The authors consider the social, ethical and political implications.
Abortion : experiences from Finland
Ethics in midwifery
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
This volume argues that legislation on abortion, adultery, and rape has been central to the formation of the modern citizen. The author draws on rights literature, bio-political scholarship, and a gender-studies perspective as a foundation for rethinking the sovereign relationship. In approaching the politicization of reproductive space from this direction, the study resituates the role of rights and rights-granting within the sovereign relationship. A second theme running throughout the book explores the international implications of these arguments and addresses the role of abortion, adultery and rape legislation in constructing 'civilizational' relationships. In focusing on the Ottoman Empire, Turkey, France and Italy as case studies, Miller presents a discussion of what 'Europe' is, and the role of sexuality and reproduction in defining it.
Contested lives : the abortion debate in an American community
Taking chances : Abortion and the decision not to contracept
Abortion : statutes, policies and public attitudes the world over
Billions and billions : thoughts on life and death at the brink of the millennium
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 31, 1993
Principles of medical law
Finnish yearbook of population research. 47, 2012
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
Abortion, the silent holocaust
Studies on induced abortion and parturition, and uterine involution in the bovine
Declining induced abortion rate in Finland : data quality of the Finnish abortion register
Medico-legal aspects of reproduction and parenthood
The foetal condition: a sociology of engendering and abortion
The sexual dilemma : abortion, homosexuality, prostitution, and the criminal threshold
Abortion and constitutional law : a comparative European-American study
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Women's rights? : social movements, abortion and eugenics in modern Japan
Language and ideology in the Irish abortion debate
Childbirth education : practice, research and theory
Social ethics : morality and social policy
Abortion and divorce in Western law
Conceiving the embryo : ethics, law and practice in human embryology
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
Pregnancy and abortion : psychodynamic correlates of the woman's experience of elective early termination of her pregnancy
Aborter i Norden = Induced abortions in the Nordic countries
Little bones
Abortion : the international agenda
How to use the abortion pill
The abortion papers : Ireland
Marketing the menacing fetus in Japan
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
Abortion freedom : a worldwide movement
Life's beginnings : law and moral dilemmas
Aborttitilasto 1997 = Abortstatistik 1997 = Abortions 1997
Abortion and the politics of motherhood
Liquid life : abortion and Buddhism in Japan
Women, society, the state and abortion : a structuralist analysis
The birth lottery : prenatal diagnosis and selective abortion
Abortion bibliography for 1970
The moral ontology of human fetuses : a metaphysical investigation of personhood
Abortion in the early middle ages, c. 500-900
Persons, rights, and abortion
Braided lives : a novel
Sexual health
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
Decoding abortion rhetoric : communicating social change
The rights and wrongs of abortion
Abortion policies : a global review. Vol. 3, Oman to Zimbabwe
Prenatal diagnosis : confronting the ethical issues
Law and bioethics : an introduction
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
Have the aims of the Finnish abortion law been reached?
The criminalization of abortion in the West : its origins in medieval law
Permission and regulation : law and morals in post-war Britain
The cider house rules
The ethics of abortion : women's rights, human life, and the question of justice
Medicine, medical ethics and the value of life
A new world for women : Stella Browne: socialist feminist
On legal abortion in Sweden : tentative evaluation of justification of frequency during last decade
Illegal abortion in Kenya
Behind the silence : Chinese voices on abortion
Abortion in a changing world : the proceedings of an international conference, convened in Hot Springs, Virginia, November 17-20, 1968, by the Association for the Study of Abortion
Abortion politics, women's movements, and the democratic state : a comparative study of state feminism
Report on the consultation "Pastoral care of those confronted with abortion" : Monbachtal, Federal Republic of Germany, October 6-11, 1974
Three days in that autumn
The new politics of sex and the state
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
The new politics of abortion
Abortion and moral theory
Abortion wars : a half century of struggle 1950-2000
Abortion : loss and renewal in the search for identity
Women and prenatal testing : facing the challenges of genetic technology
Abortion in England 1900-1967
The law governing abortion, contraception & sterilization
A death in Valencia
Compassionate understanding and respect for life in the abortion debate
Gender relations in German history : power, agency and experience from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
The global politics of abortion
Abortion law and public policy
World abortion policies : 1994
The abortionist : a woman against the law
Abortion in the new Europe : a comparative handbook
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
The midwife's tale : an oral history from handywoman to professional midwife
Instruction on respect for human life in its origin and on the dignity of procreation : replies to certain questions of the day : [Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, February 22, 1987]
Witness the night
Family planning practice and the law
Medical compared with surgical management in induced abortions and miscarriages
In the contemporary world, the unborn - human embryos and foetuses - are highly public and contested figures. Their visual images appear across a wide range of forums, from YouTube videos to pregnancy handbooks. They have become commercial commodities as part of the IVF industry, reproductive tourism and stem cell research and regenerative medicine. The unborn are the focus of intense debates concerning concepts of personhood and humanness, especially in relation to abortion politics and the use and disposal of embryos created outside the human body. The Social Worlds of the Unborn is the first book-length work to discuss all of these issues and more, drawing on social and cultural theory and research and empirical research to do so. It will be of interest to academics and students in a multitude of disciplines, including sociology, anthropology, philosophy, bioethics, gender studies, media and cultural studies and science and technology studies.
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
The fetal position : a rational approach to the abortion issue
The convent
Procedures in the office setting
Rethinking life and death : the collapse of our traditional ethics
Sin no more : from abortion to stem cells, understanding crime, law, and morality in America
Prenatal testing : a sociological perspective
Morality policies in Europe : concepts, theories and empirical evidence
The Irish issue : the British question
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Human evolution, reproduction, and morality
The abortion controversy
Cider house rules
Birthrights : law and ethics at the beginnings of life
The abortion issue
The haunting fetus : abortion, sexuality, and the spirit world in Taiwan
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
The morality of abortion : legal and historical perspectives
Abortion
Islamic ethics of life : abortion, war, and euthanasia
Abortion regimes
Rights, restitution, and risk : essays in moral theory
The limits of bodily integrity : abortion, adultery, and rape legislation in comparative perspective
The social worlds of the unborn
Adolescent reproductive health in Finland : oral contraception, pregnancies and abortions from the 1980s to the 1990s
Reasons for pregnancy termination : negligence or failure of contraception?
Pohjoismaiset raskaudenkeskeytystilastot = Nordisk abortstatistik = Nordic statistics on induced abortions
