http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p875 business trips
business trips
Sudan : [the premier guidebook for business globetrotters] ; written and edited by eBizguides
The travel and tourism industry : strategies for the future
Female business travellers' sense of security
The relative importance of hotels and airlines to the business traveller
Sputnik Sweetheart
Planning and developing a tourism service : case: Accommodation for business tourists
Business travel and tourism
Business and corporate aviation management
Key concepts in tourist studies
New customer acquisition plan for a case company
Singapore : the business traveller's handbook
The international business traveler's companion
Small talk Asia : 10 essential languages for city breaks & business travel
Abstract.
BHW best hotels in the world : A guide for first class international and business travellers
Customer satisfaction of Chinese business travellers in Scandinavia
Success secrets to maximize business in Japan
Spanish. Stage 1
Interregional business travel and the economics of business interaction
How to improve customer loyalty in European Online Travel Agencies in the leisure segment
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
This thesis aims to identify the needs of multicultural guests in German business hotels. The discovery of current literature on multicultural issues and on personalized service and its consequences as well as an overview of the German incoming tourism focusing business tourism provides theoretical knowledge on the topic.  As the main aim of this thesis is to explore which products and services are needed at a German business hotel in order to satisfy a business traveller with a diverse cultural background, primary research in form of a questionnaire survey was applied. In order to narrow the target group of multicultural guests, the authors targeted the main Eastern incoming markets with the greatest percentages: the Chinese; people from the Gulf states; the Japanese; Indians and Russians.  As qualitative and quantitative methods are combined in form of interviews and questionnaires, this thesis is a survey research. E-mail questionnaires were sent to companies dealing with German companies located in the target countries of this research. For the interviews, e-mails with the questions conducted for the interview were sent to two international chain hotels located in Germany.  Primary research findings verified that culturally diverse guests have different needs regarding their culture and religion. Such needs can't be ignored in order to satisfy the business hotel guests. Therefore, the specific needs have been determined. The authors' primary and secondary findings are divided into the specific cultural needs of service, language, food and beverages, religion, basic equipment as well as of additional facilities.  The main findings were the overall preference of an adjustment to the guests' cultures. The importance of languages, especially, the need of fluent English speaking personnel as well as of information, newspaper and TV channels in the guests' mother tongues. The significance of respecting the different religions of the guests, especially, with regard to food and beverages as well as to praying possibilities. The interest in the traditional German cuisine and in international cuisine by most of the hotel guests, however, their religion should be always considered.  The thesis ends with a discussion of the primary findings with regard to the secondary research as well as with the authors' suggestions how a German business hotel could implement those findings. Finally, recommendations for further research are given.
Offers advice about cultural issues in Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States, and Venezuela.
Russia : the business traveller's handbook
Hotel safety as decision factor in the purchase process : Is hotel safety a concern for Finnish companies?
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Tourism : The Business of hospitality and travel
Building a travel risk management program : traveler safety and duty of care for any organization
The World's best business hotels
Cost control in business travel
Abstract: Information system for planning business travels (TraP).
Exporting SMEs' contribution to climate change through international business travel
Spanish. Stage 2
Business travel
Travel management in Finland, Denmark and Sweden : functions included - skills required
Italian. Stage 2
Essays on externalities and transport
Finnish travel 1991
Going to Japan on business : protocol, strategies, and language for the corporate traveler
Business travel : conferences, incentive travel, exhibitions, corporate hospitality and corporate travel
Going to Japan on business : a quick guide to protocol, travel & language
Italian. Stage 1
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Asia Pacific : business travel guide 1999
Cameroon : [the premier guidebook for business globetrotters] ; written and edited by eBizguides
Kazakhstan : the business traveller's handbook
Business Tourism Potentiality of Kristiinankaupunki
The unofficial business traveler's pocket guide : 165 tips even the best business travelers may not know
The members of the European Parliament as business travellers
E-business innovation and process management
Incentive travel in Helsinki's tourism sector
More than just beer and sauerkraut : how German business hotels can adjust to the needs of their multicultural guests' needs
A guide to living abroad
Substituting travelling by virtual meetings in the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yleisradio Oy (YLE)
Business traveller : the best selling business travel magazine
Online security for the business traveler / : Deborah Gonzalez
Going East or West : a handbook for American and Chinese business travelers
Factors influencing the use of self booking tool in Cargotech Corporation
Seducing the heiress
When in Rome or Rio or Riyadh... : cultural q & as for successful business behavior around the world
The challenges faced by business tourism : the perspective of the conference organiser
Developing a business plan for a travel agency : case company: Scandic info
Corporate travelling abroad : case: upmarket food and wine culture trips
Easy russian phrase book : over 700 phrases for everyday use
Business tourism in Russia : overview and SWOT analysis
Meetings & incentive travel
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
Simple steps to green meeting and events : the professional's guide to saving money and the earth
Frequent travellers' satisfaction on the online self-booking tool in Borealis Polymers Oy
Information system for planning business travels (TraP)
Trends and issues in global tourism 2007
Corporate travel management
The last resort : tourism, tourist employment and 'post-tourism' in the South East : South East economic development strategy
"A one-of-a-kind, up-to-date guide to skillfully blending business and aviation issues to provide solid decision-making strategies and smart operating practices for the establishment and management of business aircraft"--Provided by publisher.
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
China : the business traveller's handbook
Tourism is the fourth biggest industry in the world. This book for students of tourism contains concise and authoritative entries on planning tourism, sustainable tourism, festivals and events and much more. It offers the basic materials, tools and guidance for making sense of tourism and gaining the best results in essays and exams.
Nigeria : [the premier guidebook for business globetrotters] ; written and edited by eBizguides
Internet use in business travel arrangements in Finnish small and medium-sized enterprises
Japan : the business traveller's handbook
The trouble with Valentine's
The survivor's guide to business travel : how to get the best deals, travel in style, mix business with pleasure, keep healthy and much more!
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
MICE outbound tourism : 2000.
Hotels and the business traveller
The customer satisfaction of hotel bonus club customers at Hotel Cumulus Oulu
World wise : what to know before you go
Through dead eyes
Travel management in global corporation
Polish
Differentiation through services in the airline industry : case Lufthansa
The safety of hotels worldwide has become a big issue during the last decade, and is probable to become even more important in the future. For companies sending their employees on business trips the issue can be seen as a growing problem when the world looks more unstable for every day. So how important is hotel safety for Finnish companies, do they consider the safety standards of a hotel-chain when they are making deals with this particular hotel-chain? In other words, is this safety aspect of importance in the purchase decision process?  The main question in this research was if Finnish companies see hotel safety as a criteria when they are choosing to set up a deal with a hotel-chain and how this is seen in the process. How do they measure the safety standards and also if they make any kind of follow up on this issue after the deal has been made.  A qualitative research with questionnaires sent to persons taking care of travel arrangements in Finnish companies was done. The companies varied greatly in size and also field of business.  The responses that came back were not many and a generalization of Finnish companies is impossible to do. The main part of the few respondents considered the safety as important when their employees were traveling though hotel-safety was maybe not such a great issue. It seemed the companies did trust the hotel-chains in this matter. The opinion that higher standard of the hotel guarantees also a better safety standard was common. Nevertheless a few companies were genuinely concerned of this issue and it seems like there is a growing awareness among companies in this issue although maybe not so widespread as for foreign companies.
Malta : a business travel destination for the Finnish market
Emergence of wireless services : business actors and their roles in networked component-based development
The business traveler's world guide
The Arab world handbook : Arabian Peninsula and Iraq edition
Car rental for employees' business trips :  survey in Turku region
Travel and entertainment best practices
European tourism : Tamara Rátz with the contribution of Róbert Kiss
Business travel and tourism / Manoj Sharma
Neste Oil's employees' motives for using a self-booking tool in business travel arrangements
From da to yes : understanding the East Europeans
Away on business : the human side of corporate travel
Business Tourists' Opinions of Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Vaasa as a Business Hotel
Current issues in convention and exhibition facility development
Travel wise : how to be safe, savvy and secure abroad
Substituting Travelling By Virtual Meetings in the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yleisradio Oy (YLE)
The aim of this thesis was to find out whether companies organize trips and meetings mainly abroad for their customers or personnel, for promoting sales or launching new products.  In addition to this the aim of the thesis was to find out how often the trips and meetings are organised and what criteria companies use when choosing the destination and the travel organizer and whether they organize any other program during the trips or meetings.   The research was conducted as a structured interview. The companies were chosen from the Helsinki Stock Exchange Main List and altogether fifteen companies were interviewed. Out of the fifteen companies three chose to answer by e-mail and one interview was conducted over the phone. All the other interviews were conducted by the researcher personally.  As a result from the interviews it can be said that all of the companies interviewed do organize trips and meetings to a certain extend.  Further the results indicate that companies do not organize trips and meetings abroad very often and when they do they should be as short as possible. Companies also try to avoid any unnecessary business trips and try and use for example teleconferencing if possible.   The companies included in this research are not totally against the idea of a wine and food culture trip. However the trip cannot be only pleasure but it has to include an official part as well.
Malaysia : the business traveller's handbook
