http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8767 Anglican Church
Anglican Church
From Gore to Temple : the development of Anglican theology between Lux Mundi and the second world war 1889-1939
Common worship : collects and post communions
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
In the ruins of the church : sustaining faith in an age of diminished Christianity
The unity we seek
Called to full unity : documents on Anglican-Roman Catholic relations 1966-1983
Council for Christian unity : annual report
In this authoritative volume, thirty-one of the world's leading Anglican scholars present the first sustained and thorough account of the history and ethos of the Churches of the Anglican Communion from the Anglican reform of the sixteenth century to its global witness today. Thoroughly revised, augmented, and updated, this new edition of The Study of Anglicanism offers a comprehensive interpretation of the character of Anglicanism-including its history, theology, worship, standards and practices, and its future prospects worldwide. A fascinating and unique work, it remains the one indispensable key to this rich and pluriform heritage for both the general reader and the student.
Difficult gospel : the theology of Rowan Williams
Principles of Anglicanism
Deacons in the ministry of the Church : a report to the House of Bishops of the General Synod of the Church of England
Anglo-Catholicism : a study in religious ambiguity
Lambeth essays on faith : essays written for the Lambeth Conference 1968
Open to judgement : sermons and addresses
Common worship today : an illustrated guide to common worship
Crockford's clerical directory 1961-1962 : a  reference book of the clergy of the Church of England and of other churches in communion with the see of Canterbury
Passiontide at St Paul's : A sequence of music for lent, passiontide and easter
The truth shall make you free : the Lambeth Conference 1988 : reports, resolutions & pastoral letters from bishops
The report of the Lambeth Conference 1978.
Anglican orders : essays on the Centenary of Apostolicae Curae, 1896-1996
Liturgy pastoral and parochial
The Great Service
Doctrina et politia ecclesiae Anglicanae : an Anglican summa : facsimile with variants of the text of 1617 : Richard Mocket
Anglicanism can be seen as irredeemably English. In this book Kevin Ward questions that assumption. He explores the character of the African, Asian, Oceanic, Caribbean and Latin American churches which are now a majority in the world-wide communion, and shows how they are decisively shaping what it means to be Anglican. While emphasising the importance of colonialism and neo-colonialism for explaining the Globalisation of Anglicanism, Ward does not focus predominantly on the Churches of Britain and N. America; nor does he privilege the idea of Anglicanism as an 'expansion of English Christianity'. At a time when Anglicanism faces the danger of dissolution Ward explores the historically deep roots of non-Western forms of Anglicanism, and the importance of the diversity and flexibility which has so far enabled Anglicanism to develop cohesive yet multiform identities around the world.
A theological introduction to the thirty-nine articles of the church of England
An introduction to world Anglicanism
The Lambeth Conference 1930 : encyclical letter from the bishops with resolutions and reports
The ordination of women to the priesthood : first report by the House of Bishops
A companion to common worship. Vol. 2
Politics and the churches in Great Britain : 1869 to 1921
Resolutions of the twelve Lambeth Conferences 1867-1988
Anglicanism in history and today
The Porvoo Common Statement : conversations between the British and Irish Anglican Churches and the Nordic and Baltic Lutheran Churches : text agreed at the fourth plenary meeting, held at Järvenpää, Finland, 9-13 October 1992.
Unity and compassion : moral issues in the life and thought of George K. A. Bell
The Korean liturgy : being the order for the celebration of Mass and the Holy Eucharist according to the use of the Anglican Church in Korea : authorised English version
The Anglican understanding of the Church : an introduction
Time's legacy
Quadrilateralat one hundred : essays on the centenary of the Chicago-Lambeth Quadrilateral 1886/88-1986/88
A history of global Anglicanism
Religion in the lives of English women, 1760-1930
Report of the Meeting of the Commission of the Anglican Communion and the Old Catholic Churches held at Bonn on Thursday, July 2, 1931.
The time's legacy
Doctrine in the Church of England : the report of the Commission on Christian doctrine appointed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York in 1922.
All one body : bishops of the Anglican Church speak of Christian faith and action in different parts of the world today
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 3
Crockford's clerical directory 1989/90 : a directory of the serving and retired clergy of the Church of England, the Church in Wales, the Scottish Episcopal Church, the Church of Ireland
Lambeth Conference 1968 : preparatory essays
Authority and Anglicanism
Anglicans in dialogue : the contribution of theological dialogues to the search for the visible unity of the Churches in the 1980s
Celebrating the Eucharist
Anglicanism and the Christian Church : theological resources in historical perspective
A church for the twenty-first century : agenda for the church of England
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 4
This focused concentration and celebration of Anglican life could not be more timely. Debates on sexuality and gender (including women bishops), whether or not the church has a Covenant, or can be a Communion, and how it is ultimately led, are issues that have dominated the ecclesial horizon for several decades. No book on Anglicanism can ever claim to have all the answers to all the questions. However, Martyn Percy's work does offer significant new insights and illumination - highlighting just how rich and reflexive the Anglican tradition can be in living and proclaiming the gospel of Christ. These essays provide some sharply-focused snapshots of contemporary Anglicanism, and cover many of the crucial issues affecting Anglicans today, such as the nature of mission and ministry, theological training and formation, and ecclesial identity and leadership. Church culture is often prey to contemporary fads and fashion. Percy's work calls Anglicanism to deeper discipleship; to attend to its roots, identity and shape; and to inhabit the world with a faith rooted in commitment, confidence and Christ.
HYMNS : ANCIENT & MODERN
Believing in the Church : the corporate nature of faith : a report by the doctrine commission of the Church of England
Worship and ethics : Lutherans and Anglicans in dialogue
The pastoral provisions - married Catholic priests
Spirituality and pastoral care
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
A companion to common worship. Vol. 1
Common worship : services and prayers for the Church of England
Eucharistic doctrine in England from Hooker to Waterland : being the Norrisian Prize Essay in the University of Cambridge for the year 1940.
The Lambeth Conference 1968 : resolutions and reports
The Anglican communion : a survey
Anglican orders : the documents in the debate
Liturgy and worship : a companion to the prayer books of the Anglican communion
Common worship : daily prayer
Lambeth occasional reports 1931-8 : with a foreword by the bishop of Winchester
The English religious tradition and the genius of Anglicanism
The Alternative Service Book 1980 : services authorized for use in the Church of England in conjunction with The Book of Common Prayer, together with The Liturgical Psalter
The renewal of Anglicanism
Elizabethan Puritanism
Anglicanism : confidence, committment and communion
Anthems by Orlando Gibbons : Anthems and verse anthems
The book of common prayer : and administration of the sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of the church according to the use of the Church of England together with the Psalter or Psalms of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches; and the form and manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating of bishops, priests, and deacons
Yes to women priests
Report of the Archbishops of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. Part 2, October 1989 and March 1990
Fathers and Anglicans : the limits of Orthodoxy
Studies in the making of the English Protestant tradition : (mainly in the reign of Henry VIII)
In tune with heaven : the report of the Archbishops' Commission On Church Music
An Anglican catechism
One in hope : documents of the visit of the Most Reverend Robert Runcie, Archbishop of Canterbury to His Holiness John Paul II, Bishop of Rome, 29 September 1989 to 2 October 1989.
Common worship : President's edition
New patterns for worship
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 16
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 10
Anglican/Roman Catholic dialogue : the work of the preparatory commission
The intifada : a briefing paper by the board for social resposibility
The Bishop in liturgy : an Anglican symposium on the role and task of the bishop in the field of liturgy
The Malines Conversation revisited
Privilege, persecution and prophecy : the Catholic Church in Spain 1875-1975
"Multi-faith worship"? : questions and suggestions from the inter-faith consultative group
Christian initiation : a policy for the Church of England
The principles of theology : an introduction to the thirty-nine articles
Anglican Orders and Ordinations : essays and reports from the Interim Conference at Järvenpää, Finland of the International Anglican Liturgical Consultation, 4-9 August 1997
Faire is the heaven : music of the English Church
Christian Unity : the Anglican position : Olaus Petri Lectures at Upsala University October, 1946
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 18
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 12
Report of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. [Part 1], 1989
The study of Anglicanism
The liturgy in English
