http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8766 salt (spices)
salt (spices)
Saline and sodic soils : principles, dynamics, modeling
Germination differences between natural and afforested populations of Pinus brutia and Cupressus sempervirens
Salt : a world history
European solonetz soils and their reclamation
Nonpharmacological treatment of hypertension : a controlled randomized study with special emphasis on sodium restriction
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Hydrochloric acid and sodium sulfate
Making soft-bodied dough characters
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Food chemistry
Salt dough : 20 practical projects for the home
Effects of processing and salts on some functional properties of cashewnut (Anarcadium occidentale) flours
Salt affected soils in Europe
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
The last saltmakers of Nexquipayac, Mexico : an archaeological ethnography
Halophytic, desert and semi-desert plant communities on the territory of the former USSR
Effect of salt iodization on the quality of pickled vegetables
Salmon cardiac peptide (sCP) : a new model for natriuretic peptide biology
A review of published literature on the effects of permafrost on the hydrogeochemistry of bedrock
Salt-affected soils and their management
Inspirations in dough
On the mechanisms of the addition of hydrogen chloride and deuterium chloride to secondary methoxynorbornenes : Structural analysis of the products
Sea salt sweet : the art of using salts for the ultimate dessert experience
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2003
Simulations of polyelectrolyte interactions in salt
Relationship between proline metabolism and NAD kinase in green bean plants subjected to short-term salt stress
The effects of inbreeding, crossbreeding and stress on metabolic rate in Drosophila littoralis
Advances in the assessment and monitoring of salinization and status of biosaline agriculture : report of an expert consultation held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 26-29 November 2007.
Influence of salt, starch and pH on the electroosmosis dewatering of tomato paste suspension
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Techniques to Control Salination for Horticultural Productivity : Antalya, Turkey, 7-10 November, 2000
The religious symbolism of salt
Prokaryotic microorganisms, viruses, and antimicrobial agents from hypersaline environments
Mixing saltiness with sweetness creates a magic alchemy... and some very mouthwatering desserts. Baird teaches you how to use fine artisian salts in sure-to-please reincarnations of classics and more exotic choices. – WorldCat.
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Textiles from Hallstatt : weaving culture in Bronze Age and Iron Age salt mines = Textilien Aus Hallstatt : Gewebte Kultur aus dem bronze- und eisenzeitlichen Salzbergwerk
Effect of increasing concentrations of sodium carbonate on pearl millet Pennisetum americanum
This volume examines the use of desalination processes to aid in the conservation of historic buildings and artifacts. The papers contained in this volume examine the salt transport mechanisms between a salt laden substrate and a material applied to its surface; improved methods for assessing desalination treatments and the assessment of the working principle and efficiency of salt extraction poultice systems for use on wall surfaces in monumental buildings by using non-destructive analysis on different material substrates and under different environmental conditions; the results of laboratory tests to evaluate the workability and mechanical properties of fresh poultices; and the assessment of the moisture and ion transport mechanisms active during desalination in different poultice/substrate combinations, by means of nuclear magnetic resonance.
Salinity and aridity : new approaches to old problems
Vascular dysfunction in diet-induced hypertension and obesity in mice : role of endothelium, reactive oxygen species and periadventitial fat
Salt and civilization
Influence of colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on three strawberry cultivars under salty conditions
Salt content labelling of foods in supermarkets in Finland
Effect of anionic salts on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and udder oedema of dry pregnant cows
Salt production and social hierarchy in ancient China : an archaeological investigation of specialization in China's Three Gorges
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Effects of salinity on growth of Acacia mangium Willd. inoculated with root-nodule bacteria
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Sensory interrelationships in bread and bread-spread combinations
Physical aspects of soil water salts in ecosystems
Kitchen chemistry
Natural science in the Bothnian Sea during 1975-2008 : a review
Evaluation of strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) cultivar's salt stress tolerance on the basis of S1 seeds in vitro germination
Fun dough : over 100 salt dough projects for all the family
Doughwork : salt dough for creative home decorating
"This book examines the organization of specialized salt production at Zhongba, one of the most important prehistoric sites in the Three Gorges of China's Yangzi River valley. Rowan K. Flad demonstrates that salt production emerged in the second millennium BCE and developed into a large-scale, intense activity. As the intensity of this activity increased during the early Bronze Age, production became more coordinated, perhaps by an emergent elite who appear to have supported their position of authority by means of divination and the control of ritual knowledge. This study explores evidence of these changes in ceramics, the layout of space at the site, and animal remains. It synthesizes the data retrieved from years of excavation, showing not only the evolution of production methods, but also the emergence of social hierarchy in the Three Gorges region over two millennia"--Provided by publisher.
Charred & scruffed : bold new techniques for explosive flavor on and off the grill
Discovery of salt-loving pleolipoviruses infecting archaea : vesicle-like virion is the key to success
Factors to new product success : the case of iodized salt industry in Sudan
Reducing salt in foods : practical strategies
Salt and state : an annotated translation of the Songshi salt monopoly treatise
Neptune's gift : a history of common salt
Healthier food choices in supermarkets
Evolution in salt : genomic and structural approaches to halophilic archaea and their viruses
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects:evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Dietary electrolytes and cyclosporine toxicity : experimental studies in spontaneously hypertensive rats
The occurrence of shallow brackish and saline groundwaters in the crystalline bedrock of Finnish coastal areas
Dietary treatment of elevated blood pressure
An introduction to saline lakes on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
Environmental stress and horticulture crops : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Kibiro : the salt of Bunyoro, past and present
The political economy of salt production and Arhotot trading system in Northeastern Ethiopia (c. 1831-2005)
Environmental injury to plants
Studies on salt poisoning in pigs : Water and electrolyte distribution and renal function
Salt : grain of life
Desalination of historic buildings, stone and wall paintings
3D model of salinity of bedrock groundwater at Olkiluoto
Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Saline irrigation for agriculture and forestry
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Much depends on dinner : the extraordinary history and mythology, allure and obsessions, perils and taboos, of an ordinary meal
Time of salt addition to ready-to-eat meals : a sensory study of salt reduction and salt substitution
Plant adaptation to hyperosmotic environments is generally associated with reduced growth and ultimately yield loss, making farming difficult. The potential of mycorrhizal symbioses to alleviate salt stress has been documented and benefits to plant revealed to be specific and dependent to both plant cultivars and fungal strains.  A factorial greenhouse experiment was performed to determine the effects of three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species (Funneliformis caledonius, F. mosseae and Rhizophagus irregularis) on three "day-neutral" strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa Duch.) cultivars ("Albion", "Charlotte" and "Seascape"), and a mixture of R. irregularis and F. mosseae on "Seascape", under four salt conditions (0-200 mM NaCl).  The overall results showed that plant biomass decreased with increasing salinity.  The cultivars responded differently to both AMF and salinity, and "Seascape" was more tolerant to salinity than the other cultivars.  AMF enhanced plant growth and improved salt tolerance by increasing the proportion of medium (0.5<ɸ≤1.5 mm) and coarse (ɸ>1.5 mm) diameter roots. The mixture of two AMF species increased root and shoot mass to a higher degree than each species alone at low salinity (0-50 mM) but reduced fruit quality.  At higher levels (100-200 mM), R. irregularis alleviated salt stress and improved fruit quality to a higher degree than the other AMF species.  Our results support the use of bio-inoculants in saline horticultural areas.  Because cultivars respond differently to fungal inoculants, and inoculants prefer specific environmental conditions, fungal inoculants need to be screened on a cultivar- and condition-specific basis.
Surface studies of limestones and dolostones : characterisation using various techniques and batch dissolution experiments with hydrochloric acid solutions
The salt of the earth : natural philosophy, medicine, and chymistry in England, 1650-1750
Abstract.
Evaluation of rice (Oryza sativa L.) genotypes for salt tolerance
Obesity, low-grade inflammation and cardiovascular diseases : special emphasis on fat mass and obesity associated (FTO) and serum amyloid A (SAA) genes
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Early growth and adult health : programming of postprandial responses, food intake and salt sensitivity
Salt groundwater in the nordic countries : proceedings of a workshop, Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, September 30-October 1, 1992
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland in 1975
Salinity in soil and in Atriplex spp. under brackish water irrigation in southern Morocco
The determination of chlorinity by the Knudsen method
The effect of low salt content and low pH value on the water binding capacity of cooked sausage
Storage and transportation of 32% calcium chlorade
The study of salt deterioration mechanisms : decay of brick walls influenced by interior climate changes
Characterization of new viruses from hypersaline environments
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Pollution in horticulture
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2004
Salinity effects in Eucalyptus camaldulensis and Combretum quadrangulare : ecophysiological and morphological studies
Porewater salinity and the development of swelling pressure in bentonite-based buffer and backfill materials
