http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8772 political science
political science
Political power and social classes
Man and his government : an empirical theory of politics
American political science : a profile of a discipline
The study of public policy
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
Essays in the history of political thought
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
New developments in political science : an international review of achievements and prospects
Modern political constitutions : an introduction to the comparative study of their history and existing form
Science and politics : Viscount Hailsham
Nationalism in the twentieth century
The prince
The study of politics : the present state of American political science
European journal of political theory
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Citizenship and democratic doubt : the legacy of progressive thought
Theory and methods in political science
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
The development of military thought : the nineteenth century
"Republicanism and imperialism are typically understood to be located at opposite ends of the political spectrum. In Imperial Republics, Edward G. Andrew challenges the supposed incompatibility of these theories with regard to seventeenth- and eighteenth-century revolutions in England, the United States, and France.
Politics as rational action : essays in public choice and policy analysis
Political science : an informal overview
Leviathan after 350 years
East Timor : beyond independence
Human nature in politics : the dynamics of political behavior
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
Dimensions of political analysis : an introduction to the contemporary study of politics
The fourth revolution : the global race to reinvent the state
What is politics? : the activity and its study
Political power and social theory : seven studies
Journal of politics
Political ideas and ideologies : a history of political thought
A pre-view of policy sciences
Constitutional theory
The foundations of political theory
The comparative analysis of politics
A fragment on government and an introduction to the principles of morals and legislation
The future of political science
State and democracy
The functional analysis of politics : an introductory discussion
Politics, self and society : a theme and variations
Discourses on Livy
The public policy process
Biopolitics : search for a more human political science
Imperial ends : the decay, collapse, and revival of empires
The natural rights republic : studies in the foundation of the American political tradition
Essays on the behavioral study of politics
Introduction to politics
Imagining the state
An introduction to political science
The study of comparative government and politics
Two commentaries on the Arthaśāstra : Jayamaṅgalā & Cāṇakyaṭīkā
Political science : the science of politics
Political research : design, measurement and analysis
Modern government : a survey of political science
Political ideologies and the democratic ideal
Hannah Arendt : politics, conscience, evil
Bulletin of peace proposals
An introduction to the policy process : theories, concepts, and models of public policy making
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
The elements of political science. Vol. 1, Political behavior
The principles of politics
Man and modern society
Cosmic harmony and political thinking in early Stuart England
Idioms of inquiry : critique and renewal in political science
Political theory
The intellectual foundations of Chinese modernity : cultural and political thought in the Republican era
State sovereignty : concept, phenomenon and ramifications
Political philosophy
A genealogy of sovereignty
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle and the Politics
Social statics : the conditions essential to human happiness specified, and the first of them developed
Surveys from exile : political writings, 2
Positive political theory I : collective preference
Mershon international studies review : supplement to the International studies quarterly
UNESCO studies on peace and conflict
A design for political science : scope, objectives, and methods
Contemporary political economy : studies on the interdependence of politics and economics
The study of politics
The argumentative turn revisited : public policy as communicative practice
Political constitutional of the ancient greeks
Simulation in the study of politics
The nature of political theory
Political writings
A framework for political analysis
Kant and the concept of community
Against religion, wars, and states : the case for enlightenment atheism, just war pacifism, and liberal-democratic anarchism
Foundations of political analysis : an introduction to the theory of collective choice
Medieval political philosophy : a sourcebook
Politics and social science
The political organization of Attica : a study of the Demes, Trittyes, and Phylai, and their representation in the Athenian Council
Our word is our weapon : selected writings
Polity : the journal of the Northeastern Political Science Association
The economic basis of politics
A political theory primer
Hobbes, Locke, and confusion's masterpiece : an examination of seventeenth-century political philosophy
Beyond right and left : democratic elitism in Mosca and Gramsci
Political science and political theory
The roots of democracy : India compared with its neighbours
Data processing : applications to political research
Political complexity : nonlinear models of politics
The future of freedom : illiberal democracy at home and abroad
The concept of the political
The essential Rousseau : The social contract, Discourse on the origin of inequality, Discourse on the arts and sciences, The creed of a Savoyard priest
Introduction to political inquiry
Kauṭilya's Arthaśāstra
The politics of good intentions : history, fear, and hypocrisy in the new world order
Early state, its alternatives and analogues
Political quarterly
The secret history of democracy
Introducing political science : themes and concepts in studying politics
Principles of moral and political science. 2
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
Paradoxes in politics : an introduction to the nonobvious in political science
International systems and the modernization of societies : the formation of national goals and attitudes
Proceedings of the Academy of Political Science
State organization in Cuba
Crown and Commonwealth : a study in the official Elizabethan doctrine of the prince
Handbook of political science. Cumulative index
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Kant's critique of Hobbes : sovereignty and cosmopolitanism
Scope and methods of political science : an introduction to methodology of political inquiry
American political thought : four hundred years of ideas and ideologies
Early political writings
Quantification in the history of political thought : towards a qualitative approach
Imperial republics : revolution, war, and territorial expansion from the English Civil War to the French Revolution
The theory and method of political analysis
Political science : an introduction
The languages of political theory in early modern Europe
Political science : advance of the discipline
The changing conditions of politics
On Žižek's dialectics : surplus, subtraction, sublimation
The limits of behavioralism in political science : a symposium, sponsored by The American Academy of Political and Social Science
Modern political constitutions : an introduction to the comparative study of their history and existing forms
British politics
Emerson : political writings
Contentious connections : Social imagination in globalizing South Asia
The analysis of power : a realist approach
Legitimacy = Légitimité : proceedings of the conference held in Florence June 3 and 4, 1982 : actes du colloque de Florence 3 et 4 juin 1982
Fundamentals of political science
A fragment on government
Changes in the state : causes and consequences
Dilemmas of pluralist democracy : autonomy vs. control
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
The Political illusion
Foundation of political science : research, methods, and scope
The revolutions of 1848
War : essays in political philosophy
The political writings
"This book is the first attempt to present an integrated overview of the development of liberal, conservative, and socialist thought in the Republican era, which formed the intellectual foundations of Chinese modernity. The book explores ideas in relation to their cultural and political backgrounds. The author argues that the key to understanding the Chinese quest for modernity lies in an appreciation of the interrelatedness and interplay of different schools of thought. There is no one single vision of Chinese modernity. Instead, different visions contest, interact, and influence one another"--Provided by publisher.
Contemporary empirical political theory
Principles of moral and political science. 1
The political theory of John C. Calhoun
Hegel and the French Revolution : essays on the "Philosophy of right"
The teaching of politics
The encyclopedia of political thought
Many scholars have noted the influence of the Roman state on the ideology of republican revolutionaries, especially in the model it provided for transforming subordinate subjects into autonomous citizens. Andrew finds an equally important parallel between Rome's expansionary dynamic - in contrast to that of Athens, Sparta, or Carthage - and the imperial rivalries that emerged between the United States, France, and England in the age of revolutions. Imperial Republics is a sophisticated, wide-ranging examination of the intellectual origins of republican movements, and explains why revolutionaries felt the need to 'don the toga' in laying the foundation for their own uprisings."--pub. desc.
The state of the political : conceptions of politics and the state in the thought of Max Weber, Carl Schmitt, and Franz Neumann
Enlightenment and revolution : the making of modern Greece
Nonviolence : contemporary issues and challenges
"This book explores the intriguing idea that there is much more democracy in human history than is generally acknowledged. It establishes that democracy was developing across greater Asia before classical Athens, clung on during the 'Dark Ages', often formed part of indigenous governance and is developing today in unexpected ways"--
Evaluating democracy : an introduction to political science
Merleau-Ponty and modern politics after anti-humanism
Politics in its place : a study of six ideologies
'The Public Policy Process' describes how public policy is made. This new edition offers a fundamental revision of the earlier text, with a closer emphasis on the complexity of the policy making process and it also pays more attention to variations in policy content and institutional context.
Beyond the state? : dominant theories and socialist strategies
The state of political science in Central and Eastern Europe
The process of government : a study of social pressures
Alternatives : social transformation & humane governance
Essays on government. Ernest Barker
Research in political sociology
