http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8776 stakeholder groups
stakeholder groups
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Baltic Sea in Estonian and Finnish media : discussed topics and stakeholders
Knowledge creation and organizational learning in communities of practice : an empirical analysis of a healthcare organization
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
Stakeholder relations as social capital in early modern international trade
Resources Affecting Banks' CSR in Sultanate of Oman: A Stakeholders' Perspective
EU lobbying : principals, agents and targets, strategic interest intermediation in EU policy-making
Stakeholder analysis in software-intensive systems development
Positioning Stakeholder Theory within the Debate on Corporate Social Responsibility
The American Chamber of Commerce in Finland, often referred to as AmCham Finland, is a non-profit business association comprised of 220 Finnish and American companies. The AmCham Finland staff aims to bring value to their membership through networking opportunities, business initiatives and providing the voice in public policy. As the association's operations are reliant on member activity and support, in particular on member fees and sponsorship, AmCham Finland's primary goal is retention of existing members and recruitment of new members. Without clear and effective communication neither is sustainable. This research aims to investigate whether AmCham Finland's communications strategy and execution are efficient and whether they allow AmCham Finland to achieve its communication goals. This research does not take into account the members' point of view, i.e. how members feel about communication or whether communication is, in their opinion, efficient. The study was executed as a qualitative research in January-May 2010. The empirical material was collected mainly in February-April and consists of interviews, other publications and information available in the association's archives at its office and on its website. This research ascertained, that based on the material collected and its analysis, challenges could be found regarding the efficiency of the communication tools used. These challenges are hindering AmCham Finland's aim of reaching their communication goals. Therefore it can be concluded that member communication is not yet efficient enough and that AmCham does not currently realize its communication goals. The suggestions for improvement offered in the analysis are necessary steps for AmCham to develop its communication in order to reach its communication goals.
Stakeholder's involvement in municipal solid waste management : a case study of Nairobi city county- Kenya
Product development : drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
Forest policy analysis
Companies' collaboration with the young generation from corporate social responsibility perspective
Stakeholder anger - negative engagement towards organizations online : a literature review
Organising capacity - a collective process leading to place branding : coordination, co-operation and engagement
Political parties and linkage : a comparative perspective
What do experts and stakeholders think about chemical risks and uncertainties? : an Internet survey
Stakeholder expectations : conceptual foundations and empirical analysis
Product management perspectives on stakeholder and business opportunity analyses in the front-end of product creation
Making media content : the influence of constituency groups on mass media
Bank exit legislation in US, EU and Japanese financial centres
The effects of the socio-political environment on managing large and complex projects : a case study: Botnia pulp mill project
The purpose of this study is to explore the emergence of ecosystemic business models. Ecosystemic thinking has surfaced as a concept to explain the complexity and interconnected nature of modern business. It reflects a fundamental change in the way we view innovations in particular. Innovations are no longer considered to rise within organizational boundaries alone. Modern business is characterized by a diversity of innovation stakeholders from private and public backgrounds, from large organizations to users and citizens. To further the understanding on the research phenomenon of ecosystemic business models, this study relies on two streams of research: Open innovation and business model research. These fields of academic literature mirror well the paradigmatic shift on how the dynamism and change of modern, interconnected business context impacts innovations, value creation and capture and subsequent competitive advantage. The empirical part of this study has been conducted as qualitative case studies. Also conceptual frameworks have been based on empirical data. Drawing from ecosystem analogy, this study investigates different types of ecosystemic contexts, namely that of business ecosystems and innovation ecosystems, in order to determine not only how and why business models emerge, but also how they develop and transform in such a context. An ecosystemic view on business models emphasizes that value co-creation and co-capture need to be steered by a common motive based on mutually connected opportunities and collective value proposition. This research finds that in a complex, multileveled configuration of ecosystems, striving for synergy within the ecosystem is a prerequisite for successful building of ecosystemic value and competitive advantage as a whole. The results of the study indicate that business models are valid not only at organizational level but at theecosystemic level as well, as ecosystem synergy and successful orchestration can be achieved through utilizing the ecosystemic business model.
Not just for the sake of a report : enhancing corporate social responsibility reporting by involving stakeholders
Stakeholder engagement in environmental decision-making process : a study of the Finnish mining industry
'GM actually does sell cars in California' : creating positive corporate image in top management speeches of General Motors
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Emerging practices and impacts of the sustainable financing in the pulp and paper industry
The corporation is more than shareholders - a discursive analytics : the acquisition of the ABN-AMRO Bank
AmCham Finland's member communication
Monitoring the complexities: Nuclear power and public opinion
Crash course in library supervision : meeting the key players
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Relationship marketing : exploring relational strategies in marketing
Shared value creation as part of company strategy
Exploring business models in ecosystemic contexts
Applied public relations : cases stakeholder management
Interest groups in copyright legislative process : pilot research: assessing the operation of copyright and related rights systems
Using relationship marketing and VIP-practices in Helsinki night restaurants
Product development:drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization:the case of mobile software development
Faith-holders as social capital of Finnish public organisations
On enriching requirements engineering work using icons
Corporate social irresponsibility & electronic word of mouth : case Volkswagen emissions crisis
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possibilities and barriers of biobanks
Public relations practices : managerial case studies and problems
Discovering identity and brand formation in a startup : a case exploration
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Natura 2000 : policy-making in the shadow of hierarchy
E-business@print : Internet-based services and processes
Integrating corporate social responsibility into business in Finnish consumer goods companies
Stakeholder management in international projects
Joint venture entry mode for finnish tourism companies
Corporate social responsibility as an intergovernmental policy agenda : public policy developments and challenges at the European Union level
Corporate governance : responsibilities, risks and remuneration
Products have a significant and multidimensional role in business, whereas product management as a scientific field is still in its emergence. However, long industrial tradition positions product management as a holistic and complete business management of products at different levels throughout product lifecycles. The evolving business environment and external stakeholders influence the decision-making in product management. A commercially successful new product may necessitate as much as hundreds of new ideas and opportunities to be screened. Hence, decisions made in the front-end of product creation significantly affect the product cost and value throughout its lifecycle.This dissertation aims to answer the question of how product management can analyse stakeholders and business opportunities in a systematic way in the front-end of product creation. The study follows a qualitative research strategy and a constructive approach along the research process. Four original publications focus on stakeholder business opportunity analyses; the first one analyses external stakeholders as a business ecosystem for collaborative product creation; the second assesses the influence of internal stakeholders in product creation; whereas the third and fourth articles focus on systematic ways to conduct business case analyses during product creation.The systematic analysis of external stakeholders' business models is seen as a tangible way to perceive the business ecosystem. Salience assessment further helps to explain how the voice of stakeholders can be noticed by product management decision-making. Systemising the business case analysis procedure, including gathering, processing and integrating information from different knowledge and functional areas – customers, marketing, technical, financial and strategic – provides the rationale for product management to make well-informed go/no-go decisions and assurance for commitment towards funding and launching product creation projects.
Collaborative management of national parks : the case of Retezat National Park, Romania
Stakeholder network interaction in building a factory in Russia : case Sormat Rus
Business studies for dummies
Playing by the game rules : the business responsibility of Stora Enso
Applied public relations : cases in stakeholder management
Factors affecting perceptions of corporate social responsibility implementation : an emphasis on values
The caterpillar doesn't know : how personal change drivers organizational change
The involvement of primary stakeholders in international place branding
Co-creation of corporate brand through stakeholder relationships in B2B SMEs
Stakeholder analysis for Artists' Association of Finland
Social licence to operate obtained? : the CSR strategy of Doe Run Perú in La Oroya, Peru, from the local community perspective
Conflicting interests but filtered key targets : stakeholder and resource-dependency analyses at a university of applied sciences
Development Research for Cramo Plc Annual Report to Meet the Requirements of IR Communications
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
Development research for Cramo Plc annual report to meet the requirements of IR communications
Social media at work : / how networking tools propel organizational performance
The aim of this thesis is to create a sourcing strategy for a Case company's Division X Project sourcing organization. The aim was also to use strategy model or tool and implement it to the Case company's way of working and environment. The work was conducted by analyzing internal documentation and guide lines and also by interviewing internal and external stakeholders. Customer point of view was heavily taken into consideration and what are the demands and expectations in now a day?s marine business environment. Strategy creation process were studied and the theory behind them. The aim was to study literature in order to understand strategy creation process and history of strategic purchasing. Under observation were Porter's Five forces model and Kraljic portfolio model and theory. Case company's internal and external stakeholder and customer expectations were investigated. This work was done by using survey of key personnel and stakeholders. Procurement strategy and corporate strategy were also studied and data was also collected by interviewing key personnel. In this chapter project sourcing material groups were identified and decided which ones are critical for sourcing point of view. It was decided to create sourcing strategy for automation category. In the last chapter all the data was collected and implemented to one of the strategy tool. Based on result of the tool guidelines and general strategy for Project Sourcing organization was created.
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Broadening the concept of quality : a systems model of quality and stakeholder satisfaction
Strategic event creation
The Digitaura-Agency Theory Approach (DATA) : toward measuring stakeholder engagement in the information-for-service economy
Relationship marketing : new strategies, techniques and technologies to win the customers you want and keep them forever
Insights to customers’ expectations on social responsibility in the forest products industry : case Metsä Group
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Monetary information in sustainability reports: How is it related with stakeholders?
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Customer centric and value-based business model design : impacts of the additive manufacturing technology on firm's business model
Librarians as community partners : an outreach handbook
Multiple forms of stakeholder interaction in environmental management: business arguments regarding differences in stakeholder relationships
Forest management and climate change : stakeholder perceptions
Communication plan for Oy Filmkompaniet Alpha Ab
Strategy and place : managing corporate real estate and facilities for competitive advantage
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
The suggestion for sourcing strategy of an industrial company : a case study
Institutions and entrepreneurship
Click here for our responsibility : how do Finnish MNCs communicate their CSR on corporate websites?
The communicating of social responsibility values : a study of the interrelationship between corporations and stakeholders
Euro-corporatism? : interest intermediation in the European Community
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization : the case of mobile software development
The insider's guide to outsourcing risks and rewards
A Critical Review of Relations between Corporate Responsibility Research and Practice
A stakeholder analysis is commonly a part of the requirements engineering process in the development of software systems. It contributes to identifying, analysing, negotiating and validating requirements from multiple stakeholder viewpoints that do not necessary share the same views on a system under development and do not necessary express themselves using a similar language. Stakeholder analysis is often integrated into a used development method or practice and doesn't necessarily appear as a separate process.The increase in software size, availability and use in different appliances, however, requires more from the stakeholder analysis than has been recognized in Software Engineering literature. The increasing scale of software systems and connections to other systems increase the number of involved stakeholders complicating the stakeholder analysis. In addition, how the actual stakeholder analysis should be implemented in large scale software development and how it supports the development effort is problematic in practice.The purpose of this thesis is to study the role and purpose of a stakeholder analysis in a large-scale software-intensive systems development. In this thesis, an empirical approach is taken to study the large-scale software-intensive systems development as phenomena in order to observe it as a whole. This approach allows this thesis to analyse the phenomena from different perspectives in order to identify and describe the nature and purpose of a stakeholder analysis in large-scale software-intensive systems development.The contribution of this thesis is the following. First, the thesis contributes to both the practical and scientific community by describing the role of stakeholder analysis in the software-intensive systems development process. Secondly, it demonstrates how a stakeholder analysis can be implemented in a large-scale software-intensive systems development process.
Stakeholder network interaction in building a factory in Russia : Case: Sormat Rus
The groundwater pollution of Korneuburg, Austria : its issue life-cycle in the public discourse and collaboration and confrontation strategies of actors
Stakeholder approach for reducing tensions in firm's societal relationships in foreign operational environments : Case: the opposition in Argentina against Botnia's pulp mill
How environmental NGO s are addressed in sustainability reporting?
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Stakeholder dispute in the operating environment of the Finnish forest industry in 2000s
International marketing and export management
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The main objective of the research is to attain feedback on the 2009 Annual Report from selected stakeholders that could help to develop the annual report of the commissioning company, Cramo Plc, for the year 2011. Other objectives are to find out what status the annual report has among the sample and how it is used. The author worked at Cramo Plc as assistant trainee during the research process. The annual report is a key communication tool of a public limited company; it is designed for the company's main stakeholders, the shareholders. The annual report is an important part of a company's investor relations communication. A public limited company should develop its IR communication into a dialogue, which allows the stakeholders to give feedback. Constructive feedback is important for improving the main IR communication tool, i.e. the annual report. The chosen research method is qualitative interviewing. The selected sample contains representatives of stakeholders who have contact with Cramo Plc. The semi-structured interviews followed the themes of the annual report and offered the possibility to adjust the interviews to more closely reflect the interviewees' interests. Companies that specialize in evaluating and producing annual reports, along with organisations that organise annual report and IR communication competitions, were studied to attain background information regarding the elements that contribute to good annual reports. The interviews were conducted during the summer of 2010; they were conducted in Finnish, and then translated in English for the group reporting. The results show that readability of the Cramo Plc Annual Report 2009 was considered “good” and the overall averages given were “above good.” The main development required is better control of the amount of information. The sample interviews indicated that although the report offers much good information, some of the selected interviewees would appreciate a more simple presentation.
The Role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in the New Economy
Corporate social responsibility in micro and small companies in southwest Finland : involvement, contribution and benefits
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
