http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8779 fabric weaving
fabric weaving
Weaving Material : I.C.S. Christian Morath. Charles Petzold. E.A. Posselt
The weaver's workbook
Overshot is hot! : 20 innovative designers : over 40 unique and beautiful projects : many in-depth articles on theory and design from 20 years of Weaver's and Prairie wool companion
The handicrafts of the Finnish women
The Best of weaver's : Summer & winter plus
The Good housekeeping needlecraft encyclopedia
Perception as an integral part of the design process
Restrictions as inspiration : an exploration of the design process in the contract textile industry
Costume and ceremonial textiles of Bhutan
The woolcraft book : spinning, dyeing and weaving
Weaving a future : tourism, cloth & culture on an Andean island
The Cambridge history of western textiles. [Volume] 1
Carpet fragments : the Marby rug and some fragments of carpets found in Egypt
The Liftplan Connection : Designing for Dobby Looms with Photoshop® and Photoshop Elements®
Unang unggoy = (The first monkey)
How to use a Toika loom
Brief guide to persian wowen fabrics
Warping your loom & tying on new warps
Weaving made easy : 17 projects using a simple loom
Textiles, technical practice, and power in the Andes
On the loom : a modern weaver's guide
The complete book of drafting for handweavers
Songket : Malaysia's woven treasure
Shoowa design : African textiles from the kingdom of Kuba [=Zaire]
Saori : self-discovery trough free weaving
Small loom & freeform weaving : five ways to weave
The Cambridge history of Western textiles. 2
Fashions from the loom : handwoven clothing made easy
Early American weaving and dyeing : the domestic manufacturer's assistant and family directory in the arts of weaving and dyeing
Designing and drafting for handweavers : basic principles of cloth construction
Weaving contemporary rag rugs : new designs, traditional techniques
All about cotton : a fabric dictionary and swatchbook
Chinese patterned silks : by Pauline Simmons
The cultivation and weaving of cotton in the prehistoric Southwestern United States
The weaver's companion
Textiles for modern living
Brief guide to turkish wowen fabrics
Handwoven scarves
The weaving, spinning, and dyeing book
The Cambridge history of western textiles. [Volume] 2
Composition and construction in experts' and novices' weaving design
Doubleweave / [Editor: Linda Ligon]
Ikats : woven silks from central Asia : the Rau Collection
Foxboy : intimacy and aesthetics in Andean stories
"This book explores the importance of textiles in Andean societies, past and present, as vital indicators of regional ideas about technique and technology, and the ways these interact with power relations, including gender and class relations. The focus is on Andean textiles from a weaver's point of view, as living things which express a complex three-dimensional worldview through their structures, techniques and iconography. These ontological conceptions are traced through the various tasks and processes in the productive chain of textile making, and the manifold ways in which the ideas about a finished textile product refer back continually to these shared experiences in Andean societies. Different thematic approaches examine how the material existence of textiles served, and still serves, as a record of technological knowledge, at the heart of human-centred efforts to integrate and coordinate diverse populations into socio-cultural and productive endeavours in common."--Page 4 of cover.
Bedouin weaving of Saudi Arabia : and its neighbours
Northern Finland
Cloth and Weaving
Carrying coca : 1500 years of Andean chuspas
The Cambridge history of western textiles. 2
Handwoven specialties, and Merry Christmas, handweavers!
Studies in Byzantine and Islamic silk weaving
Navajo weaving way : the path from fleece to rug
Textile traditions of Mesoamerica and the Andes : an anthology
Weaving textiles that shape themselves
Weaving Material : Thomas R. Ashenhurst
All about cotton : a fabric dictionary & swatchbook
Twill thrills : the best of weaver's
Luchetik : el lenguaje textil de los altos de Chiapas = the woven word from highland Chiapas
Loom-controlled double weave : from the notebook of a double weaver
Weaving generations together : evolving creativity in the Mayas of Chiapas
Handwoven, tailormade : a tandem guide to fabric designing, weaving, sewing and tailoring
Color-and-weave II
Creating context in Andean cultures
Ideas in weaving
Textiles in archaeology
Winding a warp & using a paddle
Noshime : stripe, lattice and ikat in Edo period
Pattern weaving : basics for the handloom
Reflections from a flaxen past : for love of Lithuanian weaving
Weaving Material : Franz Donat. Large book of textile patterns
Weaving : a handbook for fiber craftsmen
Art and design : a comprehensive guide for creative artists
The art of the loom : weaving, spinning & dyeing across the world
A weaver's book of 8-shaft patterns : from the friends of handwoven
Bizarre designs in silks : trade and traditions
Weave
Woven treasures : one-of-a-kind bags with folk weaving techniques
A Handweaver's pattern book
Weaving made easy
The nightspinners
All about weaving : a comprehensive guide to the craft
Where do clothes come from?
Thick'n thin
Huck lace
Double weave : theory & practice
Creative weaving
"Textile production and consumption has played a central role in the economy of the Andes region of South America since the Inca Empire (AD 1400-1532). This book traces 1500 years of textile arts in the Andes, with a focus on chuspas, small bags originally designed to hold coca leaves; colorful and functional, chuspas are both aesthetically pleasing and technically sophisticated pieces of art. In an area noted for extreme weather, textiles produced from the wool of llamas, vicuñas, alpacas, and other indigenous animals were essential in protecting people from the cold and wind at high altitudes in the Andes. Often stunningly beautiful, these textiles were also demanded as tribute by the state, and offered as valuable gifts. Beyond their functional and aesthetic value, textiles have long played important ritual and social roles in Andean communities. Fully illustrated, this book offers an important introduction to the rich history and key roles of these textiles. "--
A guide to weaving including history of clothing and textieles. weaving types, tools and techniques, types of looms and list of notable tapestries such as the lady and the unicorn, hestia, valois, new world and more
Handbook of weaving
A handweaver's pattern book
Woven stories : Andean textiles and rituals
How to hook rugs
What a glorious day : searching for the luxurious linen look in contract residential interiors
Studies in primitive looms
A joy forever : Latvian weaving : traditional and modified uses
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 9, pt. 11-A, Madras. Handlooms in Madras State
The warp-weighted loom : studies in the history and technology of an ancient implement
The structure of weaving
Ryijykuvasto = Illustrated booklet on wall rugs
The art of knitting : an interactive guide to the basics of knitting
Summary: With reference to products of India.
Challenging textiles : a study of self-supporting and translucent upholstery in the field of contract textiles
Kids weaving
Creative rug hooking
Chinese velvets : a technical study
Chimayó weaving : the transformation of a tradition
A handbook of weaves
The four-shaft table loom
Weaving : a manual of techniques
Weaving overshot
More loom-controlled double weave : from the notebook of a double weaver
Weaving with high-twist yarns and contrasting materials creates lively textures that are transformed by washing. Ann Richards explains the processes and potential of this approach, and provides a broad introduction to designing with high-twist yarns.
Hands on rigid heddle weaving
Exploring multishaft design
Navajo weaving today
The weaver's idea book : creative cloth on a rigid-heddle loom
The Best of weaver's : Fabrics that go bump
Scandinavian weaving : projects to make for your home
Weaving sourcebook : ideas and techniques
Learning to weave
Fabric texture and design of its parameters
Understanding fabrics : from fiber to finished cloth
Learning to weave with Debbie Redding
Made in Mexico : Zapotec weavers and the global ethnic art market
Ancestral Ikat-weaving in Ensaid Panjang, Indonesia
The handweaver's pattern directory : over 600 weaves for four-shaft looms
The braided rug book : creating your own American folk art
Magical materials to weave : blending traditional and innovative yarns
The Ashford book of weaving for the four shaft loom : instruction and projects for the four shaft loom
Flatweaves of Turkey
Woven beauty : the art of West African textiles
Weaving Material : Fressinet. Oelsner. Wood / Pennington
Weave classic crackle & more
Handweaver's pattern book : the essential illustrated guide to over 600 fabric weaves
Clothing from the hands that weave
Latvian weaving techniques
