http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8771 internal migration
internal migration
Human migration : a geographical perspective
Essays on migration
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
Diasporas in conflict : peace-makers or peace-wreckers?
Migration : immigration and emigration in international perspective
Andean journeys : migration, ethnogenesis, and the state in colonial Quito
Migrant Brāhmaṇas in northern India : their settlement and general impact c. A.D. 475-1030
Population distribution and migration : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Population Distribution and Migration, Santa Cruz, Bolivia, 18-22 January 1993 : convened in preparation for the International Conference on Population and Development, Cairo, 5-13 September 1994
Democracy and the nation state : aliens, denizens and citizens in a world of international migration
New China's population : [the definitive guide to the population of the people's republic of China]
The forceful relocation of citizens within a country : a case study of Lagos State, Nigeria
Proceedings from the first European Workshop on Human Migration and Nutrition, held at Uppsala, Sweden, 10-12 May, 1995.
The Hiawatha
Mobilities : new perspectives on transport and society
Economic influences on migration in Sweden
Peasant metropolis : social identities in Moscow, 1929-1941
In-depth studies on migration in Central and Eastern Europe : the case of Poland
Migration and regional convergence among the Finnish subregions, 1975-95
Migration and social protection in China
Where do migrants go? : an analysis of rural and urban destined/originated migration in Finland in 1996-1999
Population mobility in the Netherlands 1880-1910 : a case study of Wisch in the Achterhoek
The connection between migration and regional structure in Finland around 1990 : a GIS viewpoint
During the last decade, the issue of migration has increased in global prominence and has caused controversy among the host countries around the world. Continuing their interdisciplinary approach, editors Catherine Brettell and James Hollifield have included revised essays from the first edition in such fields as anthropology, political science, and history. This edition also features new essays by a demographer, geographer, and sociologist.
The grapes of wrath
The sixth Scandinavian demographic symposium : 16-19 June 1982 in Kungälv, Sweden. Vol 1., Studies in migration
Readings in social geography
Migration flows in Finland : regional differences in migration determinants and migrant types
Migration and competence: Family-organizational linkages in health and welfare life sector
Reasons for internal migration in Estonia 1989-2000
Land and population movements in Kenya
The promised land : the great black migration and how it changed America
Caring beyong borders
Expected earnings and interregional migration
Grapes of wrath
Internal migration : the new world and the Third World
Migrant resettlement in the Russian Federation : reconstructing 'homes' and 'homelands'
Does the compositional effect explain the association between rates of in-migration and out-migration?
The pioneers
Labour migration and wages
Insider's guide to relocation
Preface = Förord = Esipuhe
Circulation in Third World countries
Mobility and migration in indigenous Amazonia : contemporary ethnoecological perspectives
World population : basic documents. Vol. 1, What is the problem
China's minorities on the move : selected case studies
Corporate culture and the adaptation of Finnish migrants in the 1980s
The trailblazers
Mobility and modernity : migration in Germany, 1820-1989
China on the move : migration, the state, and the household
Risk analysis and the risks and reconstruction model in population resettlement : training course
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, 2005
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
How migrant labor is changing rural China
Migration and mobility : biosocial aspects of human movement
Land of hope : Chicago, black southerners, and the Great Migration
Transnationalism and diasporas : the Kurdish example
Jacob Lawrence : the migration series
New motives for migration? : on interregional mobility in the Nordic context
Norrländsk migration : [1846-1996 : Mr. and Mrs. Peter Wicklund : first swedish settlers of Gennessee]
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
Post-migratory employment prospects : evidence from Finland
Regional convergence and migration in Finland 1960-95
Finnish urban regions
Passage to manhood : youth migration, heroin, and AIDS in Southwest China
Interpreting the principle of non-refoulement in the context of repatriation
The ethics of mobilities : rethinking place, exclusion, freedom and environment
Nomadism in South Asia
Calixthe Beyala : performances of migration
The American West : a very short introduction
Internal migration and technological development
Internal migration and regional population dynamics in 1980s and 1990s in Finland
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
The dynamics of migration, health and livelihoods : INDEPTH Network perspectives
Regional mobility of unemployment workers
People on the move : rural-urban interactions in Sarawak
Who move to depressed regions? : An analysis of Migration Streams in Finland in the 1990s
Perspectives of diaspora existence : Hungarian diasporas in the Carpahtian Basin - historical and current contexts of a specific diaspora interpretation and its aspects of ethnic minority protection
Migration in a core-periphery model : analysis of agglomeration in regional growth centres
Swallows and settlers : the great migration from North China to Manchuria
People on the move : new migration flows in Europe
Transcending boundaries : Zhejiangcun : the story of a migrant village in Beijing
Migrating back in history? : the settlement structure and migration in Finland, a 400 year's perspective
Regional differences in migratory behaviour in Finland
This is the rope : a story from the great migration
Reasons for move : a study on trends and reasons of internal migration with particular interest in Estonia 1989-2000
Migration in the Caribbean area
Urban-to-rural return migration in Korea
The road to survival or death? : temporary migration during the great Finnish famine in the 1860s
School of migrant children, an ethnography in an unregistered migrant school in Beijing
Migration in, from, and to Southeastern Europe. Part 2, Ways and strategies of migrating
Economics of migration
Internal migration in contemporary China
Spaces of mobility : the planning, ethics, engineering and religion of human motion
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Russian settlement in the north
Reasons for Migration Reverse in Estonia
Liberia - the eye of the storm : a review of the literature on internally displaced, refugees and returnees
Migration theory : talking across disciplines
Increased internal migration in the beginning of the year 2000.
Wandering workers : mores, behavior, way of life, and political status of domestic Russian labor migrants
People on the move : studies on internal migration
Inter-regional migration in tropical Africa
Population movements and industrialization : Swedish counties, 1895-1930. Volume 2
Migration and change in rural Zambia
Three approaches to the economics of inter-municipal migration
Circular migration in Zimbabwe and contemporary Sub-Saharan Africa
Internally displaced persons compilation and analysis of legal norms
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Migration in the Circumpolar North : issues and contexts
The effect of education on migration : evidence from school reform
The Migration of Finnish-Americans to Florida after World War
Organizational dissent and workplace freedom of speech : a qualitative study of young professional intra-urban migrant workers in Shanghai
Internal migration : a comparative perspective
Cities and stability : urbanization, redistribution, & regime survival in China
The internal migrant : a comparative study in urbanization
The Mediterranean in the age of globalization : migration, welfare & borders
Migration behaviour and duration of residence spells after education
Migration in Finland : a multi-level system of regions
Migration in Finland, a multi-level system of regions
Migration, prostitution, and human trafficking : the voice of Chinese women
GIS in the study of migration in Finland at different regional levels
Migration in South and Southern Africa : dynamics and determinants
White settlers : the impact of rural repopulation in Scotland
Ethnicity, class, gender and migration : Greek-Cypriots in Britain
Mobility, markets, and indigenous socialities : contemporary migration in the Peruvian Andes
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
Unobserved variation in migration behaviour
Migration in European history
Migration processes in Barents Russia in the transitional period
The agrarian origins of American capitalism
Internal migration in Sweden : the role of fiscal variables and labor market conditions
Development and migration movements in Africa
Floating population and migration in China : the impact of economic reforms
Migration
Residential search behavior : a study on infra-urban relocation in Toronto
Labor mobility : studies of labor turnover and migration in the Swedish labor market
Regional migration and disparities : evidence from Finland, 1975-95
The urbanization of rural dialect speakers : a sociolinguistic study in Brazil
Sources of job and worker flows : evidence from a panel of regions
Multiregional demography : principles, methods and extensions
Migration as a function of population
A social geography of hydro-electric power projects in northern Finland : personal spatial identity in the face of environmental changes
China's social development
Migration models : macro and micro approaches
Can migration decisions be affected by income taxation policies?
Farewell, we're good and gone : the great black migration
Carceral spaces : mobility and agency in imprisonment and migrant detention
Migration and Christian identity in Congo, (DRC)
During the past 30 years migration trends in most European countries have revealed some signs of deconcentration. The aim of this paper is to analyse the reasons of such deconcentration. For that purpose we will give an overview of literature on reasons of migration turnaround and provide a deeper case analysis of one country - Estonia. In Estonia internal migration ? rst turned in favour of rural areas in 1983. The trends of deconcentration continued and rural population increased at the expense of urban population at least until the end of the 1990s. The Retrospective Estonian Living Conditions Survey of 1999 is used to analyze the possible changes in reasons for migration turnaround. That survey provides a unique opportunity for comparing reasons of migration during periods of concentration and deconcentration. In the empirical part of this paper deconcentration will be de? ned as an out? ow of population from administrative town borders into rural areas. We will not distinguish between particular types of deconcentration for practical reasons of data limitation. We are particularly interested in migration because migration seems to be the most important factor contributing to quick population changes.  .
Russian borderlands in change : North Caucasian youth and the politics of bordering and citizenship
Pathways to social class : a qualitative approach to social mobility
In 1941, Jacob Lawrence, then just 23 years old, completed a series of 60 small tempera paintings with text captions about the Great Migration, the mass movement of black Americans from the rural South to the urban North that began in 1915-16. Within months of its making, the Migration Series was divided between The Museum of Modern Art (even-numbered panels) and the Phillips Memorial Gallery (odd-numbered panels). The work has since become a landmark in the history of African American art, a monument in the collections of both institutions and a crucial example of the way in which history painting was radically reimagined in the modern era. In 2015 and 2016, the panels will be reunited in exhibitions at The Museum of Modern Art and at The Phillips Collection. This catalogue grounds Lawrence's Migration Series in the cultural and political debates that shaped the young artist's work and highlights its continued resonance for artists and writers today. An essay by Leah Dickerman situates the series within contemporary discussions about black history and an artist's social responsibilities in the late 1930s and early 1940s. Elsa Smithgall traces the acquisition and exhibition history of the Migration Series. Short commentaries on each panel explore Lawrence's career and technique, and the social history of the Migration. The catalogue also debuts ten poems commissioned from acclaimed poets that respond to the Migration Series. Elizabeth Alexander, honored as the poet at President Obama's first inauguration, introduces the section.
Education, migration and active labor market policy
