http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8773 political research
political research
Police science, 1964-1984 : a selected, annotated bibliography
The British constitution now : recovery or decline?
Fifty major political thinkers
Political science : an introduction
Comparative European politics
Displacement of politics
Politics in private : love and convictions in the French political consciousness
With this timely commitment, Jacques Bidet unites the theories of arguably the world's two greatest emancipatory political thinkers. In this far-reaching and decisive text, Bidet examines Marxian and Foucauldian criticisms of capitalist modernity. For Marx, the intersection between capital and the market is crucial, while for Foucault, the organizational aspects of capital are what really matter. According to Marx, the ruling class is identified with property; with Foucault, it is the managers who hold power and knowledge that rule. Bidet identifies these two sides of capitalist modernity as 'market' and 'organization,' showing that each leads to specific forms of social conflict; against exploitation and austerity, over wages and pensions on the one hand, and against forms of 'medical' and work-based discipline, control of bodies and prisons on the other. Bidet's impetus and clarity however serve a greater purpose: uniting two souls of critical social theory, in order to overcome what has become an age-long separation between the 'old left' and the 'new social movements.'
Modern democracies : in two volumes. 1
Crisis, choice, and change : historical studies of political development
Politics : the master sicence
Statistics for political analysis : understanding the numbers
The limits of global
A new dictionary of political analysis
The white tribe of Africa : South Africa in perspective
History and context in comparative public policy
Includes 40 handbooks and 1531 articles.
Politics and society in the USSR
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Abstract: Democracy, rule of law and ongoing conversation.
All or nothing : avoiding inefficient compromise in international cooperation
Political ideologies : left, center, right
Comparative political analysis : an introduction
Reframing the international : law, culture, politics
Modern political analysis
Foucault with Marx
The unfinished revolution in China
Abstract: Studying th European Union: from grand integration theories to the study of governance, institutions and policy networks.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Whither China and the Communist Party regime? : remembering June Fourth after twenty-five years
For the first time, this new collection brings together country specialists, researchers on the European Union, and leading international relations scholars to tackle a crucial question: how compatible are today's new patterns of 'policy networks' and 'multi-level' governance with democratic standards? This important question is attracting attention both in political science and in political practices. In political science, the question is mainly dealt with in separated sub-disciplines, which focus on different levels of politics. So far, no serious exchange has actually taken place between authors working on these different levels. The editors of this book - both specialists of network and multi-level governance - show that although the issue is raised differently in the institutional settings of the national state, the European Union, or transnational governance, excellent insights can be gained by comparison across these settings. This major new contribution includes cutting edge work from junior scholars alongside chapters by leading specialists of governance such as Guy Peters, Jon Pierre, Philippe C. Schmitter and Thomas Risse. It also contains a collection of new case studies, theoretical conceptualisations and normative proposals for solutions dealing with the issue of democratic deficits, which all give the reader a better understanding of the most crucial problems and perspectives of democracy in different patterns of "governance" beyond conventional 'government' approaches. This is a valuable book for policy analysts, students of the European Union and international relations, and all students in social and political science.
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Development corruption in South Africa : governance matters
The making of politicians : studies from Africa and Asia
This edited volume brings together global perspectives on twenty-first century Arab revolutions to theoretically and methodologically link these contemporary uprisings to resistance and protest movements worldwide, above all in the Americas. In their analyses of these transformations, the international contributors engage in an exploration of a variety of themes such as social movements and cultures of resistance, geopolitical economics, civic virtue, identity building, human rights, and foreign economic and political influence. What is the historical significance of these revolutions? What are the implications beyond the Middle East? And how are struggles in other regions of the world being influenced by these events? These heretofore largely unanswered questions are addressed in this collection, developed from presentations at a 2013 international conference on the “Arab Revolutions and Beyond” at York University, Toronto, Canada.
Teachers and politics : the role of the National Union of Teachers in the making of national educational policy in England and Wales since 1944
Politics : an introduction
Redescriptions : political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. Vol. 18.2
Building an authoritarian polity : Russia in post-Soviet times
The politics of Aristotle
What government does
The American political science review
Public man, private woman : women in social and political thought
War and peace in the borderlands of Myanmar : the Kachin Ceasefire, 1994-2011
Political bargaining : an introduction to modern politics
Handbook of political theory and political science
Political science : advance of the discipline
Politics, language and time : essays on political thought and history
The economic approach to politics : a critical reasessment of the theory of rational action
The Kurdish spring : geopolitical changes and the Kurds
Empirical political analysis : research methods in political science
Theory and methods in political science
Political argument : a reissue with a new introduction
Understanding political variables
"This edited volume seeks to provide guidance on how we can approach questions of governing and agency--particularly those who endeavour to embark on grounded empirical research--by rendering explicit some key challenges, tensions, dilemmas, and confluences that such endeavours elicit. Indeed, the contributions in this volume reflect the growing tendency in governmentality studies to shift focus to empirically grounded studies. The volume thus explicitly aims to move from theory to practice, and to step back from the more top-down governmentality studies approach to one that examines how one can/does study how relations of power affect lives, experience and agency. This book offers insight into the intricate relations between the workings of governing and (the possibility for) people's agency on the one hand, and about the possible effects of our attempts to engage in such studies on the other. In numerous ways, and from different starting points, the contributions to this volume provide thoughtful insights into, and creative suggestions for, how to work with the methodological challenges of studying the agency of being governed.This work will be of great interest to students and scholars of international relations, global governance and research methods"--
Toward a mathematics of politics
The craft of political research
Introduction to the analysis of political data
Experimental foundations of political science
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Right-wing critics of American conservatism
90th annual meeting : the American Political Science Association : September 1-4, New York Hilton New York City
Negotiating the freedom of Namibia : the diplomatic achievement of the Western Contact Group
Beyond sovietology : international relations theory and the study of Soviet/Russian foreign and security policy. Chapters 1-3
"Graeme Gill shows why post-Soviet Russia has failed to achieve the democratic outcome widely expected at the time of the fall of the Soviet Union, instead emerging as an authoritarian polity. He argues that the decisions of dominant elites have been central to the construction of an authoritarian polity, and explains how this occurred in four areas of regime-building: the relationship with the populace, the manipulation of the electoral system, the internal structure of the regime itself, and the way the political elite has been stabilised. Instead of the common 'Yeltsin is a democrat, Putin an autocrat' paradigm, this book shows how Putin built upon the foundations that Yeltsin had laid. It offers a new framework for the study of an authoritarian political system, and is therefore relevant not just to Russia but to many other authoritarian polities"--
Oxford handbooks online. Political science
The vocabulary of politics
91st annual meeting : the American Political Science Association : August 31 - September 3, Chicago Hilton and Towers, Chicago, IL
The study of political science today
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
The art and craft of policy analysis
Political science in Africa : a critical review
The concept of the political on the world stage
Latin American politics : a historical bibliography
The politics of world politics
An introduction to politics
Politics : surveys and debates for students of politics
Dilemmas of decline : British intellectuals and world politics, 1945-1975
Contradictory and complementarytheory of politics in Britain
Political theory : an encyclopedia of contemporary and classic terms
Political science at the University of Jyväskylä : growth, profile and plurality. A teach-in of speeches
89th annual meeting of the American Political Science Association : September 2-5, 1993, Washington Hilton, Washington, D.C
The political system : an inquiry into the state of political science
Introduction to political science
Handbook of political science. Vol. 2, Micropolitical theory
Arab revolutions and beyond : the Middle East and reverberations in the Americas
The study of British politics has been reinvigorated in recent years as a generation of new scholars seeks to build-upon a distinct disciplinary heritage while also exploring new empirical territory, and finds much support and encouragement from previous generations in forging new grounds in relation to theory and methods. It is in this context that The Oxford Handbook of British Politics has been conceived. The central ambition of the Handbook is not just to illustrate both the breadth and depth of scholarship that is to be found within the field. It also seeks to demonstrate the vibrancy and critical self-reflection that has cultivated a much sharper and engaging, and notably less insular, approach to the terrain it seeks to explore and understand. In this emphasis on critical engagement, disciplinary evolution, and a commitment to shaping rather than re-stating the discipline The Oxford Handbook of British Politics is consciously distinctive. In showcasing the diversity now found in the analysis of British politics, the Handbook is built upon three foundations. The first principle that underpins the volume is a broad understanding of 'the political'. It covers a much broader range of topics, themes and issues than would commonly be found within a book on British politics. This emphasis on an inclusive approach also characterizes the second principle that has shaped this collection--namely, diversity in relation to commissioned authors. The final principle focuses on the distinctiveness of the study of British politics. Each chapter seeks to reflect on what is distinctive--both in terms of the empirical nature of the issue of concern, and the theories and methods that have been deployed to unravel the nature and causes of the debate. The result is a unique volume that: draws-upon the intellectual strengths of the study of British politics; reflects the innate diversity and inclusiveness of the discipline; isolates certain distinctive issues and then reflects on their broader international relevance; and finally looks to the future by pointing towards emerging or overlooked areas of research.
Southeastern political review
What if? : explorations in social-science fiction
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
Redescriptions : political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. Vol. 19.1
Leviathan
Political science and the study of the future
Modern political science : Anglo-American exchanges since 1880
The nature of political inquiry
The Oxford handbook of British politics
The essentials of political analysis
Towards a new development paradigm in twenty-first century China : economy, society and politics
Comparative analysis of nations : quantitative approaches
Hope, power and governance
Politics and time : documenting the event
Strategies of political inquiry
Rebellion and reform in Indonesia : Jakarta's security and autonomy polices in Aceh
Knowledge and politics
Governing modern societies
"Armed separatist movements in Papua, East Timor and Aceh have been a serious problem for Indonesia's central government. This book examines the policies of successive Indonesian governments to contain secessionist forces, focusing in particular on Jakarta's response towards the armed separatist movement in Aceh. Unlike other studies of separatism in Indonesia, this book concentrates on the responses of the central government rather than looking only at the separatist forces. It shows how successive governments have tried a wide range of approaches, including military repression, offers of autonomy, peace talks and a combination of these. It discusses the lessons that have been learned from these different approaches and analyzes the impact of the tsunami, including the successful accommodation of former rebels within an Indonesian devolved state structure and the expanding implementation of Islamic law."--Jacket.
Foundations of empirical political analysis
Politics, language, and time : essays on political thought and history
Leviathan, or, The matter, forme and power of a commonwealth ecclesiasticall and civil
Political science : foundations for a fifth millennium
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Routledge handbook of European politics
Introductory problems in political research
A Grammar of Politics
A design for political science : Scope, objectives, and methods
Redefining comparative politics : promise versus performance
Values and planning
Yesterday is not behind
International bibliography of the social sciences : international bibliography of political science = Bibliographie internationale des sciences sociales : bibliographie internationale des sciences politiques. Vol. 41, 1992.
Power & choice : an introduction to political science
An introduction to modern political theory
The last crusade : religion and the politics of misdirection
"This book argues that the current state of China requires an important paradigm shift in the way the party-state manages the country's development, and goes on to assess the fitness of the party-state for implementing such a paradigm shift and the likelihood of the party-state bringing this about. It brings together an examination of the very latest situation in a range of key areas where current developments have the potential to undermine substantially the status quo, areas such as the recent economic crisis and the resulting economic slowdown, increasing labour unrest, mounting calls for social justice, worsening urban-rural disparity, the urgent need to implement social welfare programmes, the rise of civil society, and the impact of new media. Overall, the book provides a thorough appraisal of the difficulties which China currently faces."-- Provided by publisher.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Development of the concept 'man' in Finnish
The politics
Invitation to politics
The claim to community : essays on Stanley Cavell and political philosophy
Women in political theory
Political parties : a sociological study of the oligarchical tendencies of modern democracy
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
Beyond sovietology : international relations theory and the study of Soviet/Russian foreign and security policy. Chapters 4-6, Notes and Bibligraphy
Political studies review
Before anarchy : Hobbes and his critics in modern international thought
Handbook of West European political science
Perspectives on politics
Language and political understanding : the politics of discursive practices
Studying the agency of being governed : methodological reflections
What if Latin America ruled the world? : how the South will take the North into the 22nd century
Approaches to the study of politics : twenty-two contemporary essays exploring the nature of politics and methods by which it can be stidied
The challenge of politics : an introduction to political science
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Power and choice : an introduction to political science
Governance and democracy : comparing national, European and international experiences
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
Foreign policy : theories, actors, cases
The prince
Politics & policy
Sences of violence? : a short introduction
Recognition or disagreement : a critical encounter on the politics of freedom, equality, and identity
The distant present
Season of migration to the south : Africa's crises reconsidered
Problems of theory in policy analysis
Issues and methods in comparative politics : an introduction
Doing political science : an introduction to political analysis
Frames of war : when is life grievable?
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Forging trust communities : how technology changes politics
Since the Treaty of the European Union was ratified in 1993, the European Union has become an important factor in an ever-increasing number of regimes of pooled sovereignty. This Handbook seeks to present a valuable guide to this new and unique system in the twenty-first century, allowing readers to obtain a better understanding of the emerging multilevel European governance system that links national polities to Europe and the global community. Adopting a pan-European approach, this Handbook brings together the work of leading international academics to cover a wide range of topics such as: the historical and theoretical backgroundthe political systems and institutions of both the EU and its individual member nationspolitical parties and party systemspolitical elitescivil society and social movements in European politicsthe political economy of Europepublic administration and policy-makingexternal policies of the EU.
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Political science : the discipline and its dimensions : an introduction
Instances of corruption in South Africa are reported on almost a daily basis - there is no scarcity of scandals that illustrate the depth and pervasiveness of this corruption. In the wake of these scandals, awareness has grown about the economic, social, and political costs of corruption, which South Africa cannot afford. With increasing intolerance of these devastating effects, pressure from citizens and financial markets prove the need for a review of good governance matters. Development Corruption in South Africa examines governance matters with a focus on corruption. This rich empirical body on governance variables and governance performance is a welcome addition to South African government literature. Pillay's approach is unique as it improves the gathering, analysing, and disseminating of new data, which is valuable to various stakeholders. This volume analyses governance from a broad analytical framework and includes an analysis of current problems as well as future problems and their causes. --Provided by publisher.
Modern democracies : in two volumes. 2
Mathematical approaches to politics
Democracy and the majority principle : a study in twelve contemporary political theories
The use of Mao and the Chongqing model
Political thinkers : from Socrates to the present
People, power, and politics : an introductory reader
Delegated legislation and the role of Committees in the EC
Political science research methods
Hegemony and power : consensus and coercion in contemporary politics
The study of government : political science and public administration
The economic theory of representative government
What is politics? : the activity and its study
Biopolitics
The Asian Games : modern metaphor for 'The Middle Kingdom' reborn : political statement, cultural assertion, social symbol
Bureaucracy, policy, and the public
Boundaries and African integration : essays in comparative history and policy analysis
Abstract: Hannah Arendt's storytelling: an approach to the understanding contingency.
Scope and methods of political science : an introduction to the methodology of political inquiry
Conceptual history of international friendship
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
A history of political theory
A grammar of politics
Political psychology : Journal of the International society of Political Psychology
"At the beginning of 1977, several members of the United Nations (UN) Security Council prepared a joint diplomatic initiative to resolve the deadlock over South Africa's illegal occupation of Namibia. In this book, Hans-Joachim Vergau, a key participant in the ensuing negotiations, analyses the multifaceted political and diplomatic developments - as well as dramatic setbacks - that followed the initiative."--Publisher's description.
Taking distance as a condition of the study of politics
