http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8775 interest groups (groups)
interest groups (groups)
Representing interests in the European Union
Lobbying in the European Union : explanatory guide : contacts = Le lobbying dans l'Union Européenne = Lobbying in der Europäischen Union
Khazar studies : an historico-philological inquiry into the origins of the Khazars
Interest groups in Soviet politics
EU lobbying : principals, agents and targets, strategic interest intermediation in EU policy-making
"Conflict of interest occurs at all levels of governance, ranging from local to global, both in the public and the corporate and financial spheres. There is increasing awareness that conflicts of interest may distort decision-making processes and generate inappropriate outcomes, thereby undermining the functioning of public institutions and markets. However, the current worldwide trend towards regulation, which seeks to forestall, prevent and manage conflicts of interest, has its price. Drawbacks may include the stifling of decision-making processes, the loss of expertise among decision-makers and a vicious circle of distrust. This interdisciplinary and international book addresses specific situations of conflict of interest in different spheres of governance, particularly in global, public and corporate governance"--
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 5, Central and Southwest Asia
Edhina ekogidho - names as links : the encounter between African and European anthroponymic systems among the Ambo people in Namibia
Europe Inc. : regional and global restructuring and the rise of corporate power
Conceptions of democracy of key informal interest groups in Finnish forest policy
Abstract.
The democracy sourcebook
Lobbying in the European Community
Comparative politics : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 2, Western Europe and the United States : foundations of comparative politics
Europe and Civil Society provides an in-depth examination of how public interest groups and social movements seek to influence the European policy-making process. The book is based on a comparison of the role of networks of activists and their allies - broadly defined as Movement Advocacy Coalitions - in influencing decision-making at the European Union level in three specific areas of policy-making: environmentalism, anti-racism and ethno-nationalist regionalism. It draws on systematic documentary analysis and an extensive series of interviews with activists and institutional actors to examine the role of public interest organisations in these three areas. This focus reflects topical societal concerns and facilitates new insights into the study of European policy-making, political sociology, and social movement research.
American political interest groups : readings in theory and research
The political economy of state-business relations in Europe : interest mediation, capitalism and EU policy-making
The institutions of the European Union
Environmental politics : stakeholders, interests, and policymaking
Dressed for politics : why increasing transparency in the European Union will not make lobbyists behave any better than they already do
Lobbying political issues : a contingency model of effective lobbying strategies
Organizing for collective action : the political economies of associations
Votes, vetoes, and the political economy of international trade agreements
The politics of interests : interest groups transformed
The European Commission and interest groups : towards a deliberative interpretation of stakeholder involvement in EU policy-making
The purpose of this study is to explore the emergence of ecosystemic business models. Ecosystemic thinking has surfaced as a concept to explain the complexity and interconnected nature of modern business. It reflects a fundamental change in the way we view innovations in particular. Innovations are no longer considered to rise within organizational boundaries alone. Modern business is characterized by a diversity of innovation stakeholders from private and public backgrounds, from large organizations to users and citizens. To further the understanding on the research phenomenon of ecosystemic business models, this study relies on two streams of research: Open innovation and business model research. These fields of academic literature mirror well the paradigmatic shift on how the dynamism and change of modern, interconnected business context impacts innovations, value creation and capture and subsequent competitive advantage. The empirical part of this study has been conducted as qualitative case studies. Also conceptual frameworks have been based on empirical data. Drawing from ecosystem analogy, this study investigates different types of ecosystemic contexts, namely that of business ecosystems and innovation ecosystems, in order to determine not only how and why business models emerge, but also how they develop and transform in such a context. An ecosystemic view on business models emphasizes that value co-creation and co-capture need to be steered by a common motive based on mutually connected opportunities and collective value proposition. This research finds that in a complex, multileveled configuration of ecosystems, striving for synergy within the ecosystem is a prerequisite for successful building of ecosystemic value and competitive advantage as a whole. The results of the study indicate that business models are valid not only at organizational level but at theecosystemic level as well, as ecosystem synergy and successful orchestration can be achieved through utilizing the ecosystemic business model.
This book is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts, providing students with everything they need to know. The Institutions of the European Union is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts. Updates for the fourth edition include discussions of the impact of the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty and the euro crisis on the EU's institutions. Authoritative yet accessible, it remains the best guide to how this range of different bodies work together to provide political direction, manage policies, and integrate contrasting interests within the European Union.
Emerging practices and impacts of the sustainable financing in the pulp and paper industry
The European Union : how does it work?
The political economy of the European Union : institutions, policy and economic growth
Making environmental policies reasonable : a study of the consequences of social diversity for regional forest policy of SW Finland
Interest representation in the European Union
Principles of public economics : a public choice approach
Conflict of interest in global, public and corporate governance
Stakeholder perceptions of climate change and the need to adapt
Collective action in the European Union : interests and the new politics of associability
The populist paradox : interest group influence and the promise of direct legislation
Interest group politics in Europe : lessons from EU studies and comparative politics
Exploring business models in ecosystemic contexts
Using relationship marketing and VIP-practices in Helsinki night restaurants
An introduction to political communication
The interest group society
"The fully revised third edition of this highly-acclaimed book provides an authoritative and comprehensive assessment of the role of organized interests in the everyday policy-making of the EU, and of the significance of interest representation for European integration and for the democratic legitimacy of the EU"--
Economic policy in a liberal democracy
Lobbying the European Union : companies, trade associations and issue groups
American national government : institutions, policy, and participation
Corruption and democracy : political finances, conflicts of interest, lobbying, justice
Directory of interest groups = Répertoire des groupes d'intérêt = Verzeichnis der Interessenverbände
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
An introductory guide to EC competition law and practice
Value positions based on forest policy stakeholders' rhetoric in Finland
Who really matters : the core group theory of power, privilege, and success
European Union politics
The rise of the agricultural welfare state : institutions and interest group power in the United States, France, and Japan
The new shape of enlargement
A stab in the back? The British government, the paper industry and the Nordic threat, 1956-1972
The European Union and the regulation of media markets
The organizational state : social choice in national policy domains
Policy making in Finnish social and health care : a network approach
Informal governance in the European Union
Game-theoretic models of the political influence of interest groups
Parties as organized actors : the transformation of the Scandinavian three-front parties
Anonymous empire : a study of the lobby in Great Britain
Europeanization and national politics
Europe and civil society : [movement coalitions and European governance]
People who run Europe
Lobbying in America : a reference handbook
Anatomy of Finnish wolf conflict.
Abstract  (s. 2).
News, public relations and power
Local knowledge, sustainability and visionscapes in Greenland
Legislatures are political bodies essential to democracy and the rule of law. They present social scientists with numerous intriguing puzzles, with far-reaching implications for our understanding of political institutions. Why, and how, have these ancient assemblies, established in pre-democratic times, survived the transition ...
Collective action
Neighborhood groups and urban renewal
Democratization in Russia under Gorbachev, 1985-91 : the birth of a voluntary sector
European lobbying
Interest groups in Norwegian politics
"This book examines the development of business interest representation in the postcommunist countries of Eastern Europe and Eurasia. The central argument is that abusive regulatory regimes discourage the formation of business associations. At the same time, poor regulatory enforcement tends to encourage associational membership growth. Academic research often treats special interest groups as vehicles of protectionism and non-productive collusion. This book challenges this perspective with evidence of market-friendly activities of industry associations as well as their benign influence on patterns of public governance. Careful analysis of cross-national quantitative data that spans more than 25 countries, as well as the qualitative examination of the development of business associations in Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Croatia, shows that postcommunist business associations function as substitutes for state and private mechanisms of economic governance. They challenge corrupt bureaucracy and contribute to the establishment of effective and predictable regulatory regimes. These arguments and empirical findings put the long-standing issues of economic regulations, public goods, and collective action in a new theoretical perspective".
Marketing plan for pet store Tassumassu
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Law, legitimacy, and European governance : functional participation in social regulation
Representation
Governing Europe
Organized interests and the European Community
The Oxford handbook of legislative studies
Lobbying the European Union : institutions, actors, and issues
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Variations in organizational participation in government : the case of Danmark : paper prepared for presentation at the fifth Nordic Political Science Conference, Bergen, August 27-30, 1978
Stakeholder-oriented valuation to support water resources management processes : confronting concepts with local practice
Interest groups and government policy : a political economy analysis
The power of framing : a new-institutional approach to interest group participation in the European Union
Lobbying in the European Union : interest groups, lobbying coalitions, and policy change
Strategy and place : managing corporate real estate and facilities for competitive advantage
The democratic constitution
Marketing strategy and competitive positioning
Policy-making in the European Union : conceptual lenses and the integration process
Interest group strategies: navigating between priviledged access and strategies of pressure
Influence and interests in the European Union : the new politics of persuasion and advocacy
Interest-group evaluation : the case of local economic-development policy
The role of special education interest groups in national policy
Political parties and interest groups in Norway
Activists beyond borders : advocacy networks in international politics
Machiavelli in Brussels : the art of lobbying the EU
Energy policy in the European Union
Abstract in Finnish.
Building business in post-communist Russia, eastern Europe, and Eurasia : collective goods, selective incentives, and predatory states
Social capital and associations in European democracies : a comparative analysis
