http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8780 weaving
weaving
Nuvisavik : the place where we weave
Spring in the middle of winter : collection of woven scarf
The basic book of fingerweaving
Brief guide to turkish wowen fabrics
Notes on carpet-knotting and weaving
Spiders' games : a book for beginning weavers
Weaving : techniques & projects
On weaving
Rug weaving techniques
Scandinavian weaving : projects to make for your home
Bolivian Indian textiles : traditional designs and costumes
A handweaver's source book : a selection of 146 patterns from the Laura M. Allen collection
Maori weaving with Erenora Puketapu-Hetet
Composition and construction in experts' and novices' weaving design
"This book explores the importance of textiles in Andean societies, past and present, as vital indicators of regional ideas about technique and technology, and the ways these interact with power relations, including gender and class relations. The focus is on Andean textiles from a weaver's point of view, as living things which express a complex three-dimensional worldview through their structures, techniques and iconography. These ontological conceptions are traced through the various tasks and processes in the productive chain of textile making, and the manifold ways in which the ideas about a finished textile product refer back continually to these shared experiences in Andean societies. Different thematic approaches examine how the material existence of textiles served, and still serves, as a record of technological knowledge, at the heart of human-centred efforts to integrate and coordinate diverse populations into socio-cultural and productive endeavours in common."--Page 4 of cover.
Decorative artweaving
Textile art of Japan
Fabulous woven jewelry : plaiting, coiling, knotting, looping & twining with fiber & metal
The best of Jane Austen knits : 27 regency-inspired designs
Creative overshot
Woven treasures : one-of-a-kind bags with folk weaving techniques
The cultivation and weaving of cotton in the prehistoric Southwestern United States
Claywork : form and idea in ceramic design
Inspirasi : Conteporary Approach to traditional Malay Textiles
Twill thrills : the best of weaver's
Winding a warp & using a paddle
Lighting with knitted textile : rhythm of emotions
In celebration of the curious mind : a festschrift to honor Anne Blinks on her 80th birthday
The techniques of tablet weaving
Finishing touches for the handweaver
The best of weawer ́s : fabrics that go bump
Coverlets : a handbook on the Collection of Woven Coverlets in The Art Institute of Chicago
Boys don't knit
Textile : The journal of cloth & culture
African textiles : colour and creativity across a continent
Woven structure and design. Part 2, Compound structures
Weaving arts of the North American indian
Colours of the Indus : costume and textiles of Pakistan
The Techniques of Rug Weaving
Weaving with the rigid heddle loom
Nordenfjeldske kunstindustrimuseums vævskole og atelier for kunstvæving 1898-1909 = The Nordenfjeldske Museum of Applied Art School and Studio of Art Weaving
Magic world of textiles : book of proceedings
The weaver's companion
The craft of the weaver
Weaving and the Warners 1870-1970
The Nonessential Thread : Brocade, Silks to Synthetics
Development of effective communication strategy
Magical materials to weave : blending traditional and innovative yarns
Color-and-weave II
Learning to weave
You can weave : a simple and basic guide to weaving
Card weaving
"This book is the first to explore handicrafting practiced by media fans, their online fan communities and the multiple meanings they create. Based on in-depth ethnographic research into fans on the online social network for knitters, crocheters and crafters, Ravelry, Brigid Cherry explores textile craft by fans as both an artistic practice and transformative fan work. Including case studies of projects inspired by Doctor Who, True Blood, Firefly, Harry Potter, Sherlock and steampunk, the book engages with many forms of fan production, including fan art, fan fiction and cosplay. Fans of popular films and TV shows are increasingly engaging with textile crafts as a way of reworking, reimagining and engaging with cult media texts. Proving a global phenomenon amongst fan cultures in the digital media sphere, traditional film and TV audiences are forging their fan identities and participating in wider fan communities in innovative ways through online craft forums and blogs that showcase their knitting, crochet, spinning and dyeing projects. Exploring key debates from textile and media theory, surrounding gender, domesticity, the culture industries, audiences and fan culture, this book is essential reading for students of textiles, media studies, fashion, cultural and gender studies."--
Threading time : a cultural history of threadwork
American rugs and carpets : from the seventeenth century to modern times
Needlework, macramé and kitting : Color crafts volume 6.
100 Little Knitted Projects
Noshime : stripe, lattice and ikat in Edo period
Weaving : a manual of techniques
Warp & weft : a dictionary of textile terms
Knitwear fashion design
Framework knitting
Weaving : methods, patterns and traditions of an ancient art
The Weaver's Inkle Pattern Directory : 400 warp-faced weaves
Jean Wilson's soumak workbook
More loom-controlled double weave : from the notebook of a double weaver
This is how I go when I go like this : weaving and spinning as metaphor
West African Weaving
A handweaver's pattern book
On the loom : a modern weaver's guide
The craft companion
Why knot? : how to tie more than sixty ingenious, useful, beautiful, lifesaving, and secure knots!
Small webs
Rag rugs : 15 step-by-step projects for hand-crafted rugs
Paper yarn projects
Helena Hernmarck : tapestry artist
Frühe Türkische Tapisserien = Early Turkish tapestries
Alastair Morton and Edinburgh Weavers / : visionary textiles and modern art
The technique of woven tapestry
Weaving : a handbook for fiber craftsmen
Rug weaving techniques : beyond the basics
Hands on rigid heddle weaving
Handwoven specialties, and Merry Christmas, handweavers!
A Handweaver's pattern book
Scandinavian knitting design
Multiple tabby weaves : based on Dr. William G. Bateman's manuscript
Rep : a guide to Swedish warp-faced rep
Bogolan : shaping culture through cloth in contemporary Mali
The beader ́s handbook : beads, tools, materials, techniques
Weaving without a loom
The Ashford book of weaving for the four shaft loom : instruction and projects for the four shaft loom
Rug weaving : technique and design
The weaving primer : a complete guide to inkle, backstrap and frame looms
The Liftplan Connection : Designing for Dobby Looms with Photoshop® and Photoshop Elements®
Geraldine, a goat, describes each step as she and her Navajo friend make a rug, from the hair clipping and carding to the dyeing and actual weaving.
The carpet makers
Overshot is hot! : 20 innovative designers : over 40 unique and beautiful projects : many in-depth articles on theory and design from 20 years of Weaver's and Prairie wool companion
Brief guide to persian wowen fabrics
Rugs and wall hangings
Weaving Material : I.C.S. Christian Morath. Charles Petzold. E.A. Posselt
The goat in the rug
Have you any wool? : the creative use of yarn
Abuela's weave
Textiles, technical practice, and power in the Andes
Weaving is for anyone
African textiles : color and creativity across a continent
Weaving as an art form : a personal statement
The handicrafts of the Finnish women
A joy forever : Latvian weaving : traditional and modified uses
Weaving Material : Thomas R. Ashenhurst
Weaving Material : Fressinet. Oelsner. Wood / Pennington
Bedouin weaving of Saudi Arabia : and its neighbours
Weave
The art of turkish weaving : designs through the ages
Looms and textiles of the Copts : first millennium Egyptian textiles in the Carl Austin Rietz Collection of the California Academy Sciences
Weaving of the Southwest
Latvian weaving techniques
Synthetic filament yarn : texturing technology
Warp knit fabric construction : from stitch formation to stitch construction
Flatweaves of Turkey
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 11.
Warping your loom & tying on new warps
Weaving Material : Franz Donat. Large book of textile patterns
Machine knitting : hand tooling techniques
Weaving contemporary rag rugs : new designs, traditional techniques
The weaver's workbook
Weaving overshot
Cult media, fandom and textiles : handicrafting as fan art
The four-shaft table loom
Designing with blocks : for handweavers
Extended divided twill weaves : based on Dr. William G. Bateman's manuscript
Japanese ikat weaving : the techniques of kasuri
Ikats : woven silks from central Asia : the Rau Collection
Imaginative weaving
The essential handbook of weaving
The knitter's palette : a workbook of color and texture techniques and effects
Beautiful ragwork : Over 20 hand-hooked designs for floors, walls, furniture and accessories
A handbook of weaves
Navajo weaving way : the path from fleece to rug
Saori : self-discovery trough free weaving
The Contemporary Rug designer : Learn how to mix and match design elements to create your own custom rug
Mastercrafts : rediscover British craftsmanship
Circular knitting
Exploring multishaft design
The weaver's craft
