http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8782 bears
bears
Whuff wants to see winter
Forest of wolves
The little bear stories
Time to sleep, Alfie Bear
The terrible plop
MAJAVAT JA HARMAAKARHUT
The 13 1/2 lives of Captain Bluebear : being the demibiography of a seagoing bear, with numerous illustrations and excerpts from the 'Encyclopaedia of the marvels, life forms and other phenomena of Zamonia and its environs' by Professor Abdullah Nightingale
Bear on a bike
Bears and pandas
The world of Rupert : album 2
Bear's best friend
Paddington and the disappearing sandwich
Happy Christmas, Little Bear
The star-faced crocodile
Bears of the world
The Puffin book of five-minute bear stories
River of lost bears
Ben and the bear
Paddington king of the castle : numbers are fun with Paddington Bear!
Paddington king of the castle : [numbers are fun with Paddington Bear]
bear rituals found among the southern Khanty (about 1900) and the southern Sami (about 1750).
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
The polar bear
Potty time!
A beginner's guide to bear spotting
Bumble : the little bear with big ideas!
Good night, little bear
Great Bear Lake
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
I love you already!
Scruffy bear and the six white mice
The four bears finally reach Toklo's home in the mountains, but it has come at a price--Yakone is ill and may not survive and Lusa might need to leave her friends behind to discover her own purpose.
A kiss for Little Bear : by Else Holmelund Minarik ; pictures by Maurice Sendak
Old bear stories
The last wilderness
The Berenstain bears by the sea
Bird and bear
Bear flies high
The bravest ever bear
The three bears
Mr Bear to the rescue
The grizzly bear with the frizzly hair
The Melting Sea
Little one
The Berenstain Bears count their blessings
Good night little bear
The magic of Rupert : album 4
How many sleeps till my birthday?
Paddington and the grand tour
Burlington's Highland adventures
All Bear wants is to spend a pleasant day alone, but Duck really wants to hang out.
Learn about polar bear bodies, habits, and habitats.
Goldilocks and the three bears
Bears : a potrait of the animal world
Bears
Moon bear
The Berenstain Bears and slumber party
When will it snow?
Ted, Bo and Diz : the first adventure
Oops! says Olly Bear
This is a story of a daddy bear and a baby bear, on a day that's as hot as hot can be. When Dad Bear says, "I think a pair of hot bears is probably the hottest thing in the world," Little Bear suggests that they go all the way to the river to cool down. But what will happen when Little Bear tries to impress his dad by doing a big jump across the rocks? Told from the perspective of Little Bear and capturing his determination to be big and brave just like his dad, the youngest of readers will rejoice in the charcterisation and the fitting illustrations.
We're going on a bear hunt
Amazing animals ; fantastic forest
A little bit of trouble
Goodnight everyone
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Orange pear apple bear
Wolf brother
What's it like to be a baby polar bear?
Spirits in the stars
Karhun hetki = The hour of the bear
The Berenstain Bears' trouble at school
Richard Scarry's Good night, Little Bear
Friends of Rupert : album 1
A Paddington collection
A bear called Paddington
The house at Pooh Corner
Human impact on grizzly bear Ursus arctos horribilis habitat, demography, and trend at variable landscape scales
Winnie-the-Pooh
River of the lost bears
Forest of the wolves
Don't be afraid of the dark, Little Bear!
The grizzlies of Mount McKinley
Are you there, baby bear?
Norris the bear who shared
Paddington and the Christmas surprise
Bear's bad mood
Paddington the artist
Benjamin Bear in fuzzy thinking
Bears -their biology and management : ninth International Conference on Bear Research and Management : a selection of papers from the conference held at Missoula, Montana, February 1992
Little polar bear and the brave little hare
Big bears in the wild
Paddington :  Please Look After This Bear & other stories
Two hungry bears
Because I love you
A beginner's guide to bearspotting
Love from Paddington
The effects of habitat and human activity on daybed selection in brown bears
Hugless Douglas and the great cake bake
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Finding Winnie : the story of the real bear who inspired Winnie-the-Pooh
Chronicles of ancient darkness omnibus : Wolf brother, Spirit walker, Soul eater
The bear in the cave
The quest begins
The bedtime bear : a pop-up book for bedtime
Polar bear
The bear and the piano
Goldilocks and the three bears : based on a traditional folk tale
A brave bear
Bears, bears, bears!
How many sleeps till Christmas?
Paddington goes for gold
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Sir Lance-a-Little and the Three Angry Bears
The bear
The adventures of Rupert : album 3
Evaluation of the finnish national policy on large carnivores
The rabbit and the bear : a Christmas tale
Antioxidant capacities and antioxidants of strawberry, blackberry and raspberry leaves
Bears : a portrait of the animal world
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Ma darim mirim shikar-i khirs = We're going on a bear hunt
Bears : majestic creatures of the wild
I want my hat back
The Berenstain Bears and the prize pumpkin
When will it be spring?
Something about a bear
The wild girl
The melting sea
The trip to Panama
BEARS OF THE WORLD
Queen Carrion's big bear hug
A Christmas adventure
Sam's snowflake
Join Douglas on a honey hunt in the seventh Hugless Douglas adventure. This bestselling series has sold over 1.4 million copies to date in 26 languages! The sheep are baking honey cakes and Douglas can't wait to try them. He's sure that food without honey just isn't yummy. Can he ever be tempted to try something new? David Melling is one of the UK's best-loved author-illustrators and his seventh book about Douglas the brown bear is as funny and compelling as the first. It combines brilliantly imaginative illustrations with an endearing sense of what it is like to be a small child learning about the world. Hello, Hugless Douglas! was a World Book Day picture book in 2014. A new Hugless Douglas book is always a cause for celebration.
Father Bear comes home
Me and you
Island of shadows
Fire in the sky
The 'bear ceremonial' and bear rituals among the Khanty and the Sami
Physiology of the European brown bear (Ursus arctos arctos)
How to hug with Hugless Douglas
Paddington :  A day at the seaside & other stories
A young aspiring bear spotter ventures into bear country. But coming face-to-face with the furry creatures themselves, whether black or brown, can be dangerous, and our protagonist, accompanied by a trusty teddy bear, might need to use some unconventional means to stay out of trouble and avoid being (gulp!) eaten. – Provided by publisher.
