http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8781 basketball
basketball
Zone defense and attack
Sacred hoops : spiritual lessons of a hardwood warrior
Coaching baskettball successfully
Coaching girls' basketball succesfully
NBA coaches playbook : techniques, tactics and teaching points
Slam dunk. Vol. 18 : The feeling of falling
Drew League : e-lehti
Drive : the story of my life
NBA 2K12 : PlayStation 2
Complete conditioning for basketball
Players first : coaching from the inside out
Showboat : the life of Kobe Bryant
Illustrated basketball coaching techniques
I should be dead by now : the wild life and crazy times of the NBA's great rebounder of modern times
NBA 2K16 : PlayStation 4
Slam dunk. Vol. 14 : The best
The crossover
Kettlebell training for basketball
Spalding's official basket ball guide for women : 1912-1913
Coaching youth basketball : American sport education program with Don Showalter /.
NBA live 15 : PlayStation 4
Slam dunk. Vol. 20 : Shohoku's collapse
Slam dunk. Vol. 6 : Nothing to lose
NBA basketball offence basics
The best of the NBA
Basketball : steps to success
How to play basket ball : a thesis on the technique of the game
The Ultimate guide to weight training for basketball
NBA 2K14 : PlayStation 4
Wooden : a coach's life
Kalman filter algorithm for rating and prediction in basketball
Basketball, volleyball : July 1981 - July 1983 : tips & techniques for teachers and coaches
Developing a youth organization : case Turku YMCA
Basketball's greatest stars
FIFA Street. 2 : PlayStation 2
Slam dunk. Vol. 9 : A team of troubled teens
John Wooden's UCLA offense
For the love of the game : my story
Basketball : a guide to skills, techniques and tactics
Basketball for young players : guidelines for coaches
The complete encyclopedia of basketball
Slam dunk. Vol. 17 : The last spot
Slam dunk. Vol. 27 : Shohoku in trouble
Basketball for dummies
The biomechanics of sports techniques
Leading with the heart : coach K's successful strategies for basketball, business, and life
Netball : steps to success
Away match
Basketball defense sourcebook : lessons from the legends
The Last season : a team in search of its soul
NBA 2K15 : PS3
Basketball : from tip-off to slam dunk - the essential guide
NBA 2K12 : PlayStation 3
Changes in strength and endurance performance during a competitive season in female basketball players : strength training sessions before vs. after sport specific training
NBA 2K17 : Xbox One
Basketball : multiple offense and defense
Internationalization of Finnish basketball clubs
Coaching youth basketball
Slam dunk. Vol. 7 : The end of the basketball team
NBA2K17 : Xbox One
Play, comprising games for the kindergarten, playground, schoolroom and college : how to coach and play girls' basket-ball, etc
NBA 2K15 : Xbox One
Basketball : a manual for coaches, instructors and players
NBA 2K13 : PlayStation 3
Official basket ball rules : 1912-1913 : as adopted by the Amateur Athletic Union
Slam dunk. Vol. 4 : Enter the hero!!
Slam dunk. Vol. 22 : The first round
Fourteen-year-old twin basketball stars Josh and Jordan wrestle with highs and lows on and off the court as their father ignores his declining health / Library of Congress.
Basketball : the basics for coach and player
Slam dunk. Vol. 24 : For victory
Spalding's official collegiate basket ball guide : 1912-1913 : basket ball rules as revised and recommended by the Rules Committee of the Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States
Sponsors' brand recall in sport's area
NBA 2K11 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Slam dunk. Vol. 3 : The challenge of the common shot
The NBA : today's stars tomorrow's legends
Coaching basketball : technical and tactical skills
Eleven rings : the soul of success
Playing days : a novel
The young basketball player
Coaching basketball
Defining physical differences between U16 national team and non- national team basketball players
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium of the Society of Biomechanics in Sports
Youth Basketball Drills
The University of Michigan's successful coach offers his philosophy of basketball and coaching theory, and discusses in detail fundamentals, offensive and defensive tactics, and various aspects of the game.
Basketball : [with step-by-step guides to essential techniques]
Practical modern basketball
Basketball for the high school coach and the physical education teacher
NBA 2K16 : Xbox One
Nba basketball basics
Michael Jordan speaks : lessons from the world's greatest champion
NBA 2K17 : PlayStation 4
The encyclopedia of pro basketball team histories
NBA basketball : an official fan's guide
Basketball skill progressions : specifically designed for players ages 4 to 18 : NABC's handbook for teaching
