http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8798 growing environment
growing environment
Children in trouble : the role of families, schools and communities
The learning-centered kindergarten : 10 keys to success for standards-based classrooms
Family factors and the educational success of children
Loving each on best : a caring and practical approach to raising siblings
Underpinnings of dispositional optimism and pessimism and associated constructs
Environmental governance in China
"It is widely known that babies and infants will flourish in an environment that supports and promotes their learning and development. But what constitutes an appropriate environment for children under three? Drawing on recent research, this book explores the concept of an appropriate environment, both within and beyond the early years setting. It sets this within the context of child development and practically demonstrates how a high quality environment can be created for babies and children under three that supports their learning and development. Features include: - clear explanation of relevant theories - case studies and examples of good practice - focus points for readers - questions for reflective practice Providing a wealth of practical ideas and activities, this handy text provides detailed guidance on how to develop an appropriate indoor and outdoor environment for babies and children under three to help practitioners ensure effective outcomes for the youngest children in their care"--.
Does it take a village : community effects on children, adolescent, and families
Geographies of young people : the morally contested spaces of identity
Environment and upbringing as percept to child's future
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
The integrated school day - improving the educational offering of schools in Finland
Good kids from bad neighborhoods : successful development in social context
Growth and productivity of haricot bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) under different moisture and light regimes = Vekst og produktivitet hos hagebønne (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) ved ulik tilgang på vatn og lys
Family matters : how schools can cope with the crisis in childrearing
Literacy acquisition and social context
This book conceptualizes the 'lived spaces' of infant and toddler early education and care settings by bringing together international authors researching within diverse theoretical frameworks. It highlights diverse ways of understanding the experiences of very young children by exposing the ways that the authors are grappling with the unknown. The work explores broadly the construct and meanings of 'lived spaces' as relational spaces, interactional spaces, transitional spaces, curriculum spaces or pedagogical spaces operating within the social, physical and temporal environment of infant-toddler education settings. The book invites interchange between and among diverse theories and approaches and through this build new understanding of infants' and toddlers' experiences and interactions in early education and care settings. It also considers the implications of this work for policy and practice in infant and toddler education and care.
Abstract: Young crime : prevalence, predictors, correlates and restorative justice.
Andekas laps muutuvas ühiskonnas : rahvusvahelise konverentsi ettekanded : 24. november 2001 = Gifted child in the changing society : conference reports on 24 November 2001
Day care as growth environment
A nurturing environment for children up to three
Abstract: Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
Lived spaces of infant-toddler education and care : exploring diverse perspectives on theory, research and practice
Bright as a button : how to encourage your children's talents 0-5 years
"Now in two volumes, the fully revised and updated second edition of The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Infant Development provides comprehensive coverage of the basic research and applied and policy issues relating to infant development. Updated, fully-revised and expanded, this two-volume set presents in-depth and cutting edge coverage of both basic and applied developmental issues during infancy. Features contributions by leading international researchers and practitioners in the field that reflect the most current theories and research findings. Includes editor commentary and analysis to synthesize the material and provide further insight. The most comprehensive work available in this dynamic and rapidly growing field."--Provided by publisher.
Psychobiological personality : environmental antecedents in childhood, and developmental trends and wellbeing outcomes in adulthood
Evaluating educational environments
Tiny sunbirds far away
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
Growth at adolescence : with a general consideration of the effects of hereditary and environmental factors upon growth and maturation from birth to maturity
Community in a children's home
Psychosocial concepts and the interpretation of interpersonal situations : some developmental studies
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Childhood in South East Europe : historical perspectives on growing up in the 19th and 20th century
International perspectives on early childhood research : a day in the life
Measuring the thermal environment of calves under sheltered winter conditions
"An international team of researchers videoed a day in the life of two-and-a-half-year-old girls at home in Canada, Italy, Peru, Thailand, Turkey, the UK and the USA. Different paths to wellbeing are illustrated through words and images. The book examines how human culture is shaped through interactions involving young children and their families"--Provided by publisher.
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
History of environmental economic thought
Economic growth and the environment
Mental health, mental illness and family background
One boy's day : a specimen record of behavior
Environment and children : passive lessons from the everyday environment
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Brothers and sisters : the order of birth in the family
Social analysis of security : financial, economic and ecological crime - crime (in)security and (dis)trust - public and private policing
Introduction to early childhood education
Enduring bonds : the significance of interpersonal relationships in young children's lives
Appropriate environments for children under three
Estonian and Finnish gifted children in their learning environments : articles
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Ecological crisis : readings for survival
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Essays on the origins of human capital, crime and income inequality
The hidden crisis : armed conflict and education
Treasures of the island : children in alternative families
The nature of nurture
The long shadow : family background, disadvantaged urban youth, and the transition to adulthood
Social capital and local variation in student performance in Swedish-speaking Ostrobothnia in Finland
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Gypsy traveller students in secondary schools : culture, identity and achievement
Successful kindergarten transition : your guide to connecting children, families & schools
Growing into a modern world : an international interdisciplinary conference on the life and development of children in modern society. Vol. 1
Growing into a modern world : an international interdisciplinary conference on the life and development of children in modern society. Vol. 2
Taking sides : clashing views in childhood and society
Estonian and Finnish gifted children in their learning environments
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
Roots 2011 Workshop : abstracts, Joensuu, Finland 13-14 December 2011
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
Young children learning
Scaffolding children's learning : Vygotsky and early childhood education
Tilaa lapselle = Space for the child
Children's development within social context. Volume 2, Research and methodology
Kieron Smith, boy
Growing up in a changing urban landscape
Children's lives and schooling across societies
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Risk and our pedagogical relation to children
Neighborhood effects in a European city : secondary education of young people in Helsinki
Growing into a modern world : an international interdisciplinary conference on the life and development of children in modern society. Vol. 3
Intelligence, heredity, and environment
Children of the 21st century : from birth to nine months
Life changes during childhood
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
The better beginnings, better futures project : findings from grade 3 to grade 9
Families like mine : children of gay parents tell it like it is
Child development and education : different experiences, new voices
Children at risk : selected papers
Social context and mental health : the role and significance of neighborhood and family
Resilience and vulnerability : adaptation in the context of childhood adversities
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
The disadvantaged child : selected papers of Martin Deutsch and associates
Essays on economic growth
Deviant peer influences in programs for youth : problems and solutions
Children's lifeworlds : locating indigenous voices
Public and private bads in a growth model with increasing population
Children living with domestic violence : towards a framework for assessment and intervention
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
Plant growth and development : hormones and environment
Sociology and social policy for the early years
Studies of unifloral honeys are rare in Finland, and thus there are no common traits accepted for their characterization. In our study lingonberry and mire were characterized. The physico-chemical, organoleptic and melissopalynological properties and phenolic composition of the honeys were analysed and the floral origin of the mire honey was considered. Lingonberry honey is reddish and has a flavour of toffee, whereas mire honey has very strong aroma and reddish colour. Both honeys have high electrical conductivity and pH when compared to Finnish polyfloral honeys. They are both rich in fructose, while the number of disaccharides in lingonberry honey is four and in mire honey six. Lingonberry honey has three unifloral specific phenolic compounds. Mire honey has no unifloral-specific phenolic compounds, and its floral origin is not clearly defined.
Born to rebel : birth order, family dynamics, and creative lives
Proceedings of the International Trials Conference : Woking, Surrey, UK July 4-7, 2011
Nature and nurture during middle childhood
Chaos and its influence on children's development : an ecological perspective
Alcohol drinking behavior and its developmental antecedents
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
Learning and child development : a cultural-historical study
Environmental and biotic determinants of growth and height of arctic willow shrubs along a latitudinal gradient
Effects of child care on young children : forty years of research
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Without a net : the female experience of growing up working class
Education and environment
Infancy & childhood : development & its contexts
Good practice in the early years
The secret of natural readers : how preschool children learn to read
Generation text : raising well-adjusted kids in an age of instant everything
Coming home to preschool : the sociocultural context of early education
Children's development within social context. Volume 1, Metatheory and theory
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
Kids in context : the sociological study of children and childhoods
Personality traits in the blue tit
Teaching disadvantaged children in the preschool
The Cambridge handbook of environment in human development
National culture and pre-school child's growth environment : reports of the conference May, 11.-13.1994 Tallinn, Estonia
All is silence
Savage girls and wild boys : a history of feral children
Application of multilevel analysis in a study of neighbourhood effects on young people's educational careers
The sociology of child development
Sibling relationships across the life span
Characterisation of two unique unifloral honeys from the boreal coniferous zone : lingonberry and mire honeys
Supporting transitions in the early years
Differences in stand characteristics between brook-side key habitats and managed forests in southern Finland
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
Acquiring language as a twin : twin children's early health, social environment and emerging language skills
Slave : the true story of a girl's lost childhood and her fight for survival
Early education transformed
