http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8793 magpie
magpie Pica pica European magpie
Penguin bloom : the odd little bird who saved a family
Differences in egg quality and breeding success between rural and urban magpies
Hamas is typically portrayed in the West as nothing more than a terrorist organisation. Yet as Michael Irving Jensen discovers, it also provides medical clinics, kindergartens, schools, elderly care and football training to the population of the West Bank and Gaza. Using a combination of interviews and participant observation, Jensen examines how these forms of social engagement relate to the organisation's official ideology, which is still characterised by extremism and violence. "The Political Ideology of Hamas" is the first attempt to provide a multidimensional picture of this organisation by looking at how it is perceived by the leadership, the rank-and-file, and the ordinary Palestinians who come into contact with it. By comparing the rhetoric of the leadership with the social reality, Jensen opens up new ways of understanding Islamist movements in general.
Looks at the root causes of terrorism; discusses the psychological, social, and religious aspects of terrorism; and offers practical solutions on ways to identify and prevent future terrorists.
Mr Bear's birthday
Maternal effects in the magpie
Jasper and the magpie : enjoying special interests together
Crow
Hamas : a history from within
Crescent and sword : the Hamas enigma
Egg quality depends on mother's food availability and egg laying order in the magpie (Pica pica)
Inside Hamas : the untold story of the militant Islamic movement
Small-scale differences in the breeding ecology of urban and rural Magpies Pica pica
Hamas in politics : democracy, religion, violence
Penguin Bloom : the odd little bird who saved a family
Talking to the enemy : faith, brotherhood, and the (un)making of terrorists
Islam and salvation in Palestine : the Islamic Jihad movement
Muslim Palestine : the ideology of Ḥamās
Though people generally do not think of them in such terms, crows are remarkably graceful: from the tip of a crow's beak to the end of its tail is a single curve, which changes rhythmically as the crow turns its head or bends toward the ground. Foraging on their long, powerful legs, crows appear to glide over the earth; they take flight almost without effort, flapping their wings easily, ascending into the air like spirits. Nevertheless, the whiskers around their beaks and an apparent smile make crows, in a scruffy sort of way, endearingly 'human'. In a vast range of cultures from the Chinese to the Hopi Indians, crows are bearers of prophecy. Because of their courtship dances and monogamous unions, the Greeks invoked crows at weddings as symbols of conjugal love. Crows are among the most ubiquitous of birds, yet, without being in the least exotic, they remain mysterious. This book is a survey of crows, ravens, magpies and their relatives in myth, literature and life. It ranges from the raven sent out by Noah to the corvid deities of the Eskimo, to Taoist legends, Victorian novels and contemporary films. It will be of interest to all people who have ever been intrigued, puzzled, annoyed or charmed by these wonderfully intelligent birds.
Political Islam, world politics and Europe : democratic peace and Euro-Islam versus global jihad
Abnormal nest-sites and the clutch sixe of the Oystercatcher Haematopus ostralegus in the archipelago of SW Finland
Wading birds
Nest predation processes and farmland birds : habitat selection and population dynamics of predators and prey
Effects of hatching order on the exploration behaviour in the magpie (Pica pica)
The political ideology of Hamas : a grassroots perspective
