http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8790 teacherhood
teacherhood
Emerging teachers and globalisation
Self-processes, learning, and enabling human potential : dynamic new approaches
Abstract.
The mentally disturbed teacher
Towards equity and self-discovery in teacher  education : development of pedagogical thinking among 2nd and 3rd  career vocational teacher students
Teaching in the modern secondary school
Perspectives on supported collaborative teacher inquiry
Learning from experience : memory and the teacher's account of teaching
"What are the issues that education raises for you? Beyond the technical skills and knowledge aspects of education, teachers and student teachers face questions which challenge their beliefs and approaches to their teaching and learning. This book contains a series of short articles each of which encourage you to reflect on your own practice and challenge your beliefs about how and what you teach. Questions explored include: When does inclusion become exclusion for the rest of the class? Do interactive whiteboards support or reduce creativity in the classroom? Is drama a luxury in the primary classroom? Should we be teaching other languages to children under seven? Learning outside the classroom, is it worth it? What makes a reflective practitioner? Essential reading for those training to teach children aged between 3 and 11, as well as practicing teachers looking to develop their practice"--
A/r/tography : rendering self through arts-based living inquiry
Experiencing Dewey : insights for today's classroom
A work in progress : the development of teacher identity with English language student teachers
Teacher autonomy and the professional learning community in Finland : exploring the context of PISA success
Professional care and vocation : cultivating ethical sensibilities in teaching
Teaching in the elementary school
Teacher in America
For the best teacher in the world
The value and implementation of health education in Finland
New realities of secondary teachers' work lives : an international comparative study of the impact of educational change on the work lives of secondary school teachers in nine countries
What makes a good primary school teacher? : expert classroom strategies
The "X" factor : personality traits of exceptional science teachers
The power of positive teaching : 35 successful strategies for active and enthusiastic classroom participation
"An accessible introduction to key educational issues, prompting debate, and encouraging reflective practice and supporting further enquiry"--
Dynamic dialogue in learning and teaching : towards transformation in vocational teacher education
Modern developments in educational practice
Education and the teacher
Stories of beginning teachers : first-year challenges and beyond
Being and becoming in the classroom
Classroom assessment scoring system : secondary manual
This book focuses on the process of becoming a teacher and on how to teach well in this contemporary age. Wrapping its discussions around the core concept of teacher identity, the book introduces a model of teacher learning that illuminates how you can systematically examine your own personal and professional teaching influences and work to arrange, adjust, and assemble them in conjunction with educational research into a coherent, unique, successful whole. The book demonstrates the many ways your personal self and professional self become integrated into your teaching work.
Construction of the Finnish teacher in the national steering documents of the 1990s : tasks and qualifications
Newly qualified teachers in northern Europe : comparative perspectives on promoting professional development
Becoming a teacher
Creativity across the primary curriculum : framing and developing practice
How to be a home economics teacher
Teacher development : exploring our own practice
"Teachers can be promoted to supervisory positions for a variety of reasons, such as excellent teaching skills, "people skills," or seniority. Seldom are teachers made supervisors because they have had specific professional preparation for the role." "This book, using case studies of actual teaching situations, illuminates an under-explored area of the language teaching profession. Important components of supervision, such as teacher evaluation, autonomy and authority, awareness, and attitude, are examined. A comprehensive review of the literature on supervision from a variety of fields - from business and industry to general education - offers valuable insights into the dynamic, interactive process of language teacher supervision. This book is a rich resource for teachers preparing to hold supervisory positions and for practicing language teacher supervisors alike.--Book jacket.
Becoming a mathematics teacher : identity and identifications
Educational leadership for organisational learning and improved student outcomes
A guide to co-teaching : new lessons and strategies to facilitate student learning
Pedagogical love and good teacherhood
Who is a suitable teacher? : the over-100-year long history of student selection for teacher training in Finland / Satu Uusiautti, Kaarina Määttä
Role reconsidered : a re-evaluation of the relationship between teacher-in-role and acting
From "hot spots" of teacher action towards "cool reflection" - developing teachers' reflective competencies on teaching
The professional education of teachers : a perceptual view of teacher preparation
Changing practices, changing education
Equal access pedagogy and work life competence among tertiary teachers
Designer Profile Model : A Mentor's Tool for Understanding the Design Persona of Mature Students
Teacher thinking twenty years on : revisiting persisting problems and advances in education
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
The foundation stage teacher in action : teaching 3, 4 and 5-year-olds
The compassionate teacher : how to teach and learn with your whole self
Status by studying? Profession building in teacher education in some European countries: comparative study based on a Unesco report
Why do teachers leave the teaching profession? : can alternative certificate programs eliminate the U. S. teacher shortage issue?
Are you a good teacher?
Successful teaching : its psychological principles
Case studies of teacher development : an in-depth look at how thinking about pedagogy develops over time
Becoming a professional tutor in the lifelong learning sector
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Developing the Pedagogy of Joy as a teacher researcher through project action research called Sleeping Beauty
School teachers : professional and demographic characteristics
The good life of teaching : an ethics of professional practice
Enhancing learning and teaching through student feedback in engineering
The framework of teacherhood in art education
Theoria et praxis
Enchancing innovation in design education
Teaching in further education : an outline of principles and practice
Towards inclusion : teacher learning in co-teaching
International handbook of self-study of teaching and teacher education practices
Becoming a teacher : issues in secondary teaching
"The French have a saying 'plus ca change plus c'est la meme chose'. The English colloquial equivalent 'same old same old' conveys a sense of the inevitable, a reminder that if we haven't learned the lessons of history we are doomed to repeat them. In over half a century, what have we learned about education, about schools as places for education, about learning and teaching and the relationship between them? What have we learned about policy making and the policy process? Has the growing impact of globalisation informed or constrained radical change? Written in an easily accessible style, and drawing on the author's personal experiences of working in education as teacher, researcher, government adviser and consultant with international agencies, each chapter of the book illuminates deeper lying issues about the nature of schooling, learning, leadership, research, and the impact of globalisation on the lives of schools, teachers, children and families. This first-hand account, spanning fifty years, addresses key questions through seven different lenses: - policy making: ideology, insiders, outsiders and dissenting voices - research and the myths of scientific rigour- international agencies and agents provocateurs - academics conferring and the power of place - New enlightenment and a university for children- being and becoming a teacher, and the end of idealism - going to school: plus ca change? Each of the seven lenses offers a unique perspective of the education system, but all are drawn together to consider the greater implications for policy and practice in the UK and beyond. The book will be of value to teachers and school leaders, as well as to academics and students on education programmes"--
"Learning to live with lesser form of knowledge" : coming to terms with the characteristics of teachers' pedagogical knowing
The journey of an inclusive educator : to teach is to touch a life forever
Being a teacher in England : teacher development in the biographies of three English primary school teachers
Expert teachers : an international perspective
Touching eternity : the enduring outcomes of teaching
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
The teacher's personal development : an introduction to self-awareness and interpersonal relations
Primer to developing a successful pre-service teacher portfolio
The art of teaching music
What teachers make : in praise of the greatest job in the world
Pedagogical authority and pedagogical love : connected or incompatible?
Building moral communities through educational drama
Navigating in educational contexts: identities and cultures in dialogue : 14th biennial conference of International Study Association on Teachers and Teaching, 1-4 July 2009 University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstracts
Why we teach
Successful teaching placements in secondary schools
Evaluating teachers for professional growth : creating a culture of motivation and learning
"The Good Life of Teaching extends the recent revival of virtue ethics to professional ethics and the philosophy of teaching. It connects long-standing philosophical questions about work and human growth to questions about teacher motivation, identity, and development. Makes a significant contribution to the philosophy of teaching and also offers new insights into virtue theory and professional ethics. Offers fresh and detailed readings of major figures in ethics, including Alasdair MacIntyre, Charles Taylor, and Bernard Williams and the practical philosophies of Hannah Arendt, John Dewey and Hans-Georg Gadamer. Provides illustrations to assist the reader in visualizing major points, and integrates sources such as film, literature, and teaching memoirs to exemplify arguments in an engaging and accessible way. Presents a compelling vision of teaching as a reflective practice showing how this requires us to prepare teachers differently "--
Pedagogy, culture & society : a journal of educational discussion and debate
Teachers as bridge builders between education and working life in master's degree education in future
How did popular educators transform into experts of the Finnish welfare state from the 1860's to the 1960's?
School problems in human relations
Challenges in teacher development : learner autonomy and intercultural competence
Teaching to learn, learning to teach : a handbook for secondary school teachers
The teacher's journey : the human dimensions
The role of the teacher in the new millenium
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
This is teaching
John Dewey and the art of teaching : toward reflective and imaginative practice
Schools for 21st-century learners : strong leaders, confident teachers, innovative approaches
Changing roles of the teacher in inter-institutional networks of schools
The music teaching artist's bible : becoming a virtuoso educator
If you have ever taught a lesson or run an activity that you thought would teach something or hoped would lead to improved learning, then here's a book that will replace that uncertainty with a clear and confident plan for every class. Jane E. Pollock explains the four critical areas of teaching and describes how you can review your practice and revise what you do to align with a model for success. To execute your plan, the book offers step-by-step instructions that include: Starting off with a curriculum document that defines your learning targets and explains what students are expected to achieve. Using a 6-step lesson planning process that prepares students, taps their prior knowledge, and cements new ideas and skills. Choosing a set of classroom assessment tasks that yield evidence of learning. Setting up your grade book with benchmarks for scoring student performance rather than using grades or point systems. Throughout the book, individual teachers share their experiences with using this approach to increase student success and their own personal satisfaction.
How to be a brilliant FE teacher : a practical guide to being effective and innovative
The best mentoring experience : a framework for professional development
Keep on keeping on : two music educators' self portrayals as windows into the reasons they remain in the profession
Vocational teacher education - finnish perspective -
How it feels to be a teacher
Becoming a teacher : accepting the challenge of a profession
Accelerated leadership development : fast tracking school leaders
The meanings of teaching : an international study of secondary teachers' work lives
In quest of the globally good teacher : exploring the need, the possibilities, and the main elements of a globally relevant core curriculum for teacher education
The principles and practice of teacher-conducted assessment in preschool and primary school
School, society, and the professional educator : a book of readings
Student teaching : cases and comments
Critical issues in music education : contemporary theory and practice
The matter of change : being a respectable teacher
Professional values and practice : meeting the standards
TALIS 2008 technical report
Mobility and transition of pedagogical expertise in Finland
Peer review of teaching : a sourcebook
Teacher leadership : improving teaching and learning from inside the classroom
Effective teaching methods
Not goats ... children! : tactical tips from a teacher
Philosophical perspectives for teachers' work : focusing on American and Indian outdoor-oriented education with international connections
Developing teacher expertise : exploring key issues in primary practice
Teaching for success : developing your teacher identity in today's classroom
Reconceptualising teacherhood through the lens of foreign-language mediation
Language teacher supervision : a case-based approach
Inventions of teaching : a genealogy
Education, democracy and discourse
Summary.
Essential teaching skills
Reflections : nurses as educators / [by] B. A. Nurse Educator
Introduction:  A close connection with working life is one of the main emphases in universities of applied sciences in Finland. This goal can be achieved e.g. by developing the contacts between research, development work and innovation (RDI) and teaching.  Creating a strong RDI profile for Master's degree programmes Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture launched a nationwide project in 2013-2015. The aims of the project are, for example, to bring teaching and workplaces closer together, to support networking and to transfer knowledge and competence between higher education institutions and workplaces. The tripartite model, which means partnership of students, teachers and representatives of working life, is a framework for all research and development.    This paper presents the results of one study which was done in this project.     The main focus is:  1) to describe and forecast how the role of the teachers will be shared with students and workplace experts in the future, and   2) to clarify the new roles and characteristics of future teachers as an important part of intensifying many-sided cooperation.     The theoretical background and literature review of that study consist of partnership, cooperation and network.  Methodology and results    Four Finnish universities of applied sciences participated in the research project collecting data by using Mill Model, innovation and co-creation method working in five workshops. The basic idea of the Idea Mill Model is to gather a general summary of ideas written down in the groups finding common answers to the questions about future teachership.    The informants participating in the workshops had gained several years of experience in Master's degree program, RDI activities or teaching. They had been invited to paying attention to a tripartite model forms from cooperation of student, mentor and teacher tutor. The themes based on research questions were discussed in the workshops. The data were analysed with content analysis. The number of participants in different workshops was between 12-26 persons.    The teacher of Master programme should have, for example, good knowledge and know-how in partnership, work experience as well as a multidisciplinary approach. The teacher has to be flexible, international and he/she should have the willingness and ability to use technical tools. The teacher's role and competences will vary depending on different situations in partnership.    The research produces multifaceted and deep new information about a cooperative teacher who is working closer with working life and building bridges between education in universities and in industry. In our article we will present the results of the study which will show what are the competences, knowledge and know-how of a master's programme teacher to act as a teacher as bridge builder connecting teaching and RDI. The results could be used to develop cooperation between universities and working life.
Teacher education policy in Europe : a voice of higher education institutions
Beyond disciplines : an action research investigating how to plan, implement and reflect on an interdisciplinary unit with visual arts and physical education
In-service education for teachers
Effective teaching in schools : theory and practice
Education and schooling : myth, heresy and misconception
Self management and occupational well-being
Teaching by heart : the Foxfire interviews
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 3 : policy and practice in early education and care
The essential thing about painting
Multicultural competencies in counseling : a statistical exploration
Image of an ideal teacher paving the way for formation of mathematics teacher identity
Teacher education: a reappraisal : report of a conference sponsored by the Fund for the Advancement of Education
Connecting teacher leadership and school improvement
Improving student learning one teacher at a time
Classroom teaching : an introduction
Taking stock of professional development schools : what's needed now
Changing world/changing teachers
The child and his curriculum
Carry on, teachers! : representations of the teaching profession in screen culture
Teachers as learners
Organization and effectiveness of induction programs for new teachers
Summary: Structural, functional and social aspects of home-school cooperation.
Becoming a teacher : emerging teacher identity in mathematics teacher education
What it takes to be a teacher : the role of personal and professional development
Turning the kaleidoscope : EFL research as auto/biography
The courage to teach : exploring the inner landscape of a teacher's life
For white folks who teach in the hood ... and the rest of y'all too : reality pedagogy and urban education
Good teachers and good teacher educators : a glance at the current teacher education in Finland
It doesn't take a genius : five truths to inspire success in every student
