http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8813 management of finances
management of finances
Improving financial education efficiency : OECD-Bank of Italy Symposium on Financial Literacy
The legacy family : the definitive guide to creating a successful multigenerational family
Modernising the EU accounts : enhanced management information and greater transparency : your guide to the EU's new financial reporting
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
Not-for-profit budgeting and financial management
Your money or your life : 9 steps to transforming your relationship with money and achieving financial independence
The Häme Castle household during the reign of Gustavus Vasa
The cookbook library : four centuries of the cooks, writers, and recipes that made the modern cookbook
Money saving handbook
The little republic : masculinity and domestic authority in eighteenth-century Britain
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Household structure in Finström parish, Åland 1760-62 and 1840-42
Professional management of housekeeping operations
The new psychology of money
It's your money, honey : a girl's guide to saving, investing, and building wealth at every age and life stage
Orchids on your budget, or, live smartly on what you have
The money code : improve your entire financial life right now
Silent house : a novel
Personal finance in your 20s for dummies
The one-page financial plan : a simple way to be smart about your money
Nice girls don't get rich : 75 avoidable mistakes women make with money
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
The economic ascent of the hotel business
The henhouse : don't let them steal your golden eggs
Rethinking home economics : women and the history of a profession
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality if life while actually spending less
The National Trust manual of housekeeping : the care of collections in historic houses open to the public
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality of life while actually spending less
Spousonomics : using economics to master love, marriage, and dirty dishes
Stewardship : our accountability to God : documentation from the LWF/DMD international consultation on stewardship in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe : 8-12 November 1993
Emerging and potential trends in public management : an age of austerity
Improving financial education and awareness on insurance and private pensions
How to Understand Business Finance
The cardinal's hat : money, ambition and housekeeping in a Renaissance court
Reengineering the university : how to be mission centered, market smart, and margin conscious
Household and family in Västanträsk :  : a village in Finström parish, Åland
Good and faithful servant : stewardship in the Orthodox Church
The Everything investing in your 20s and 30s book : learn how to manage your money and start investing for your future - now!
Value at risk : the new Benchmark for controlling market risk
The ghost lover
Resources management : team leader development series
"Premilla Nadasen recounts in this powerful book a little-known history of organizing among African American household workers. She uses the stories of a handful of women to illuminate the broader politics of labor, organizing, race, and gender in late 20th-century America. At the crossroads of the emerging civil rights movement, a deindustrializing economy, a burgeoning women's movement, and increasing immigration, household worker activists, who were excluded from both labor rights and mainstream labor organizing, developed distinctive strategies for political mobilization and social change. We learn about their complicated relationship with their employers, who were a source of much of their anguish, but, also, potentially important allies. And equally important they articulated a profound challenge to unequal state policy. Household Workers Unite offers a window into this occupation from a perspective that is rarely seen. At a moment when the labor movement is in decline; as capital increasingly treats workers as interchangeable or indispensible; as the number of manufacturing jobs continues to dwindle and the number of service sector jobs expands; as workers in industrialized countries find themselves in an precarious situation and struggle hard to make ends meet without state support or protection--the lessons of domestic worker organizing recounted here might prove to be more important than just a correction of the historical record. The women in this book, as Nadasen demonstrates, were innovative labor organizers. As a history of poor women workers, it shatters countless myths and assumptions about the labor movement and proposes a very different vision"
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
Housekeeping by design : hotels and labor
In search of a magic flute : the public funding of opera : dilemmas and decision making
Summary: In close consultation: Advising the consumer on domestic financing and debt restructuring.
When it comes to protecting your financial future, starting sooner rather than later is the smartest thing you can do. This hands-on guide provides you with the targeted financial advice you need to establish firm financial footing in your 20s and to secure your finances for years to come.
Daring to dream
Household workers unite : the untold story of African American women who built a movement
The maid of Fairbourne hall
Summary.
A labour of love : women, work and caring
The opposite of spoiled : raising kids who are grounded, generous, and smart about money
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Unmanageable opera? : the artistic-economic dichotomy and its manifestations in the organisational structures of five opera organisations
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
Abstract: Debt counselling and the problems in debt counselling work.
Consumer education for adults : thematic guidelines
Money in the family : financial organisation and women's responsibility
Domestic culture in early modern England
Higher education expert William F. Massy's decades as a professor, senior university officer, and consultant have left him with a passionate belief in the need for reform in America's traditional universities. In Reengineering the University, he addresses widespread concerns that higher education's costs are too high, learning falls short of objectives, disruptive technology and education models are mounting serious challenges to traditional institutions, and administrators and faculty are too often unwilling or unable to change. An expert microeconomist, Massy approaches the challenge of reform in a genuinely new way by applying rigorous economic principles, informed by financial data and other evidence, to explain the forces at work on universities and the flaws in the academic business model. Ultimately, he argues that computer models that draw on data from college transaction systems can help both administrators and faculty address problems of educational performance and cost analysis, manage the complexity of planning and budgeting systems, and monitor the progress of reform in nonintrusive and constructive ways.
Organize yourself!
Real world personal finance
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel
The family economy : nature and management of resources
Understanding the small business sector
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Elizabeth de Burgh, Lady of Clare (1295-1360) : household and other records
Unfair advantage : the power of financial education : what schools will never teach you about money
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel; with companion CD-ROM
Purveyance for the royal household in the reign of Queen Elizabeth
Danish cookbooks : domesticity & national identity, 1616-1901
Focus on personal finance : an active approach to help you develop successful financial skills
How to get more value for your money : [a practical, step by step kit on managing your personal income!]
The water doctor's daughters
A song for summer
The purchase of intimacy
Managing housekeeping operations
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
The millionaire next door : the surprising secrets of America's wealthy
The heir
