http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8815 medical geology
medical geology
Science in Alaska : selected papers of the Alaskan Science Conference of the National Academy of Sciences & National Research Council : Washington, November 9-11, 1950
Science in seconds
Mercury pollution ; Medical geology
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia
Some geomedical consequences of nitrogen circulation processes
Inescapable ecologies : environment, disease, and culture in the history of California
Geochemical data available for geomedicine: northern Fennoscandia
Environmental and human security in the Arctic
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia. Vol. 2
"This is the first comprehensive exploration of why human security is relevant to the Arctic and what achieving it can mean. Change in the Arctic is occurring at an unprecedented rate, placing an immense strain on the many factors that contribute to human well-being and security, such as the health of the environment, identity of peoples, supply of traditional foods, community health, economic opportunities, and political stability. The traditional definition of security has already been actively employed in the Arctic region for decades, particularly in relation to natural resource sovereignty issues, but how and why should the human aspect be introduced? What can this region teach us about human security in the wider world? The book reviews the potential threats to security, putting them in an analytical framework and indicating a clear path for solutions. Contributions come from natural, social and humanities scientists, hailing from Canada, Russia, Ukraine, Finland and Norway. Environmental Change and Human Security in the Arctic is an essential resource for policy-makers, community groups, researchers and students working in the field of human security, particularly for those in the Arctic regions"--
Forensic archaeology : advances in theory and practice
Chemical data of plant, animal and human tissues as a basis of geomedical investigations
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia. Vol. 1
Forensic recovery of human remains : archaeological approaches
Medical mineralogy and geochemistry
Locating health : historical and anthropological investigations of health and place
Knowledge for sustainable development : an insight into the Encyclopedia of Life Support Systems
