http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8822 pathogens
pathogens
Parasites and pathogens of insects. Volume 2, Pathogens
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Insects and wildlife : arthropods and their relationships with wild vertebrate animals
Proceedings of the XXth International Symposium on Virus and Virus-like Diseases of Temperate Fruit Crops: Fruit Tree Diseases : Antalya, Turkey, May 22-26, 2006
Synthesis of betulin derivatives against intracellular pathogens
Practical parasitology : general laboratory techniques and parasitic protozoa
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Pathogenic fungi in humans and animals
Rickettsioses : from genome to proteome, pathobiology, and Rickettsiae as an international threat
Fundamentals of plant pathology
Giardia as a Foodborne Pathogen
Threat of infection : microbes of high pathogenic potential - strategies for detection, control and eradication : international symposium, Würzburg, July 25 to 28, 2004
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Biological control of microbial plant pathogens
West Nile virus : detection, surveillance, and control
Foodborne Yersinia : identification and molecular epidemiology of isolates from human infections
Hygienic risk assessment by monitoring pathogens in municipal sewage
Beetle-pathogen interactions in conifer forests
Microbiologists Brett Finlay and Marie-Claire Arrieta explain how the trillions of microbes that live in and on our bodies influence childhood development; why an imbalance of those microbes can lead to obesity, diabetes, and asthma, among other chronic conditions; and what parents can do -- from conception on -- to positively affect their own behaviors and those of their children. They describe how natural childbirth, breastfeeding, and solid foods influence children’s microbiota. They also offer practical advice on matters such as whether to sterilize food implements for babies, the use of antibiotics, the safety of vaccines, and why having pets is a good idea.
Comprehensive and molecular phytopathology
Phytophthora in nurseries and forest stands
Measurement of relative hazards without active follow-up of a cohort : applications to vaccine efficacy
Emerging nursing care of vulnerable populations ; Contemporary infection control for nurses
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
Inducible mutagenesis and biofilm formation in Streptococcus uberis
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
Improving the safety of fresh meat
Guide to foodborne pathogens
Staphylococcus : molecular genetics
Sammendrag: Anvendelse av naturbaserte rensemetoder for behandling av avløpsvann fra fiskeoppdrett. Hendelsesforløpet til fiskepatogene bakterier tilsatt i sand filtre.
Bacterical pathogens associated with respiratory disease in calf rearing units in Finland
Diseases of ornamental plants
Dangerous creatures of Australia
Genomics and functional genetics of the zoonotic pathogen Helicobacter bizzozeronii
Evolution of microbial pathogens
Handbook of molecular technologies in crop disease management
Molecular biology in plant pathogenesis and disease management. Volume 2, Disease development
New insights in medical mycology
Wastewater pathogens
Viroids and viroid diseases
Biological control of soil-borne plant pathogens
Aquaculture is a rapidly expanding sector of the global economy with an average growth rate of 8.8 percent per annum since 1970. This consistent increase in production is a result of expansion of markets, globalization of market access and an increasing market demand for seafood products during a period in which most capture fisheries are stagnating or in decline. Aquaculture is expected to continue to increase its contribution to the world's production of aquatic food and will further strengthen its role in food security and food safety, while also offering opportunities to alleviate poverty, increase employment and community development and reduce overexploitation of natural aquatic resources, thus creating social and generational equity, particularly in developing countries. This rapid development of the industry under various national and regional jurisdictions has resulted in a diversity of regulatory frameworks. Thus, FAO Members have requested guidance on the application of risk analysis with respect to aquaculture production. The purpose of this manual is to provide an overview of the risk analysis process as applied to aquaculture production and to demonstrate the variety of ways in which risk can manifest in aquaculture operations and management. The intention of this manual is to promote wider understanding and acceptance of the applications and benefits of risk analysis in aquaculture production and management. This manual is directed towards decisions-makers and senior aquaculture managers in FAO Members States. It includes an introduction to the methodology used to assess the risks posed by aquaculture operations to the environment, socio-political and economic well-being and cultural values, as well as the risks to aquaculture from outside influences, including potential environmental, socio-political, economic and cultural impacts. The manual contains six sections. Section 1 provides a background to the aquaculture sector and an introduction to the concepts of risk analysis. Section 2 presents the operating environment for risk analysis for the aquaculture sector by briefly reviewing the relevant international frameworks applicable to each risk category. Section 3 discusses a general risk analysis process for aquaculture. Section 4 provides brief overviews of the risk analysis process as applied in each of the seven risk categories. Section 5 briefly summarizes actions that need to be taken by FAO Members to promote the wider use of risk analysis for aquaculture development. Finally, Section 6 discusses future challenges to aquaculture and the role risk analysis might play in addressing them.
Prions : the new biology of proteins
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Biological control of plant pathogens
Using Bayesian inference in modeling salmonella exposure, dose-response and reported & unreported human cases
Essential microbiology and hygiene for food professionals
Fish pathogens Aeromonas salmonicida and Renibacterium salmoninarum : diagnostic and epidemiological aspects
Fusarium : mycotoxins, taxonomy and pathogenicity
Investigations of resistance to fungicides in some plant pathogen - fungicide systems in Sweden
Characterizing the bacterial fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare, and some factors affecting its pathogenicity
Parasites in water : a Nordic seminar
Pine wilt disease : a worldwide threat to forest ecosystems
Regulatory networks controlling virulence in the plant pathogen Erwinia carotovora ssp. carotovora
Exploring phage-bacterium interactions : new ways to combat a fish pathogen
Understanding and applying risk analysis in aquaculture : a manual for decision-makers
Rapid and accurate detection and diagnosis of infectious agents is crucial in preparedness for diseases and biothreats. Due to a lack of rapid diagnostic capabilities, diseases and outbreaks may remain undetected. Currently available point-of-care tests often lack the sensitivity to directly detect pathogens in samples, thus there is a need for quick and robust solutions for identification of pathogens in order to mount appropriate responses. The spread of infectious diseases is a global challenge and outbreaks and epidemics place great strains to healthcare and economy. Several of the pathogens causing these diseases are not only major public health issues but pose also potential biothreats. This thesis describes the performance of field-capable gene amplification methods in the detection of three bacterial pathogens (Francisella tularensis, Bacillus anthracis, and Yersinia pestis) and a viral pathogen causing respiratory infections (influenza A virus). The methods include on-site nucleic-acid extraction and rapid real-time PCR amplification of selected gene regions in these pathogens occurring in animal tissue and human nasopharyngeal samples. Results confirm that currently-available portable thermocyclers can generate highly accurate diagnostic results in field. Furthermore, genetic characterization of a common respiratory pathogen, adenovirus is presented by investigating adenoviruses circulating in Finnish garrisons with molecular sequence analysis. Genetic characterization of a pathogen is also an important tool in investigations of alleged use of biological weapons. The presented methodology and workflow serves as an effective tool for decision makers in biothreat preparedness and in case of deliberate spread of pathogens.
Antibacterial activity of different organic honeys against food pathogenic bacterium Clostridium perfringens
Quantitative PCR in the diagnosis and monitoring of human cytomegalovirus infection in organ transplant patients
Identification of pathogenic fungi
"It has been estimated that in developed countries up to 10% of hospitalized patients develop infections every year. Not only is there a substantial cost to healthcare systems, but some healthcare associated infections (HCIAs) can be fatal. Since the majority of HCIAs are preventable, reducing HCIAs is now considered to be an integral part of patient safety and quality of care provided by all healthcare institutions worldwide. Unlike other books on infection control, the main strength of this book is to provide clear, up-to-date and practical guidance in infection control in an easy to read format which can act as a quick source of reference on all aspects of HCIA for healthcare workers who are either directly or indirectly involved in prevention and control of HCIAs. Although the book's main audience is infection control practitioners such as doctors, nurses, public health physicians, it is also a valuable reference for environmental health officers, health educators, practice managers in GP surgeries, and health service managers"--
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol 1, Prokaryotes
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
Seasonality of Ixodes ricinus and Ixodes trianguliceps tick on the bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and on vegetation in Central Finland
Diet quality can play critical role in the defence efficacy against parasitoids and pathogens in Glanville fritillary (Melitaea cinxia)
Abstract: Real-time PCR-method for detection of pathogenic Vibrio-bacteria in foodstuffs - This thesis project was made for Finnish customs laboratory, to develop a Real time PCR-method for detection of pathogenic Vibrio-bacteria in foodstuffs. Vibrios are gram-negative straight or rigidly curved rod-bacteria. They are motile, most having a single polar flagel-lum. Most produce oxidase and catalase and ferment glucose without producing gas. Of the known species, Vibrio.cholerae,Vibrio.parahemolyticus and Vibrio.vulnificus are well-reported human pathogens  FDA: s Gel-based PCR-method was used as a foundation for the project. The developed method was a real-time PCR method and changes were required to primers and probes in relation to the gel-based method. The advantage of the new method in comparison to the basic vase methods is its increased speed and accuracy. Matrices used in testing the method were fish, plant and meat.  For the purpose of this project, the pathogenic strains Vibrio cholerae, Vibrio parahemolyt-icus and Vibrio vulnificus were chosen, but the method also covers Vibrio mimicus due to its similarity with Vibrio cholerae. The project was divided in the following sections: En-richment, DNA isolation, primer and probe selection, PCR run and program optimization.
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
Populations of plant pathogens : their dynamics and genetics
Plant pathologist`s pocketbook
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Medical biotechnology
Impact of biotic and abiotic factors on bacterial virulence
The identification of Streptococcus pneumoniae
Foodborne pathogens : an illustrated text
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 3, Viruses & viroids
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
Plant viruses and virus diseases
Microfungi on land plants : an identification handbook
Modern techniques for pathogen detection
Salmonella from Genome to Function
Rapid identification of selected pathogens in biothreat preparedness
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
Pine wilt disease
Retention and elimination of pathogenic bacteria perculating through biological filters : effects of physical, chemical and microbiological factors = Retensjon og eliminering av patogene bakterier perkulerende gjennom biologisk filter : effekten av fysiske, kjemiske og mikrobiologiske faktorer
Mushroom pest and disease control : a color handbook
Bat rabies and other lyssavirus infections
Biocontrol in milk : effects of lactic acid bacteria on Bacillus cereus = Biokontroll av melk : virkning av melkesyrebakterier på Bacillus cereus
Fatal flaws : how a misfolded protein baffled scientists and changed the way we look at the brain
Principles of forest pathology
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Cellulase as a major pathogenicity factor in potato ring rot bacterium (Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus)
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
Let them eat dirt : saving your child from an oversanitized world
Molecular biology in plant pathogenesis and disease management. Volume 1, Microbial plant pathogens
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Leuven, Belgium, September 13 - 18, 2009
Pathogenesis and host response in Helicobacter pylori infections : arising from the Second European Meeting on Pathogenesis and Host Response in Helicobacter pylori Infections, Galway, Ireland
A short history of disease
Plant pathology and plant pathogens
Microorganisms in home and indoor work environments : diversity, health impacts, investigation and control
Microbial waterborne pathogens
Cryptosporidium as a Foodborne Pathogen
Exploring evolutionary responses to increasing temperature in an environmental opportunistic pathogen
Molecular aspects of plant disease resistance
Phagocyte-pathogen interactions : macrophages and the host response to infection
PMWS and PCV2-associated diseases : what have we learnt after 12 years?
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
Bacterial secreted proteins : secretory mechanisms and role in pathogenesis
Vector-borne pathogens : international trade and tropical animal diseases
Virulence mechanisms of bacterial pathogens
Exploitation of microorganisms
Handbook of Listeria monocytogenes
The genus Yersinia : from genomics to function
The fecal bacteria
Use of residue containing raw milk as feed : risk assessment on antimicrobial drug residues and hazard identification of pathogens
Active defense mechanisms in plants
Bacterial pathogenomics
Polyphyletic viruses of Gremmeniella abietina type A, a major pathogenic fungus of coniferous trees
Application of natural treatment systems on fish farm wastewater : fate of fish pathogenic bacteria introduced into sand filters
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Disease dynamics, invasion and biological control of environmentally growing pathogens
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
Modern assays for plant pathogenic fungi : identification, detection and quantification. edited by A. Schots, F. M. Dewey and R. Oliver
Genetics and plant pathogenesis
The effect of  various treatments of culture medium upon the growth of certain fungal antagonists
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
A handbook of global freshwater invasive species
Characterization of systemic acquired resistance in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) induced by Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus
Fungi in ecosystem processes
Effects of oral selenium supplementation on mastitis markers and pathogens in Estonian cows
Laboratory guide for indentification of plant pathogenic bacteria
Introduction to plant pathology
White birches (Betula spp.) are utilized in huge quantities in the forest industry in northern latitudes of the world and low-value side-stream birch bark is burnt for energy. Outer birch bark is rich in (up to 30% dry weight) triterpene betulin and it can be easily isolated by solvent extraction. Betulin could be used as such or as starting material for more valuable products, fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. In this work two sets of betulin derivatives were synthesized and screened as antiviral, antileishmanial and antibacterial agents. First set includes relatively easily synthesizable betulin derivatives, such as esters and various oxidation products. Second set includes novel heterocyclic betulin derivatives, where triazolo ring is fused by Diels-Alder reaction to the lupane skeleton of betulin. In the biological assays against human pathogens Semliki Forest virus; L. donovani parasites, which cause tropical disease leishmaniasis; and Gram-negative bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae, several betulin derivatives displayed low-micromolar 50% growth inhibition values in vitro. In addition, most of the derivatives showed low cytotoxicity against the host cell lines.
Plant pathogenic bacteria : proceedings of the 6th International conference on plant pathogenic bacteria, Maryland, June 2-7, 1985
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
Emerging foodborne pathogens
Risk assessment of microbial problems and preventive actions in food industry : 2nd Open Seminar arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Istanbul, Turkey, October 22-23, 2007
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
Methods to determine the safety and influence of probiotics on the adherence and viability of pathogens
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
Biosecurity and bioterrorism : containing and preventing biological threats
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Surface protein Pls of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus : role in adhesion, invasion and pathogenesis, and evolutionary aspects
Control strategies for plant diseases : resistance biology and fungicide resistance : NJF seminar no. 124, Århus, Denmark the 30th of June 1987
Selenium-dependent growth inhibition of mastitis pathogens in cow's milk
Vectors of plant pathogens
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Discovery and Development of Innovative Strategies for Postharvest Disease Management : Kusadasi, Turkey, April 28-May 2, 2013
Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) and TLR4 signaling in the innate response against bacterial components
Manual of infection prevention and control
Tree mycoplasmas and mycoplasma diseases
Handbook of microbiological media for the examination of food
Detection and identification of harmful microbes : 1st Workshop arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Brno, Czech Republic, December 10-12, 2007
Influence of root-zone inhabiting bacteria on growth of plants and soil-borne fungal pathogens
Use of residue contanining raw milk as feed : risk assessment on antimicrobial drug residues and hazard identification of pathogens
Effect of nutrients on competition between a virulent and a less virulent strain of the fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
Molecular biology in plant pathogenesis and disease management. Volume 3, Disease management
Plant viruses as molecular pathogens
Principles of plant infection
Disease resistance in plants
Evolutionary genetics of immunity and infection in social insects
Epidemiology and plant disease management
Growth and competition of Flavobacterium columnare strains in two different nutrient levels
Assessment of pathogens transmissible by blood
The desk encyclopedia of microbiology
The pathogenic anaerobic bacteria
Concise encyclopedia of plant pathology
"Biotechnology is delivering not only new products to diagnose, prevent, and treat human diseases but entirely new approaches to a wide range of difficult biomedical challenges. Because of advances in biotechnlogy, hundreds of new therapeutic agents, diagnostic tests, and vaccines have been developed and are available in the marketplace. In this jargon-free, easy-to-read textbook, the authors demystify the discipline of medical biotechnology and provide a fundamental understanding of the wide-ranging approaches pursued by scientists to diagnose, prevent, and treat medical conditions."--Back cover.
Phytotoxins and plant pathogenesis
Botrytis : biology, pathology and control
Veterinary microbiology
Bacteria versus antibacterial agents : an integrated approach
Bark beetle-associated fungi in Fennoscandia with special emphasis on species of Ophiostoma and Grosmannia
Pathogenesis-related proteins in ozone-exposed Norway spruce [Picea abies (Karst) L.]
The sixth extinction
