http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p882 publicity
publicity
Beyond the public sphere : opinions, publics, spaces in early modern Europe
Is it just me or is everything shit?. Volume 2 : the encyclopedia of modern life
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Argues that the growth of social networking and increased openness online is beneficial in the digital age and can lead to increased collaboration and changes in the way people organize, govern, teach, and learn.
The Constitutional Committee of Parliament : the Finnish model of norm control
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Public intimacies : talk show participants and tell-all TV
Celebrity and power : fame in contemporary culture
Jeremy Hutchinson's case histories : from Lady Chatterley's lover to Howard Marks
The trouble with keeping mum
Stars and quasi-stars : on the importance of being famous
The making of Donald Trump
A moment like this
Manufacturing Europe, restoring communication?
Fame games : the production of celebrity in Australia
Using local celebrities in branding and marketing of electronic goods in Finland  : based on South Korean endorsement models
Gossiping about sexuality : a critical discourse analysis of a gossip blog
Press here! : how to develop good relationships with journalists and achieve positive editioral publicity
Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising
Advanced Elvis course
Tabloid magazines, television shows, and Internet sites inundate us with daily updates about movie stars, musicians, athletes, and even those who have achieved celebrity status simply for being rich and extravagant. Disturbingly, it appears that the harder our celebrities fall, the more fascinating they are to us. As popular culture becomes more influential, it is important to understand both the positive and negative aspects of celebrity. This volume traces the development of the concept of celebrity, discusses some of the problems facing both celebrities and their followers, and points to future trends and developments in our cultural understanding of celebrity. The author's treatment is unflinchingly honest, revealing the importance of the public's role in celebrities' lives and establishing firm criteria for determining who is a celebrity - and who is not.
Blind faith
Public access to government-held information : a comparative symposium
The Adventuress : the irresistible rise of Miss Cath Fox
Self-exposure : human-interest journalism and the emergence of celebrity in America, 1890-1940
Home truths : a novella
Stardom and celebrity : a reader
Spontaneous shrines and the public memorialization of death
The impact of publicity on corporate offenders
The Circle
The A-list family
Publics and counterpublics
Science and the public interest : communicating the results of new scientific research to the public : excellence in science
Unspeak : words are weapons
What price fame?
Covering Clinton : the president and the press in the 1990s
The fame game
First ladies and the fourth estate : press framing of presidential wives
The stylist
The bullfighter checks her makeup : my encounters with extraordinary people
Toxic politics : responding to chemical disasters
The understudy
The European public sphere as a network? : four plus one approaches
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Understanding globalization
Dead Elvis : A chronicle of a cultural obsession
IMAGE AND REPUTATION MANAGEMENT OF THE KAINUU REGION
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Infamous
European history and public spheres
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
Obshchestvennost' and civic agency in late imperial and Soviet Russia : interface between state and society
How can the EU's voters have their say?
Public parts : how sharing in the digital age improves the way we work and live
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
CTRL [SPACE] : rhetorics of surveillance from Bentham to Big Brother
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Summary (s. 9-14).
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
Terrorism and the media : from the Iran hostage crisis to the World Trade Center bombing
The regime of visibility
Balancing the secrets of private disclosures
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
Lesser-known women : a biographical dictionary
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
The SAGE handbook of political advertising
Us weekly : e-lehti
Confidentiality of data and chemicals control
American privacy : the 400-year history of our most contested right
Principals in the public : engaging community support : practical resources for public engagement, public relations, and marketing
Sugar and spice
Mass media as a tool for Greenpeace
Private and public voices : an interdisciplinary approach to letters and letter writing
The Germans and the Holocaust : popular responses to the persecution and murder of the Jews
Access to documents in the European Union before and after the Treaty of Amsterdam
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
Finnish press laws
The activists' handbook : a step-by-step guide to participatory democracy
Vanity fair : e-lehti
European right to confrontation in criminal proceedings : absent, anonymous and vulnerable witnesses
Administrative secrecy in developed countries
The public journalism movement in America : evangelists in the newsroom
To Rome with love
Public government for private people : the report of the Commission on Freedom of Information and Individual Privacy
Journalism and PR : unpacking 'spin', stereotypes and media myths
Public space and democracy
Celebrity entrepreneurship and celebrity endorsement : similarities, differences and the effect of deeper engagement
The public and the private
Political communication in Asia
Privacy : a manifesto
The reputation economy : how to optimize your digital footprint in a world where your reputation is your most valuable asset
Look at me! : the fame motive from childhood to death
Abstract: Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising. This thesis studies the celebrity endorsement model and specially athletes as endorsers. What drives the companies to use athletes as spokesperson and how do they cope with risks involved in it? As recently news have been filled with scandals involving athletes with multimillion endorsement deals how could have these been avoided and what are the effects on endorsing companies? Main focus of the study is to investigate what kind of methods marketers use to ensure a successful endorsement campaign? Secondary focus was on researching what kind of risks companies face when cooperating with a star athlete? This thesis uses secondary data as its main source of information. Conducted research show that even though use of athletes as endorsers can be very risky, it can also lead to success. In celebrity endorsement only certainty is uncertainty. It was also discovered that marketers often value extremely different attributes when selecting a female endorser than they do with male endorsers.
Lost for words
The coverage and portrayal of the tourism Industry in Caribbean newspapers : a content analysis of local newspapers in St Lucia
Public sector transparency and accountability : making it happen
Right of access to documents: new Finnish legislation
Adapting Net Promoter thinking in public sector organizations
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
The Brand Image versus the Brand Identity ‎of a New Brand ‎ : Case RIPS Ruis Snack
The open-source everything manifesto : transparency, truth, and trust
Madonna as postmodern myth : how one star's self-construction rewrites sex, gender, Hollywood, and the American dream
" Simultaneously celebrated and denigrated, celebrities represent not only the embodiment of success, but also the ultimate construction of false value. Celebrity and Power questions the impulse to become embroiled with the construction and collapse of the famous, exploring the concept of the new public intimacy: a product of social media in which celebrities from Lady Gaga to Barack Obama are expected to continuously campaign for audiences in new ways. In a new Introduction for this edition, P. David Marshall investigates the viewing public's desire to associate with celebrity and addresses the explosion of instant access to celebrity culture, bringing famous people and their admirers closer than ever before. "--
Celebrity Studies
Making space public in early modern Europe : performance, geography, privacy
The interrelationship between journalism and public relations (PR) is one of the most contentious in the field of media studies. Numerous studies have shown that 50-80 per cent of the content of mass media is significantly shaped by PR. This book deals with this topic
Unruly subjects
The culture of secrecy : Britain, 1832-1998
The Image of Tampere in Social Media
Tourism is the main economic activity on the island of St Lucia, as well as the largest employer on the island. Despite this, the industry is yet to be fully embraced by the residents, and there is a certain level of resentment and skeptism towards the industry. In an effort to combat the negative attitudes towards the industry, the national tourism organizations, in conjunction with private tourism holdings, have embarked on a series of public sensitization programs aimed at garnering support for the industry.    The aim of this study is to examine the coverage and representation of the industry in the print media on the island. To do this, content analysis was carried out on 2 leading newspapers on the island, the St Lucia Star and the St Lucia Voice. The period of study was from September 2010 to February 2012 and a total of 49 tourism industry articles were used in the study.    Results indicate that the tourism industry received modest coverage in the local newspapers in terms of frequency of coverage. Results however indicate that though modest, the coverage was rather consistent throughout the months of the study. The majority of articles were positive in tone, with airlift and awards gained by the industry being the most popular topics discussed. Crime in the industry was the least popular topic.    An interesting discovery was the fact that most articles on the tourism industry were placed in the "hard news" sections of the newspapers as opposed to the travel and tourism section. Another interesting find was the photos which accompanied the articles. Most of the articles were accompanied by coloured photos which showed locals in business attire and very few of the photos showed traditional tourists or the natural attractions such as palm fringed beaches.    It is hoped that the findings of this research will allow industry professionals to know what information on the industry is already at the public's disposal, and in so doing, will help influence the design and implementation of future internal marketing and public sensitization programs.
Your message and the media : the complete and practical guide to media relations
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
"Written by a former CIA covert ops and intelligence expert, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto provides a roadmap for empowering the public to return to an informed, engaged democracy of, by, and for the people"--Provided by publisher.
Publicity rights and image : exploitation and legal control
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Oh great, now I can hear dead people
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
The Palin effect : money, sex and class in the new American politics
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
Hillsborough : the truth
All over the place
All over the world, the term "Public Theology" has become a heading for theological discussion on the public relevance of Christian traditions and the public mission of Christian communities. What does public engagement look like in contexts as diverse as South Africa, Brazil, Oceania, Europe, and North America? What are the different challenges and how can theology and ecclesial praxis meet them? Are there widespread intercontextual features to all contextual Public Theologies? Questions like these were discussed during an international conference in Bamberg in June 2011 under the title "Contextuality and Intercontextuality in Public Theology." This volume brings together the contributions from the conference and offers some answers to the questions posed above.
Making news with citizens : public journalism and professional reflexivity in Finnish newspapers
Modern privacy : shifting boundaries, new forms
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Women in the public life in late medieval England : a study through contemporary sources in the 1400s
Prince Harry : Brother, soldier, son
The complete guide to publicity : maximize visibility for your product, service, or organization
Images in the works : a cultural history of John Lennon's rock stardom
Power of scandal : semiotic and pragmatic in mass media
Implementation of constitutional provisions regarding mass media in a pluralist democracy : proceedings of the UniDem Seminar organised in Nicosia on 16-18 December 1994 in co-operation with the Office of the Attorney General of the Republic of Cyprus and with the support of the European Commission
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Image study of Lapin Liitto
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
Government transparency: impacts and unintended consequences
Judicial Academy of Northern Finland
Why not me?
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
The conqueror
Transparency : the key to better governance?
Silent democracy, noisy media
Transparency of nuclear regulatory activities : workshop proceedings, Tokyo and Tokai-Mura, Japan, 22-24 May 2007
The stock market as a screening device and the decision to go public
Gloryland : Christian suburbia, Christian nation
The photographs of Ron Galella
The silkworm
Mars bar and mushy peas : urban legend and the cult of celebrity
Case studies in crisis communication : international perspectives on hits and misses
The legal implications of disclosure in the public interest : an analysis of prohibitions and protections with particular reference to employers and employees
Marketing and image research : case study: Integrata Oy
Playing the Publicity Game : Music Promotion to the Finnish Media
As we speak : how to make your point and have it stick
Wishful drinking
The feminization of fame, 1750-1830
Women of our time : an album of twentieth-century photographs
Let the games begin
Access to environmental information in Europe : the implementation and implications of directive 90/313/EEC
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Rights in conflict : report of the twentieth century fund task force on justice, publicity and the first amendment
The passion of Bradley Manning
Political scandal : power and visibility in the media age
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Doing public journalism
Public sphere and experience : toward an analysis of the bourgeois and proletarian public sphere
Publicity in action
Protest campaigns, media and political opportunities
Places of the heart : memorials in Australia
Symptoms of being human
High visibility : the making and marketing of professionals into celebrities
European public administration and informatization : a comparative research project into policies, systems, infrastructures and projects
Celebrity practice in networked media : a case study of Lady Gaga and Twitter
Banners & dragons : the complete guide to creative campaigning
It's all about the song : the praxis of artist branding in the Finnish recording industry
Journalists' access to legislative processes : a comparative study of journalists's access in Finland and in the European Union
Relations in public : microstudies of the public order
Welcome to me
Lifestyle advertisements in South Korea
The astronaut wives club : a true story
Fame : from the Bronze Age to Britney
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Death of a celebrity
Contextuality and intercontextuality in public theology : proceedings from the Bamberg Conference 23.-25.06.2011
Managing public information in a mediation process
European public spheres and the challenge of radical pluralism
The European union and ideals of the public sphere
The future of the public domain : identifying the commons in information law
Public communication campaigns
Openness and access to information in Finland
Society's watchdog - or showbiz' pet? : inspiration for a better sports journalism
Writing effective news releases : how to get free publicity for yourself, your business, or your organization
The fall of public man
Prime ministers and the media : issues of power and control
Celebrities' favourite books : in aid of the Alzheimers' society
Livi Callaway has fled back to London after a reality TV disaster in New Zealand. Safely anonymous in the big city, she's determined to stay under the radar from now on. But her attempts to build a new life are complicated by unexpected visitors from her old one, and new dangers and temptations lie in wait. Late one night, she meets a mysteriously sexy American on the Underground - and the events that follow take her from Pooh Bear to the golden lights of Paris, via a trail of rock stars dead and alive. A family in disarray, a determined Swede, a crazed Australian, and a childhood friend (who might yet be more than that) have her all over the place as she tries to discover the American's secret - while keeping her own / WorldCat.
Thank you for not reading : essays on literary trivia
Starlet : first stage at the Hollywood dream factory
High visibility : transforming your personal and professional brand
The audience, the message, the speaker
The cloistered virtue : freedom of speech and the administration of Justice in the Western world
Celebrity in the 21st century : a reference handbook
Princess trap
The cult of celebrity : what our fascination with the stars reveals about us
