http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8835 church (phenomena)
church (phenomena)
Consultancy Skills for Mission and Ministry provides a readable handbook to doing consultancy in church based organisations. Many of those who exercise ministry in churches move into roles where they are expected to supervise and support ministers and church leaders in their work. Consultancy is an effective way of doing this and provides skills and theoretical frameworks for both those working explicitly as consultants to ministers and church workers and leaders as well as for officers in churches such as Archdeacons, Superintendents, Mission Officers, local church and regional development advisers or those involved in continuing professional development. Often people moving into these roles are not provided with the specific skills and knowledge they need. Other groups who will find this book useful will include consultants who operate in commercial, public and voluntary organisations but who need to know how to apply their skills in church settings and students on courses in consultancy.
Hēmerologion 1995 : hiera archiespiskopē Thyateirōn kai Megalēs Bretanias
Orthopraxia : the life of the Orthodox Church
Towards unity : the theological dialogue between the Orthodox Church and the Oriental Orthodox Churches
Christian responsibility in deafwork
Order of creation, order of redemption : the ordination of women in the Orthodox Church
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
Lojo kyrka = The church of Lohja
Theological investigations. 2, Man in the church
Lectures on Orthodox ecclesiology. Volume 2
Confederate morale and church propaganda
To become and be a mature human being, to be alive, in the midst of such a drama in which all people do in truth live, describes a radical participation. To be alive means, as Father Berrigan puts it, enduring "the crisis of grace." The fruit of the gift of Christ to this world is an unequivocal and utterly vulnerable immersion in the world as it is. . . . It means living in such a way that life is welcomed as the extraordinary gift which life is and, then, honoring that gift by extravagance: by giving one's own life away. -- "They call us dead men, and we live," wrote St. Paul. Berrigan's immersion into Pauline theology has allowed him to present his deepest concerns for the Church's role in the world. Knowing that the Church can not live in retreat from life, he illuminates the implications of the "Triple Revolution"-race, peace, and technology- for committed Christians who wish to see true renewal within ecclesial life. --From the Introduction by William Stringfellow
Questioning religious authority : a conceptual analysis of authority, its justification and use in the context of religious belief
To be a Christian in Finland : a guidebook to confirmation for immigrants and Finnish expatriates
The history of medieval life : [a guide to life from 1000 to 1500 AD]
Further studies on the Christian community in the modern world : second preparatory study outline for the World Conference of Christian Youth, Amsterdam, Holland, July 24-August 2, 1939
Religion and the Soviet State : a dilemma of power
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Icelandic church saga
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
The church as employer, money raiser, and investor
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
Umstrittene Katholizität : von der zwiespältigen Beziehung zwischen Vielfalt und Einheit : Tagungsbericht der 18. Wissenschaftlichen Konsultation der Societas Oecumenica = Catholicity under pressure : the ambiguous relationship between diversity and unity : proceedings of the 18th academic consultation of the Societas Oecumenica
The church
Osteobiography of Vicar Rungius:analyses of the bones and tissues of the mummy of an early 17th-century Northern Finnish clergyman using radiology and
stable isotopes
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Churches and the Victorian sports boom
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
No bars to manhood : [a powerful, personal statement on radical confrontation with contemporary society]
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Hope from the city
Church and state in the United States
Religions of the Constantinian empire
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
The secular Northwest : religion and irreligion in everyday postwar life
Concerning the city of God against pagans
Religious life and the Church in Estonia
The complete guide to Christian denominations
Social work and faith-based organizations
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Orthodoxia : 2012-2013
Christian Unity : the Anglican position : Olaus Petri Lectures at Upsala University October, 1946
Stretching the drum skin : an analysis of power relations in leadership development and succession in the Evangelical Lutheran church in Tanzania-Northern diocese 1942-1993
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
[Community handbook]
The Church : a report of a theological commission of the Faith and Order Commission of the World Council of Curches in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held at Lund, Sweden in 1952.
Asian dreams and Christian Hope : at the dawn of the millennium
The passing of Protestant England
The Development challenge : a sequel to the Beirut Conference of April 21-27, 1968, Montreal, Canada, May 9-12, 1969
Doctrina et politia ecclesiae Anglicanae : an Anglican summa : facsimile with variants of the text of 1617 : Richard Mocket
I sold my soul on eBay : viewing faith through an atheist's eyes
The Russian Church under the Soviet regime, 1917-1982. 2
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Partners in life : the handicapped and the church
The singer in the ecclesiastical hierarchy : the early history of the order
The big picture : a novel
Locality, nation and the  primitive  - notions about the identities of late medieval non-professional wall painters in Finnish historiography from 1880 to 1940
Church under the pressure of Stalinism : the development of the status and activities of Soviet Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church during 1944-1950
Christian initiation : a policy for the Church of England
Daily life in medieval times : a vivid, detailed account of birth, marriage and death; food, clothing and housing; love and labor in the middle ages
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
National religion and the prayer book controversy
Principles of Anglicanism
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
A church in transition
The blight of Christian Dalits : a South Indian case study
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Theology to go public
Report on the Church history conference in Valmiera (Latvia)
Ecumenism of the possible : witness, theology and the future Church. The Riverdale report and presentations and documents of the National Consultation on Ecclesiology
The gospel of Judas
A moving faith : mega churches go south
Toward consensus : Catholic-Protestant interpretations of church and state
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Ethical Investment Policy of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
The Malines Conversation revisited
Holy people : a liturgical ecclesiology
Political worship
Religious women in Britain reappraised
Church in change : The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2000 to 2003
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
The triumphant church. Vol. 1, A daily synaxarion of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Church of Churches : the ecclesiology of communion
The house where God lives : renewing the doctrine of the church for today
"...and no birds sing."
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
Limits of liberation : praxis as method in Latin American liberation theology and feminist theology
They call us dead men: reflections on life and conscience
Believing in the Church : the corporate nature of faith : a report by the doctrine commission of the Church of England
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Church and society in the Modern Age
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Towards a church in solidarity with the poor
The hybrid church in the city : third space thinking
Leviathan, or, The matter, forme, & power of a commonwealth ecclesiasticall and civill
Queer Theology : Rethinking the Western Body
Toleration and diplomacy; the religious issue in Anglo-Spanish relations, 1603-1605
The Lutheran world federation
The intifada : a briefing paper by the board for social resposibility
Journal of the International Society for Orthodox Church Music
The theology and dogma of the Orthodox Church
This book is addressed to all people of good will who are concerned about what happens to the poor in our Asian societies. Christian Hope is not a self centred hope-it is a hope for the world, for the whole of human family. Christians may find in this volume a help to critically reflect on our societies and above all relate their life and faith with the drams and hopes of the powerless. The book is also intended to help the Christians forge new relationships with the larger society, and in the process, become self-critical. People of good will and believers of other religious traditions may find in this book the struggles Christianity is undergoing in practicing the concern and love its Founder showed towards the poor and the oppressed in the society.
Ministry with youth in crisis
Baltic church-historians gathered in Daugavpils at the beginning of September 2012.
What is the relationship of the church to theology? How does the church relate to the work of creative theological authorship, particularly when authors propose novel claims? The author takes up these challenging and provocative questions and argues for a fresh ecclesiology of the church as event, specifically as a diffusively spatialized event. Establishing this claim through the fascinating historical encounters between thinkers like Thomas More and William Tyndale, John Henry Newman and Friedrich Schleiermacher, Between Magisterium and Marketplace provides a theological genealogy of modern ecclesiology, arguing that modern and contemporary ecclesiology is a theological contest not between Barth and Schleiermacher, but rather Newman and Schleiermacher. Constructing an alternative path, Saler turns to the work of a diverse array of authors past and present to argue for a humble yet hopeful view of the theological task in light of contemporary ecclesial opportunities.
The road to the unification of the Lutheran churches in the Russian empire under a single liturgy
Leo Yates, Jr.'s Interpreting at Church: A Paradigm for Sign Language Interpreters is a well-written and one-of-a-kind resource that discusses essential information for sign language interpreters who will provide professional services in a church or other Christian environment. The book covers a wide range of materials including certification, ethical and legal issues, standards, compensation, and skill development. It also contains a religious sign dictionary and helpful suggestions from veteran interpreters.
Christian critics : religion and the impasse in modern American social thought
Our daily bread : communication as a mission and ministry of the church
Religious organizations in community services : a social work perspective
In silent prayer : a history of ministry with the Deaf community in the archdiocese of Philadelphia: 1846 - 2008
The church we believe in : one, holy, catholic and apostolic
The church hesitant : a portrait of the church of England today
About Christ and the church : Father Alexander Men ; translated by Fr. Alexis Vinogradov
Summaries
In this book scholars from Australia, Japan, Korea, Germany, Ireland, and USA focus on aspects of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries. Contributions engage a host of issues pertaining to Jesus studies, early Christianity and Roman authorities, the destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple, the role of early Christian bishops and their politico-religious strategies, the interplay between Christian and Classical or Jewish models of politics, religious policies of emperors, the degree of religious pluralism, and the abuse of power. Perhaps the most relevant of all for our contemporary situation is the attention the authors pay to civil disobedience, violence, and the ideology of martyrdom.
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
Messukylän kirkot = Kyrkorna i Messuby = The churches of Messukylä = Die Kirchen in Messukylä
The protestant search for political realism, 1919-1941
Russian church singing. Vol. 1, Orthodox worship and hymnography
Mission-shaped and rural : growing churches in the countryside
A key to the development of Christian community centers : case Jezreel
A survey of the history of the Reformation in Poland and Lithuania
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Between magisterium and marketplace : a constructive account of theology and the church
Theology in the public square : church, academy, and nation
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
A Church of Encounter : guidelines for international and ecumenical work, including interfaith encounter, until 2020.
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
Responsible church leadership
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
Fifty years ago, Martin Luther King, a humble pastor from the periphery, made that historic speed, "I have a dream..." It stirred the conscience of the world and inspired hope for the marginalized all over the world. What Martin Luther King did was in effect a public theology in the context of racial discrimination and denial of civil rights to an already oppressed people. Public theology offers an open forum to all those who, moved by their religious beliefs and convictions, wish to engage themselves for the liberation of the poor and the marginalized. For Christians, the vision of the Reign of God opens up a large horizon of public theology with immense possibility to dialogue and interact with different segments of the people on issues and questions that touch upon everyone - issues of human life and society, and issues of the world and of nature.
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2007.
A man of faith : the spiritual journey of George W. Bush
Called to full unity : documents on Anglican-Roman Catholic relations 1966-1983
Report of the consultation on obstacles to the cooperation of men and women : in working life, in public service, implications for the work of the department : held at Odense, Denmark, August 8-12, 1958.
Church-state relations : a challenge for African Christianity
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
The problem of parish reform in a Finnish industrial city
The Catholic parish : institutional discipline, tribal identity and religious development in the English Church
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkolliskokous = Kyrkomötet i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland = The General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland : 1974-2011
In God's house
Not hearers only : a practical ministry for deaf people in the local church
The Catholic Church in Finland
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Center church : doing balanced, gospel-centered ministry in your city
Wolf Hall
The post-war generation and establishment religion : cross-cultural perspectives
The old and the new in the church
Churches under communism
The stars never rise
The church for disciples of Christ : seeking to be truly church today
Major trends and movements in Finnish church history
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
The 1939 meeting of the continuation committee : held at St. George's School, Clarens, Switzerland, August 21-23, 1939.
Christian family and contemporary society
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Particular law = Partikularrecht
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
Church and countryside : insights from rural theology
The death of faith
Council for Christian unity : annual report
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
The medieval housewife & other women of the Middle Ages
The Anglican communion : a survey
Western Balkans : the religious dimension
Religion in Lithuania
Protestant Churches and the making of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Consultancy skills for mission and ministry
Report of the consultation : held at Cite Universitaire, Paris, France, July 25-30th, 1963 : on marriage and family life
Adventures in the unseen : the silent witness. Vol. 1, Harare, Zimbabwe, 2000
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
Consequences: truth and..
Anglican/Roman Catholic dialogue : the work of the preparatory commission
Models of the church
Church, kingdom, world : the church as mystery and prophetic sign
A study of issues concerning homosexuality : report of the Advisory Committee of Issues Relating to Homosexuality Lutheran Church in America
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
The "other" is my neighbour : developing an ecumenical response to migration
"The image of a rough frontier--where working men were tempted away from church on Sundays by more profane concerns--was perpetuated by postwar church leaders, who decried the decline of religious involvement on the west coast. The Secular Northwest debunks the myth of a godless frontier, revealing a Pacific Northwest that was serious about its secularity, consciously rejecting the trappings of organized religion but not necessarily spirituality--and not necessarily God. In this pioneering new book, Tina Block challenges notions of feminine piety and spiritual practice, reconceiving the role of religion in the postwar era. Women, families, and middle-class communities all helped to shape Northwest secularism, but the freedom to be religiously uninvolved came at a cost: the rejection of religion often led to family, gender, and class tensions. Drawing on oral histories, census data, news articles, and private archives, Block paints irreligion as a dynamic element of Northwest identity, grounded in the region's unique geography, the cultural permeability of the Canada United States border, the independent spirit of those who called the region home, and their openness to secular ways of experiencing the world."--
In many contexts the attribute "catholic" is misunderstood as a confessional term describing one specific church. The papers of the 18th Academic Consultation of Societas Oecumenica presented in this book give insights to the ecumenical significance of the "catholicity," which all churches confess in the Creed. They also take into consideration the tensions between unity and diversity as well as the challenges by new developments in worldwide Christianity.
By what authority? : the churches and social concern
Towards a church of the poor : the work of an ecumenical group on the church and the poor
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
From pioneer mission to autonomous church : Lutheran mission cooperation and church building in Thailand 1976-1994
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
The role of faith-based organizations in providing effective social services : hearing before the Subcommittee on Criminal Justice, Drug Policy, and Human Resources of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eight Congress, first session, July 2, 2003.
Earthly mission: the Catholic Church and world development
Christianity and the African imagination : essays in honour of Adrian Hastings
Unemployment and the future of work : An enquiry for the churches
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
Pastoral care of older adults : creative pastoral care and counseling
Deaf liberation theology
Churches and the transnational corporations : an ecumenical programme
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Interpreting at church : a paradigm for sign language interpreters
The dating of the nave of the church of Lempäälä and the medieval churches in the province of Satakunta
Formulas for the distribution of Holy Communion in the reformed agendas of 16th-17th century Poland and Lithuania compared with other protestant liturgies of the same period
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
Catholic politics in Europe 1918-1945
Privilege, persecution and prophecy : the Catholic Church in Spain 1875-1975
Wolf winter
Designing a computer system for remote offices: traditional system versus cloud system : case: Church Council of the Evangelical Lutheran church of Finland
Slavery and the church
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
In a culture dominated by the individualistic values of political and social liberalism, Gary Badcock says that we seldom hear of the church as the creature of the Word of God. The church has been entrusted to us by God and belongs to the structure of the Christian faith itself. Ecclesiology is first of all theology because it is primarily about the presence of God, Badcock maintains, and is thus biblical and creedal (one, holy, catholic, and apostolic) something that we believe which is what undergirds its empirical, sociological, and even pastoral function. Rather than a hollow shell where humans dream moral dreams and do good deeds, the church is the house where God lives.
Urban theology : a reader
Report of the Consultation : held at the Collège Protestant Romand at Founex, Switzerland, July 6-10, 1964 : on sexual ethics today
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
Signs and wonders : religious rhetoric and the preservation of sign language
Closeted in the name of God - the status of homosexual employees in the Lutheran Evangelical Church in Finland
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
The catholic advantage : why health, happiness, and heaven await the faithful
The Ratzinger report : an exclusive interview on the state of the Church
The church and the homosexual
The winds of God : the Canadian church faces the 1980s
Report of the study commission on institutionalism : Fourth world conference on Faith and Order Montreal, Canada, 12-26 July 1963.
A Moving Faith captures the dynamic shift of Christianity to the South and portrays a global movement that promises prosperity, healing, empowerment, and gender equality by invoking neo - Pentecostal and Charismatic resources. It postulates that neither North America nor Europe is the current center of the Christian faith. The book provides a detailed overview of how migration of Christians from the South enriches the North, for instance, Pope Francis brings newness, freshness, and the vigor characteristic of the South. While describing Christianity's growth in the South, it suggests that, in fact, there is no center for this global faith. It explores this great move of Christianity by focusing on representative mega churches in South Korea, Brazil, Peru, Ghana, Nigeria, Australia, India, and the Philippines. -- Review: "In A Moving Faith by Dr Jonathan James, we see for the first time in a single coherent volume, not only that global Christianity in the mega church is on the rise, but in a concrete way, we are able to observe in detail what this looks like across a wide variety of locations, cultures, and habitus." -- Virginia Garrard-Burnett "The 21st century-once predicted by many commentators to be the secular century-has turned out to be the century of the mega church. Mega churches are to be found in every continent and are not simply to be equated with Pentecostalism. This wide ranging and fascinating collection of essays on mega churches, their media, and marketing strategies opens up the field for further exploration." -- Brian Stanley "Mega churches, usually associated with big independent congregations in America, are seen to be prevalent throughout much of the rest of the world. The chapters in this book offer careful, thoughtful, and perceptive accounts of the mega church phenomenon in the South. All who are concerned not only about the spread, but also the integrity of the Christian faith will greatly appreciate this book which assists us to see the big picture of World Christianity." -- Professor Mark A. Noll
The book of saints : a comprehensive biographical dictionary
"Over the course of the twentieth century, liberal Christian intellectuals - both Protestant and Catholic - drew on religion to make sense of the emerging world of professional expertise, industrial technology, and therapeutic selfhood. Christian Critics explores their social thought and cultural criticism and examines the ways that these Christian leaders perceived the nation and its people." "Offering portraits of a diverse selection of critics - including Walter Rauschenbusch, Reinhold Niebuhr, H. Richard Niebuhr, Dorothy Day, Paul Tillich, Thomas Merton, Martin Luther King, Jr., Daniel Berrigan, Michael Novak, Mary Daly, and Garry Wills - Eugene McCarraher argues that together they left a contradictory legacy. While all supported movements for the rights of labor, racial minorities, and women, some endorsed the military-industrial order that established the professional-managerial class as a dominant national force, while others favored a decentralized political economy of worker self-management. At the same time, McCarraher recasts the debate about the "therapeutic ethic" by tracing a shift, not from religion to therapy, but from religious to secular conceptions of selfhood. His book returns theology to its crucial place in the history of twentieth-century American intellectual life and suggests its importance to the future of the American Left."--Jacket.
Quadrilateralat one hundred : essays on the centenary of the Chicago-Lambeth Quadrilateral 1886/88-1986/88
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
Did Christian Britain die in the 1960s?
The church of England : a portrait
St. Petersburg Court Chant and the tradition of Eastern Slavic church singing
Papers presented at the conference on Public Theology, held at Chennai in September 2011.
Violence, nonviolence and the struggle for social justice : a statement commended by the Central Committee of the World Council of Churches, August 1973 for study, comment and action
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
Studies of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries
International conference dedicated to the 150th anniversary of Kārlis Irbe (1861-1934), the first bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia : University of Latvia, Riga, 9 November, 2011.
The Falcons of fire and ice
Russians and religion after communism
Liturgy pastoral and parochial
The politics of spirituality : a study of a renewal process in an English diocese
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Ecclesiology in context
The report of the study commission on tradition and traditions : Fourth world conference on Faith and Order, Montreal, Canada, 12-26 July 1963.
The church among deaf people
Churches holding governments accountable : a resource for reflection, discussion and action
Before the Gregorian reform : the Latin Church at the turn of the first millennium
The Korean liturgy : being the order for the celebration of Mass and the Holy Eucharist according to the use of the Anglican Church in Korea : authorised English version
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
The Eastern Orthodox church
Toddling to  the kingdom
Common witness : Basic Policy on Mission of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Biserică și societate : paradigme, interpretări, implicații = Church and society : paradigms, interpretations, implications
Signs of God's promise : Thomas Cranmer's sacramental theology and the Book of common prayer
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
Some reflections on the writing of the history of the Finnish evangelical lutheran church
Lectures on Orthodox ecclesiology. Volume 1
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Revision of canon law
No lesser God : equality of access of deaf people to faith, morality and inner peace
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. 3, The universal church
Background - religious buildings
Social Marketing Concept in Kotka-Kymi Parish Union's Environmental Agenda
Sacred catechism of the Orthodox Church
The pastors from Finland at the Suomi Synod
Catechism of the Catholic Church
Religious impact on the nation state : the Nigerian predicament
The Orthodox Church
