http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8831 labour market
labour market
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing under labour market imperfections
Flexible outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Essays on migration
Employer strategy and the labour market
Dual labor markets : a macroeconomic perspective
Unemployment, public policy and the changing labour market
Economics of wages and labour
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
Unemployment is already higher than in the recession year 2009. At the same time, unemployment growth is due less to new unemployment spells and increasingly to weaker employment opportunities for the already unemployed. The number of new job vacancies has decreased in recent years, and the vacancy filling rate has slowed down. One reason behind the shortage of new jobs is the lack of new firms, which create the largest number of jobs. The frozen labour market will slow restructuring of the economy and weakens the outlook for growth..
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
Adult education and the labour market 3 : ESREA research network : papers from the third Seminar of the Network in Leeds, March 1996
The economics of the labour market
Routes to a more open labour market
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and labour taxation under both unionized and competitive labour markets
Canned : how I lost ten jobs in ten years and learned to love unemployment
Women and migration in rural Europe : labour markets, representations and policies
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Early labour market careers of young business economists in Sweden
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Labour market evolution : the economic history of market integration, wage flewxibity and the employment relation
New approaches to manpower planning and analysis
Labour market flexibility : trends in enterprises
Abstract: Corporatism, employment and macroeconomic performance in 18 OECD countries.
Impacts of labor taxation with perfectly and imperfectly competitive domestic labor markets under flexible outsourcing
The sociology of labour markets
Human resources management for the hospitality industry
The labour market in Poland
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Labour market reforms, institutions, and the quality of employment : should we all follow German Hartz model in reforming labour markets?
Public education in a integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay
New developments in economic education
Demographic change reduces labour force and number of employed
Don't get a job... make a job : how to make it as a creative graduate
Towards gender equity in Japanese and Nordic labour markets : a tale of two paths
Labour migrations in the Balkans
Economic development & the labor market in Japan
Population shocks and employment : testing the labor market equilibrium hypothesis
Outsourcing and labor taxation in dual labor markets
Labour migration and wages
The Eurasian Economic Union : breaking the pattern of post-Soviet integration?
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Optimal factor taxation under wage bargaining : a dynamic perspective
Since the financial crisis, the population structure and age structure of the Finnish labour force have changed as the baby boomer cohorts retire. As well as capital formation and productivity, labour input constitutes one of the pillars of economic growth, meaning that the contraction of the working-age population directly cuts the growth rate of potential output. What is the scale of this problem? Further, how has the situation already been reflected on the Finnish labour market, and what implications will it have over the next five years?.
Employment policy beyond the crisis
Follow-up Study on the African graduates of Seinäjoki UAS 2003 - 2015
Essays on economic outcomes of immigrants and homosexuals
Internal labour markets in Finland
Welfare and the labor market in Poland : social policy during economic transition
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Starting out in a public sector career
Second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020 : alternative futures
Recruitment & Social networking : The Future for International Recruitment Agency A
Youth unemployment in Finland : youth unemployment and workshops as a labour market programme for integration
Essays on current account imbalances
Modern Swedish labour market policy : government report, parliamentary resolution, labour market ordinance
Gender and the European labour market
Large worker flows in the Finnish economy
Holdninger og atferd på arbeidsmarkedet = Attitudes and behaviour in the labour market
Improving skills develoment in the informal sector : strategies for Sub-Saharan Africa
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Labor supply
In this paper, the relationship between education and labor market positioning for Surinamese Dutch in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is explored. The relationship is measured at two points with a 10 year interval. Over these years, little change can be noted in labor market positioning, while educational achievements increase drastically. In the discussion, several explanations are suggested. The relationship between education and labor market positioning in the country today is used to conclude that in Amsterdam and the Netherlands, the relationship between education and labor market positioning is not linear and local data are needed to understand local labor markets to the fullest..
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Brilliant employability skills: how to stand our from the crowd in the graduate job market
Evaluation of labour market outcomes with experimental and non-experimental methods
Immigrants in the competitive and segmented labour markets
Creating labour market areas and employment zones : new regional divisions in Sweden based on commuting statistics
Equilibrium unemployment duration in an urn-ball model of the labour market
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Viewed in the light of Finland's employment and unemployment figures, the labour market impact of the weak economic performance of recent years would appear so far to be less than feared. These aggregate-level figures do not, however, reveal anything about changes between sectors or worker flows. The present article explores the labour market's internal dynamics and worker flows. Our aim is to take an overview of the dynamics of the Finnish labour market that lie behind the typically reported aggregate figures. We also use worker flows to explain observed changes in unemployment. In addition to this, the article presents the results achieved when probit analysis is used to study labour market flows..
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Employment security and labor market behavior : interdisciplinary approaches and international evidence
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Essays in search activity
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Regional aspects of unemployment in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
Outsourcing of unionized firms and the impacts of labour market policy reforms
The dictionary of industrial relations
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
The econometric analysis of transition data
Empirical studies on working hours and labour market flows
Economics of education
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
The dynamics of regional labor markets and active labor market policy : Swedish evidence
Entailing temporality : longitudinal analysis of labor market integration of immigrants in Finland
Who benefits from working in non-traditional workroles : interaction patterns and quality of worklife
Flexibility in the Nordic labour market
Working in Finland
The dynamics of labour market segmentation
Strategic outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Job search behavior of unemployed in Russia
Sales channel and area for field production : case: FutuVision
Unemployment and labor market imperfections
Integration, labor market regulation, lobbying, and technological change
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Commodity demand and labour supply in Finland
Signaling with externality
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Roberts' dictionary of industrial relations
Workers, trade unions & transition in Estonia
Why is the public sector more labor-intensive? : a distortionary tax argument
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
Sociology, work, and industry
Search models and applied labor economics
Work in a changing industrial society : final report on an international conference convened by the OECD 1974.
Internal labor markets
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Crossing the bridge : an analysis of integrated employment outcomes of adults with developmental disabilities
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
European labour markets : a long-run view
Shortage of new firms jams labour market recovery
Chinese workers in comparative perspective
Labour market dynamics in the Russian Federation
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
Some investigations into Finnish unemployment dynamics
Women and men at work
Vuosikirja 2006 = Year book 2006 : Tilastot 2005 = Statistics 2005
JobShift : how to prosper in a workplace without jobs
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
English abstract.
Restructuring the labour market : the implications for youth
Comparing social welfare systems in Europe
Diversity and decomposition in the labour market
The Swedish youth labor market in boom and depression
Wandering workers : mores, behavior, way of life, and political status of domestic Russian labor migrants
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Long-term unemployment and labour markets
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Stability and dynamics in an overlapping generations economy with flexible wage negotiations
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Agglomeration economies in local labour markets
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Generation jobless? : turning the youth unemployment crisis into opportunity
Adjustment, employment & missing institutions in Africa : the experience in Eastern & Southern Africa
Foreign direct investment, structures of employment and job creation in Central Europe during economic recovery (1993-1996)
Segmented labor markets and unemployment
Most of the second-generation immigrants in Finland are still rather young, but they will begin to enter the labour market in larger numbers within the next ten years. Thus it is interesting to consider their possible futures on the labour market in advance. This article focuses on the factors influencing the labour market performance of second-generation immigrants in Finland, and on the pathways to alternative possible futures. The data for this study was mainly gathered by means of a futures workshop, a qualitative method of studying the future. It was supplemented by a questionnaire and interviews, and in total there were 13 informants. According to the workshop participants the factors which most influence the labour market opportunities of second-generation immigrants are social networks, attitudes, structural obstacles, level of education, language skills, personality, appearance, and family. The scenarios created on the basis of the findings of the workshop and the questionnaire portray alternative futures, and show that positive as well as negative developments are possible. The overall tone of the findings was quite optimistic, and there seemed to be a belief in equal opportunities. This is in contrast with findings in other European countries, and it would be useful to address possible problems before they become engrained..
Review of the labour market in the Czech Republic
Theories of labour market segmentation : a critique
Racism and the labour market : historical studies
TYÖSSÄKÄYNTITILASTO 1995-1996 = SYSSELSÄTTNINGSSTATISTIK
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
Entrepreneurship and labour market institutions
Market signaling : informational transfer in hiring and related screening processes
Industrial relations and labour legislation in Finland
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
OECD reviews of labour market and social policies : Estonia
Labor market matching with application to Finnish data
Labor markets and unemployment
Theories of the labour market and industrial employment : a review of the social science literature
Jobs first : trade unions and modernisation of the labour market
Macroeconomic theory and the labor market
Local welfare policy making in European cities
Immigrants in the Finnish job markets : immigrants' views of factors contributing to their employment situation in Kymenlaakso and Etelä-Savo
Summary.
Transnational highly skilled Finnish migrants in Europe : choosing one's identity
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
The structure of labor markets : wages and labor mobility in theory and practice
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
The tourism labour market in the Asia-Pacific region
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Labour markets in an ageing Europe
Women's position in the labour market and politics in Finnish welfare state
The political economy of public employment programs
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Modelling the labour market
Flexible policy for more and better jobs
Income maintenance system in dual labour market
Labour markets observed
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Effort regulation in a hierarchical firm : a case for bad jobs
Local labour markets and wage structures
Working out of poverty : report of the Director-General
International business : the new realities
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Education as a vehicle for mobility? : exploring the relationship between ethnicity, education and labor market positioning in the Netherlands
We present a familiar - yet novel - signaling game where signaling in the labor market has an externality affecting the employers' profits. The externality arises due to the appearance of a free substitute (negative externalities) or a complement (positive externalities) in the product market as a result of the signaling activity. We examine in detail how the outcome of the signaling game is affected by the product market externalities and market size. It is shown first that in the case negative and mild positive externalities, the least cost separating equilibrium is standard. The level of credential, the "good" type will choose in order to separate from the "bad" type is lower (higher) with negative (positive) externality than in the case when externalities are absent. In contrast to previous literature, we show that when the magnitude of positive externalities is high enough, the least cost separating equilibrium is rather different in nature: The "good" type will choose the highest rather than the lowest possible levels of credential in order to separate from the "bad" type. Interestingly, in the case of very strong positive market externalities, the separation of workers' types is impossible, and we end up with a pooling equilibrium with maximum signaling. Finally, when considering the welfare effects, we show that under certain conditions, the private market solution may involve too little signaling compared to social optimum.
Occupations and society : toward a sociology of the labor market
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and wage solidarity under labour market imperfections
Managing decentralisation : a new role for labour market policy
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
Labour markets, wage indexation and exchange rate policy
Regional unemployment in nine European countries : the importance of the regional aspect in the context of service sector employment, female unemployment, self-employment and internal migration
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Social change and innovation in the labour market : evidence from the census SARs on occupational segregation and labour mobility, part-time work and student jobs, homework and self-employment
Alternative futures of second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020.
