http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8839 manned space flights
manned space flights
The Usborne official astronaut's handbook
Apollo : through the eyes of the astronauts
The NASA missions : when we left Earth
Digital Apollo : human and machine in spaceflight
The first man in space
Starmus : 50 years of man in space
Two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race
Alone in a spartan black cockpit, test pilot Mike Melvill rocketed towards space. He had eighty seconds to exceed the speed of sound and begin the climb to a target no civilian pilot had ever reached. He might not make it back alive. If he did, he would make history as the world's first commercial astronaut. The spectacle defied reason, the result of a competition dreamed up by entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, whose vision for a new race to space required small teams to do what only the world's largest governments had done before...From the age of eight, when he watched Apollo 11 land on the Moon, Diamandis's singular goal was to get to space. When he realized NASA was winding down manned space flight, he set out on one of the great entrepreneurial adventure stories of our time. If the government wouldn't send him to space, he would create a private space flight industry himself. In the 1990s, this idea was the stuff of science fiction. Undaunted, Diamandis found inspiration in the golden age of aviation. He discovered that Charles Lindbergh made his transatlantic flight to win a 25,000 dollar prize. The flight made Lindbergh the most famous man on earth and galvanized the airline industry. Why, Diamandis thought, couldn't the same be done for space flight? The story of the bullet-shaped SpaceShipOne, and the other teams in the hunt for a 10 million dollar prize, is an extraordinary tale of making the impossible possible. In the end, as Diamandis dreamed, the result wasn't just a victory for one team; it was the foundation for a new industry.
Neil Armstrong : a life of flight
Moonshot : the flight of Apollo 11
NASA : the complete illustrated history
Moondust : in search of the men who fell to Earth
Dark moon : Apollo and the whistle-blowers
Science but not as we know it : cutting-edge concepts made simple
Mission to the moon
The first moon landing
Space conquest : the complete history of manned spaceflight
Return to the moon : exploration, enterprise, and energy in the human settlement of space
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
Moonshot : the inside story of mankind's greatest adventure
Leap of faith : an astronaut's journey into the unknown
The space race
S-P-A-C-E tourism : economic and technical evaluation of suborbital s-p-a-c-e flight for tourism
Space snacks made of bluegreen algae
Spacebusters : the race to the moon
The space shuttle : celebrating thirty years of NASA's first space plane
The astronaut wives club : a true story
T-minus : the race to the moon
Space Shuttle launch system 1972-2004.. 99
Reaching for the stars : the illustrated history of manned spaceflight
Rocket men : the epic story of the first men on the moon
Moonfire  : the epic journey of Apollo 11
America in space : NASA's first fifty years
Destination Moon : the Apollo missions in the astronauts' own words
The explorer
Zhongguoren de taikong zhi lü / China's space travel / compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
The space movie
Almost heaven : the story of women in space
Back To The Moon
Appointment on the moon : the inside story of America's space venture
The echo
How to make a spaceship : a band of renegades, an epic race and the birth of private space flight
Space exploration
Apollo 11 : NASA mission AS-506 : 1969 (including Saturn V, CM-107, SM-107, LM-5) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the hardware from the first manned mission to land on the Moon
"To date, everything written about Armstong's life and flights has been written from the outside looking in; Barbree is the only person whom Neil Armstrong trusted to share close personal details about his inspiring life story. Working from his years of notes, and with the full cooperation of the Armstrong family, Barbree has written the definitive biography of America's most famous astronaut and one of our greatest modern heroes. Much has already been written about Armstrong and the major players who helped him fly to the moon, but he wanted this book to emphasize his two passions--family and flight. Barbree and Armstrong discussed everything, from his two marriages and the death of his baby daughter, to his love of flying, the war years and of course, his time in space. The book, timed to coincide with the 45th anniversary of the Apollo 11 launch and full of never-before-seen photos, includes many personal details that have never before been written, such as what Armstrong really felt when he took that first step on the moon, what life in NASA was like, his relationships with the other astronauts, and what he felt the future of space exploration should be"--
The real space cowboys
