http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8830 cases (linguistics)
cases (linguistics)
The syntactical distribution of the Cheremis genitive. 1
A comparative study of Bantu noun classes
Rethinking case assignment
Grammatical case assignment in Finnish
Ergativity
Applicatives : structure and interpretation from a minimalist perspective
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Case and the typology of transitivity
Partitive cases and related categories
The grown-up siblings : history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Ergativity in coast Tsimshian (Sm'algyāx)
Case-marking in contact : the development and function of case morphology in Gurindji Kriol
Natural language semantics
The history of the genitive in Swedish : a case study in degrammaticalization
The system of Hungarian sentence patterns
Typological drift in the Finno-Ugrian languages with special reference to the case system
Case and other functional categories in Finnish syntax
Theories of case
Errors made by Finns in the translation of the six local cases: an analysis
Case and grammatical relations : studies in honor of Bernard Comrie
New perspectives on case theory
Typological and historical studies in language by Mikko Korhonen : a memorial volume published on the 60th anniversary of his birth
Ergativity in Roviana, Solomon Islands
Grammar from the human perspective : case, space and person in Finnish
Grammatical roles and relations
The Oxford handbook of case
Cognitive space and linguistic case : semantic and syntactic categories in English
Language acquisition studies in generative grammar : papers in honor of Kenneth Wexler from the 1991 glow workshops
The locative alternation in German : its structure and acquisition
A description of the locus expressions of Russian
The grammar of case : towards a localistic theory
The loss of case inflection in Bulgarian and Macedonian
Alignment and ergativity in New Indo-Aryan languages
The role of semantic, pragmatic, and discourse factors in the development of case
Case marking and reanalysis : grammatical relations from Old to early modern English
The grown-up siblings: history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Encoding motion case studies from Africa : in memory of Ursula Drolc
This handbook provides a comprehensive account of current research on case and the morphological and syntactic phenomena associated with it. The semantic roles and grammatical relations indicated by case are fundamental to the whole system of language and have long been a central concern of descriptive and theoretical linguistics. The book opens with the editors' synoptic overview of the main lines of research in the field, which sets out the main issues, challenges, and debates. Some sixty scholars from all over the world then report on the state of play in theoretical, typological, diachronic, and psycholinguistic research. They assess cross-linguistic work on case and case-systems and evaluate a variety of theoretical approaches. They examine current issues and debates from historical, areal, socio-linguistic and psycholinguistic perspectives. The final part of the book consists of a set of overviews of case systems representative of some of the world's major language families. The book is fully cross-referenced, referenced, and indexed.It will be of central interest to all scholars and advanced students of syntax and morphology as well as to those working in associated subjects in semantics, typology, and psycholinguistics.
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
A classification of semantic case-relations in the Pauline Epistles
The dative and related phenomena
The distribution of pronoun case forms in English
The development of some postpositional cases in Balto-finnic languages
Null Subjects in Finnish : from Either-Or to More-Or-Less
Bound domains : a semantic constraint on existentials
Case-asymmetry : a world-wide typological study on lexeme-class-dependent deviations in morphological case inventories
Anantaṁ Śāstram : indological and linguistic studies in honour of Bertil Tikkanen
Vocative! : addressing between system and performance
On comitatives and related categories : a typological study with special focus on the languages of Europe
Case, animacy and semantic roles
Lessons in Finnish grammar
Advances in morphology
Dravidian case system
Theoretical issues in sign language research. Vol. 1, Linguistics
The acquisition of the German case system by foreign language learners
Case, valency and transitivity
Case in Africa
Modern grammars of case : a retrospective
On the meaning of prepositions and cases : the expression of semantic roles in Ancient Greek
Event structure, aspect, and quantification : a case study on Finnish and Udmurt
Finnish and Hungarian case systems : their form and function
Case in English? : the status of the possessive
Finnish case grammar : from the syntactic and semantic perspectives
Case suspension and binary complement structure in French
The development of the Komi case system : a dialectological investigation
Finnic adpositions and cases in change
Finnish summary.
A geography of case semantics : the Czech dative and the Russian instrumental
The dative. Vol. 2, Theoretical and contrastive studies
The case of the object in Livonian : a corpus based study
Zones and tiers : a study of thematic structure
Case marking semantics in Turkish
The genitive
Genitive variation in English : conceptual factors in synchronic and diachronic studies
Case selection for the direct object in Russian negative clauses. Part 2, Report on a statistical analysis
Phrasal and clausal architecture : syntactic derivation and interpretation in honor of Joseph E. Emonds
Case in Icelandic : a synchronic, diachronic and comparative approach
What happened to Finnish? First language attrition in a second language environment : Case assignment in the Finnish spoken in the USA
Varieties of accusative
The partitive in Finnish
The idexical element in morphology
The dative. Vol. 1, Descriptive studies
Papers from the Eleventh Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics. Vol. 1
The development of some postpositional cases in Balto-Finnic languages
