http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8842 criminology
criminology
Green cultural criminology : constructions of environmental harm, consumerism, and resistance to ecocide
Helter skelter : the true story of the Manson murders
Criminology goes to the movies : crime theory and popular culture
Girls, women and crime : selected readings
Feminist perspectives in criminology
Primer in radical criminology : critical perspectives on crime, power, and identity
Inequality, crime, and public policy
Victimology : the essentials
Women and crime : a text/reader
Collected studies in criminological research. 1, Reports presented to the 1st, 2nd and 3rd European Conferences of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1963, 1964 and 1965)
The roots of evil : a social history of crime and punishment
Criminal profiling : an introduction to behavioral evidence analysis
The use and usefulness of the social sciences : achievements, disappointments and promise
Preventing crime
Criminological research trends in Western Germany : German reports to the 6th International congress on criminology in Madrid 1970
Ideology and crime : a study of crime in its social and historical context
Predicting recidivism using survival models
Rape and womanś identity
Socioeconomic differences in crime and victimization : a register-based study
Statistics for criminology and criminal justice
Crime science : new approaches to preventing and detecting crime
Criminal justice processes and perspectives in a changing world
Key perspectives in criminology
Helter skelter : The true story of the Manson murders
Profiling the criminal mind : behavioral science and criminal investigative analysis
Foucault, crime and power : problematisations of crime in the twentieth century
Offender reentry : rethinking criminology and criminal justice
The dynamics of criminological research
Research methods in criminal justice and criminology : a mixed methods approach
Criminal behavior : a psychological approach
The crimes of the economy : a criminological analysis of economic thought
Economics of crime : theory and practice
What works in offender compliance? : international perspectives and evidence-based practice
Whither criminal justice policy?
Understanding crime : current theory and research
Deviant interpretations
Remorse and reparation
The crime of all crimes : toward a criminology of genocide
History of criminology
Scandinavian studies in criminology
An outline of scientific criminology
Researching crime : approaches, methods and application
Political criminality : the defiance and defense of authority
Criminology : explaining crime and its context
The law and the dangerous criminal : statutory attempts at definition and control
CLUES TO MURDER : FAMOUS FORENSIC MURDER CASES.
Lessons from comparative / international criminology
From criminology to applied comparative criminology : life as a peripatetic comparativist
Varieties of comparative criminology
Violent offenders : theory, research, policy, and practice
Edited by Meda Chesney-Lind and Lisa Pasko, "Girls, Women and Crime: Selected Readings, Second Edition" is a compilation of journal articles on the female offender written by leading researchers in the field of criminology and women's studies. The individual sections in the book survey four major areas: theories of female criminality, literature on female juvenile delinquents, and women as offenders and women in prison. The readings in "Girls, Women, and Crime" focus on two central questions: How does gender matter in crime and the justice system? What characterizes women's and girls' pathway to crime? In answering these key questions, the contributors reveal the complex worlds females in the criminal justice system must often negotiate-worlds that are frequently riddled with violence, victimization, discrimination, and economic marginalization.
Criminology and archaeology : studies in looted antiquities
Doing criminological research
Developmental criminology and its discontents : trajectories of crime from childhood to old age
Trends in crime : comparative studies and technical problems
Introduction to criminology
Criminology : an interdisciplinary approach
Reactions to crime
Aspects of social control in welfare states
Crime and crime control in Scandinavia 1976-80
Beyond criminal justice : an anthology of abolitionist papers presented to conferences of the European group for the study of deviance and social control
"Crime and crime control in an integrating Europe"
Dimensioning the crime problem
Contrology : beyond the new criminology
Understanding crime : an evaluation of the National Institute of Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice
Causality, determinism and prognosis in criminology
The illegal business of human trafficking
The science of crime measurement : issues for spatially referenced crime data
Crime in a complex society : an introduction to criminology
The poetics of crime : understanding and researching crime and deviance through creative sources
Prevention of juvenile delinquency, the role of institutions of socialisation in a changing society
Offenders as employees : an enquiry by the Cambridge Institute of Criminology
International handbook of contemporary developments in criminology. [2], Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia
Collected studies in criminological research. 5, Reports presented to the 6th European Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1968)
The policy-making process in the criminal justice system
Lessons from international/comparative criminology/criminal justice
Theoretical criminology
Punishment and justice : a Finnish approach
Criminal behaviour : a psychological analysis
Central issues in criminal theory
Methods of evaluation and planning in the field of crime : reports presented to the 1. Criminological Colloquium (1973)
Criminal behavior
Violence in America. Vol. 1, History of crime
Revue internationale de droit penal : la peine de mort = the death penalty
Recent developments in criminological theory : toward disciplinary diversity and theoretical integration
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
Law : key concepts in philosophy
Criminological theory : a life-course approach
Race, crime and criminal justice
Criminological theories : traditional and non-traditional voices and themes
Current trends in criminological research : [reports presented to the 7th Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1969)]
Controlling crime : the classical perspective in criminology
Fundamentals of research in criminology and criminal justice : with selected readings
Organized crime : the fifth estate
Violence in America. Vol. 2, Protest, rebellion, reform
Theory in criminology : contemporary views
Crime and justice. 1, The criminal in society
Perception in criminology
The new and the old criminology
Understanding criminal victimization : an introduction to theoretical victimology
Recriminalizing delinquency : violence juvenile crime and juvenile justice reform
Crime problems and crime policies
Green harms and crimes : critical criminology in a changing world
Exploring green criminology : toward a green criminological revolution
Sexual behaviour and attitudes and their implications for criminal law
Murder houses of London
Rehabilitation, crime and justice
Explaining misbehaviour : an inaugural lecture
Crime and criminology
Criminology in focus : past trends and future prospects
"Rural crime is a fast growing area of interest among scholars in criminology. From studies of agricultural crime in Australia, to violence against women in Appalachia America, to poaching in Uganda, to land theft in Brazil -- the criminology community has come to recognize that crime manifests itself in rural localities in ways that both conform to and challenge conventional theory and research. For the first time, Rural Criminology brings together contemporary research and conceptual considerations to synthesize rural crime studies from a critical perspective." -- Publisher website.
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
Understanding the community management of high risk offenders
Evaluation research in criminal justice : materials and proceedings of a research conference convened in the context of the fifth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and Treatment of Offenders
Crime and justice in America : critical issues for the future
Juvenile delinquency and its origins : an integrated theoretical approach
Collected studies in criminological research. 4, Reports presented to the 4th European Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1966)
Oxford handbooks online. Criminology and criminal justice
Includes 8 handbooks and 337 articles.
C. Wright Mills and the criminological imagination : prospects for creative inquiry
Social control : an introduction
Rehabilitation and deviance
Street-wise criminology
History and crime : implications for criminal justice policy
The new criminologies in Canada : crime, state and control
Social defence : a modern approach to criminal problems
Criminology : the key concepts
The anatomy of murder : famous crimes critically considered by members of the Detection Club: Helen Simpson, Margaret Cole, Dorothy L. Sayers
Crimes of globalization
Evaluation and criminal justice policy
Social science and social pathology
Taboos in criminology
Criminological research in the 80ś and beyond : reports from the Federal Republic of Germany, German Democratic Republic, Austria, Switzerland
International handbook of contemporary developments in criminology. [1], General issues and the Americas
Toppamono : outlaw, radical, suspect : my life in Japan's underworld
The term ’criminological imagination’ enjoys widespread use within criminology. Derived from C. Wright Mills’ classic The Sociological Imagination, it has yet to be fully developed and clarified as an analytic concept capable of guiding theorizing or empirical enquiry. This volume, with a foreword by Elliot Currie, is the first to engage with and reflect on this concept, exploring C. Wright Mills’ work for criminological enquiry. Bringing together original work by an international group of leading scholars in the fields of criminology, criminal justice, and sociology, C. Wright Mills and the Criminological Imagination investigates the emergence and lineage of a criminological concept indebted to Mills’ thought, adapting and applying it to a specifically criminological context. With attention to theoretical concerns as well as the application of the criminological imagination in concrete empirical research, this volume sheds new light on the methodological and analytical aspects of the criminological imagination as a multifaceted concept and explores the possibilities that it offers for the emergence of an imaginative criminological practice. As such, it will appeal to scholars across the social sciences with interests in sociology, criminology, criminal justice studies, legal studies, social and criminological theory, and research methodology.
Handbook of criminal justice evaluation
"Over the last two decades, "green criminology" has emerged as a unique area of study, bringing together criminologists and sociologists from a wide range of research backgrounds and varying theoretical orientations. It spans the micro to the macro--from individual-level environmental crimes and victimization to business/corporate violations and state transgressions. There have been few attempts, however, to explicitly or implicitly integrate cultural criminology into green criminology (or vice versa).This book moves towards articulating a green cultural criminological perspective. Brisman and South examine existing overlapping research and offer a platform to support future excursions by green criminologists into cultural criminology's concern with media images and representations, consumerism and consumption, and resistance. At the same time, they offer an invitation to cultural criminologists to adopt a green view of the consumption landscape and the growth (and depictions) of environmental harms.Green Cultural Criminology is aimed at students, academics, criminologists and sociologists with an interest in green criminology and cultural criminology: two of the most exciting new areas in criminology today"--
Comparative criminology : a text book. 1
Crime victims : an introduction to victimology
Comparative criminology : a text book. 2
Crime, criminology, and contemporary society
Criminal law and the Canadian criminal code
Rethinking criminology
Collected studies in criminological research. 8, Reports presented to the 8th Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1970)
Crime problems and crime policies : 1. Crime problems in Scandinavia : 2. Techniques of individualization processes - why?
Research on victimisation : reports presented to the 16. Criminological Research Conference (1984)
Mapping crime: principle and practice. Keith Harries
The Blackwell companion to criminology
Collected studies in criminological research. 2, Reports presented to the 4th European Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1966)
The SAGE handbook of criminological theory
Studies on criminology
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Born to crime : the causes of criminal behavior
Taking stock : the status of criminological theory
Criminal : the truth about why people do bad things
Criminal responsibility and mental disease
Green Harms and Crimes was produced to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the European Group for the Study of Deviance and Social Control, and to pay tribute to Stan Cohen. The book presents discussions of the application of Cohen's theories alongside empirical contributions in the fields of critical and green criminology. Taken together, the authors address harms and crimes against the environment, as well as against human and nonhuman victims. Injustices produced by powers driving harmful practices, such as capitalism and consumerism, are analyzed from the perspectives of speciesism, environmental (in)justice, species (in)justice and ecological (in)justice - thus encompassing both human and animal rights. Specific topics in this important volume include: waste and corporate crimes, agribusiness and food crimes, illegal wildlife trafficking, species endangerment, political protest and its oppression by legal power institutions.
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
Writing the history of crime
A history of British criminology
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
The new criminology : for a social theory of deviance
Understanding organizational wrongdoing
Critique and explanation : essays in honor of Gwynne Nettler
The secret poisoner : a century of murder
Rethinking imprisonment
Methodological aspects of classification in criminology : reports presented to a meeting organised in the framework of the 10. Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1972)
Means of improving information on crime : reports presented to the 2. Criminological Colloquium (1975)
Gender, crime and criminal justice
Biology and crime
International handbook of contemporary developments in criminology
Victims and victimisation : a reader
Analysing offending : data, models and interpretations
Contrasts in punishment : an explanation of Anglophone excess and Nordic exceptionalism
Less law, more order : the truth about reducing crime
Assessing systematic evidence in crime and justice : methodological concerns and empirical outcomes
The index of crime : some further studies
"Murder by poison alarmed, enthralled, and in many ways encapsulated the Victorian age. Linda Stratmann's dark and splendid social history reveals the nineteenth century as a gruesome battleground where poisoners went head-to-head with authorities who strove to detect poisons, control their availability, and bring the guilty to justice. She corrects many misconceptions about particular poisons and documents how the evolution of issues such as marital rights and the legal protection of children impacted poisonings. Combining archival research with a novelist's eye, Stratmann charts the era's inexorable rise of poison cases both shocking and sad"--
The practice of research in criminology and criminal justice
The subculture of violence : towards an integrated theory in criminology
Crime, criminality and criminal justice
The complete reference methodology of research in criminology law justice and correlation (in 2 volumes). Vol. 1
Collected studies in criminological research. 3, Reports presented to the 5th European Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1967)
Deterrence reconsidered : methodological innovations
