http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8840 space flights
space flights
Rocket Raccoon and Groot. Vol. 1, Tricks of the trade
Vulcan's glory
Twin Spica. vol 2
Star Trek : the next generation. Season three
The space tourist's handbook : where to go, what to see, and how to prepare for the ride of your life
Space conquest : the complete history of manned spaceflight
Great Explorers
On the calibration of COSIMA in-situ experiment onboard ESA Rosetta rendez-vous space mission towards the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko
Horrid Henry's space
The Martian
Look inside space
Ricky, Rocky and Ringo go to the moon
Space science and astronomy : escape from earth. Vol. 9, Sky and telescope library of astronomy
The sheriff of Yrnameer
Rama : the Omnibus
Space tourism : adventures in earth orbit and beyond
The space shuttle : celebrating thirty years of NASA's first space plane
The Metabaron. Book 1, The techno-admiral & the anti-baron
Twin Spica. vol 6
Twin Spica. vol 4
Star Trek : enterprise. Season 1.
Starmus : 50 years of man in space
Galaxy trucker
Quack!
Star Wars: Survivor's quest
The future of space exploration
The first moon landing
Star Trek : enterprise. Season 2.
The return
Star Trek : the next generation. Season four
The book of the moon
World's fair travelogues for the independent spirit presents Theatre of the gods
The Usborne official astronaut's handbook
Space academy : how to fly spacecraft step by step
Star Trek : the next generation. Season one
Explorers on the moon
Artifacts of flight
Hive
Moon : from 4.5 billion years ago to the present
Space  : the ultimate frontier
Space Exploration
The first hippo on the moon
Blue remembered Earth
The first men in the moon
The planet Kerenza is attacked, and Kady and Ezra find themselves on a space fleet fleeing the enemy, while their ship's artificial intelligence system and a deadly plague may be the end of them all -
Twin Spica. vol 9
Journey into space : Operation Luna
Space shuttle : the history the National Space Transportation System : the first 100 missions
NASA : the complete illustrated history
Central Station
I wonder why Columbus crossed the ocean : and other questions about explorers
Marshmallows for Martians
Dan Dare, pilot of the future, has become a British icon. He was created by Frank Hampson in 1950, and first appeared in the Eagle comic where he was an instant hit with the British public. Almost a decade after the original series had ended, Dan Dare was resurrected in the pages of a brand new sci-fi comic for boys - 2000 AD! Collected up for the first time, the first volume of this punk-fuelled space opera features stories and art by leading 2000 AD contributors.
Attack of the ninja kittens!
Max goes to Mars : a science adventure with Max the Dog
The illustrated encyclopedia of space technology : a comprehensive history of space exploration
Blueprint for space : science fiction to science fact
One man will transcend death to seek vengeance. One woman will transform herself to gain power. And no one will emerge unscathed.... Thorvald Spear wakes in a hospital to find he's been brought back from the dead. What's more, he died in a human vs. alien war that ended a century ago. Spear had been trapped on a world surrounded by hostile Prador forces, but Penny Royal, the AI inside the rescue ship sent to provide backup, turned rogue, annihilating friendly forces in a frenzy of destruction and killing Spear. One hundred years later the AI is still on the loose, and Spear vows for revenge at any cost. Isobel Satomi ran a successful crime syndicate, but after competitors attacked she needed power and protection. Negotiating with Penny Royal, she got more than she bargained for: Turning part-AI herself gave Isobel frightening power, but the upgrades hid a horrifying secret, and the dark AI triggered a transformation that has been turning her into something far from human.... Spear hires Isobel to track Penny Royal across worlds to its last known whereabouts. But he cheats her in the process and quickly finds himself in her crosshairs. As Isobel continues to evolve into a monstrous predator, it's clear her rage will eventually win out over reason. Will Spear finish his hunt before he himself becomes the hunted?
Shenzhou
Star Wars: Outbound flight
Twin Spica. vol 3
Star Trek : the next generation. Season two
Appointment on the moon : the inside story of America's space venture
Invasion of the moon 1969 : the story of Apollo 11
God is an astronaut
Star Trek : the next generation. Season six
The rings of time
Zhongguoren de taikong zhi lü / China's space travel / compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
Baby brains
Harper and the scarlet umbrella
Solara Brooks needs a fresh start, someplace where nobody cares about the engine grease beneath her fingernails or the felony tattoos across her knuckles. The outer realm may be lawless, but it's not like the law has ever been on her side. Solara indentures herself in exchange for passage to the outer realm. She just wishes it could have been to anyone besides Doran Spaulding, the rich, pretty-boy quarterback who made her life miserable in school. Then Doran is framed for conspiracy on Earth, and Solara cons him into playing the role of her servant on board the Banshee, a ship manned by an eccentric crew with their own secrets. It's been a long time since Solara has believed in anyone, and Doran is the last person she expected to trust. But when the Banshee's dangerous enemies catch up with them, Solara and Doran must come together to protect the ship that has become their home-and the eccentric crew that feels like family.
Ždite nas, zvezdy = The stars are awaiting us
Big Book Of Stars And Planets
Rocket Raccoon and Groot. Vol. 2, Civil War II
War Factory
Star fighters. 3 : The enemy's lair
Star fighters. 1 : Alien attack
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
The chimpanzee complex. 2 :  the Sons of Ares
Journey into space
The astronauts : the first 25 years of manned space flight
The starfarers quartet omnibus
The long utopia
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
Professor Astro Cat's frontiers of space
Spacebusters : the race to the moon
Twin Spica. vol 1
Twin Spica. vol 8
Spacecraft and the journey into space
Star fighters. [10] : Stealthforce
A fire upon the deep
Twin Spica. vol 5
Rocket girls : the last planet
Space revealed
The story of flight : Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum
Effects of a 5-day bed rest on muscle size, T2-relaxation and neuromuscular function
A closed and common orbit
Thorvald Spear, resurrected from his death over a hundred years earlier, continues to hunt Penny Royal, the rogue AI and dangerous war criminal on the run from Polity forces. Beyond the Graveyard, a lawless and deadly area in deep space, Spear follows the trail of several enemy Prador, the crab-like alien species with a violent history of conflict with humanity.  Sverl, a Prador genetically modified by Penny Royal and slowly becoming human, pursues Cvorn, a Prador harboring deep hatred for the Polity looking to use him and other hybrids to reignite the dormant war with mankind.  Blite, captain of a bounty hunting ship, hands over two prisoners and valuable memplants from Penny Royal to the Brockle, a dangerous forensics entity under strict confinement on a Polity spaceship that quickly takes a keen interest in the corrupted AI and its unclear motives.  Penny Royal meanwhile continues to pull all the strings in the background, keeping the Polity at bay and seizing control of an attack ship. It seeks Factory Station Room 101, a wartime manufacturing space station believed to be destroyed. What does it want with the factory? And will Spear find the rogue AI before it gets there?
The Medusa chronicles
Dan Dare : the 2000 AD years. Volume 1
Star Trek : the next generation. Season five
Space traveller's handbook
How to survive in space
Star Trek : the next generation. Season seven
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
The next continent
Skylab : America's space station
Children of the mind
Star party
The chimpanzee complex. 1 : Paradox
The chimpanzee complex. 3 : Civilisation
Report on planet three and other speculations
Design for space : Soviet and Russian mission patches
After Sputnik : 50 years of the space age
Mars : our future on the red planet
I didn't know that you can jump higher on the moon
Putting the 'fun' back in 'funeral'! I'm sorry - you found that in poor taste? Well, maybe we're using humour to avoid facing our grief over the death of Rocket Raccoon's mentor in con-artistry! Who's insensitive now! Anywho, it's a new era for the Guardians of the Galaxy's most non-humanoid dynamic duo!
Babar visits another planet
Journey through the solar system
Destination moon
Starflight
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Destination Moon : the Apollo missions in the astronauts' own words
The moon
Space shuttle : the history of developing the national space transportation system : the beginning through STS-75
Outer space and legal liability
Star Trek : The new adventures. Volume 2
Introduction to space : the science of spaceflight
How to make a spaceship : a band of renegades, an epic race and the birth of private space flight
Footsteps on the moon : the Apollo story : a supplementary reader for advanced students of English
Space record breakers
Moondust : in search of the men who fell to Earth
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
Alone in a spartan black cockpit, test pilot Mike Melvill rocketed towards space. He had eighty seconds to exceed the speed of sound and begin the climb to a target no civilian pilot had ever reached. He might not make it back alive. If he did, he would make history as the world's first commercial astronaut. The spectacle defied reason, the result of a competition dreamed up by entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, whose vision for a new race to space required small teams to do what only the world's largest governments had done before...From the age of eight, when he watched Apollo 11 land on the Moon, Diamandis's singular goal was to get to space. When he realized NASA was winding down manned space flight, he set out on one of the great entrepreneurial adventure stories of our time. If the government wouldn't send him to space, he would create a private space flight industry himself. In the 1990s, this idea was the stuff of science fiction. Undaunted, Diamandis found inspiration in the golden age of aviation. He discovered that Charles Lindbergh made his transatlantic flight to win a 25,000 dollar prize. The flight made Lindbergh the most famous man on earth and galvanized the airline industry. Why, Diamandis thought, couldn't the same be done for space flight? The story of the bullet-shaped SpaceShipOne, and the other teams in the hunt for a 10 million dollar prize, is an extraordinary tale of making the impossible possible. In the end, as Diamandis dreamed, the result wasn't just a victory for one team; it was the foundation for a new industry.
Space walk
Cakes in space
Against the odds
Spaceflight : the complete story from Sputnik to shuttle and beyond
Return to the moon : exploration, enterprise, and energy in the human settlement of space
Twin Spica. vol 7
SPACE PATCHES : FROM MERCURY TO THE SPACE SHUTTLE
The children of the sky
Reaching for the stars : the illustrated history of manned spaceflight
Design, construction and testing of the prototype of a simple particle instrument for a space flight
Hamlyn encyclopedia of space
Star fighters. 2 : Deadly mission
Baby Brains
