http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8844 agricultural machinery
agricultural machinery
Farm tractors 1950-1975
Maatilaimurien ryhmäkoetus 2/1986 = Group test 2/1986 of farm vacuum cleaners
Ajouralaitteiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of tramlining units
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 12, Diagnostics services
Farm machinery
Professional Farmer 2016 (PS4)
Big Book of Big Tractors
Horticultural machinery
Wear of agricultural machine parts
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 3, Data link layer
Tractor restoration : paintwork
Mass flow from the studded roller feeder
Combines
Professional Farmer 2017 : XboxOne
150 years of international harvester
Hinattavien 2,5 m:n kylvö-lannoituskoneiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of trailed combined drills, working width 2,5 m.
Safety of autonomous agricultural tractor-implement combinations with ISOBUS capabilities
Implement & tractor : reflections on 100 years of farm equipment
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 8, Power train messages
Farm tractors
Kelasilppureiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of flail forage harvesters
Tractors since 1889
Preventive maintenance : a practical step-by-step guide to reducing equipment operating costs and downtime and improving operating safety
The world encyclopedia of tractors & farm machinery
Profi international : tractors and farm machinery
Basic farm machinery
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 7, Implement messages application layer
Small farm machanization for developing countries
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Seedbed to harvest : Farm machinery through the seasons
Ploughing implements and tillage practices in Denmark from the Viking period to about 1800
Farm tractors : from 1890 to the present day
Measuring method of driver's vibration exposure for machine powered garden vehicles
Potato mechanisation and storage
Tuorerehuvarusteisten monitoimiperävaunujen ryhmäkoetus = Group test of self-unloading forage trailers
World’s (the) Greatest Tractors
Tractors
Farm power and machinery management
Classic caterpillar crawlers
Farm machinery and equipment
Tasojyrsinten 2,5 m tehontarve = Power requirement of rotary harrows working width 2,5 m.
Over-compaction of soils on Scottish farms : a survey
A historical review of the development of the milking machine with special reference to technical advances and improvements
The world encyclopedia of tractors
Agricultural engineering in development : selection of mechnization inputs
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Massey-Ferguson 20 -ajopuimuri = Massey-Ferguson 20 self propelled combine
Tractors - the illustrated directory of
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 1, General standard for mobile data communication
Progress in agricultural physics and engineering
The ultimate guide to tractors
Tractor Mac arrives at the farm
Farm equipment supply chains : guidelines for policy-makers and service providers: experiences from Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil
Modern tractors : a photographic collection
Agricultural engineering in development : guidelines for mechanization systems and machinery rehabiliation programmes
Olkisilppureiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of bale shredders
Electronics, microprocessors and computers in agriculture : use in collecting and handling of data and in controlling and adjusting of machines and building equipment
Calculations for agriculture and horticulture
The mechanisation of small farms : report on the training course held in Germany from 23rd March to 7th April 1954.
Experience has shown that a basic prerequisite for successful mechanization of the agricultural sector requires a well-functioning supply chain. To draw lessons for achieving this goal, the FAO Rural Infrastructure and Agro-Industries Division commissioned three mechanization supply chain case studies. The studies were conducted in Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil and the information contained in them has been used as the basis for the analysis presented in this technical report. Historically, public sector efforts to supply mechanization services have often failed as costs greatly exceeded income and the maintenance of aging machinery fleets became too great a burden. However it is evident that the public sector does have a role to play in complementing the activities of the private sector in a synergistic partnership. The main role of the public sector is to have the vision of a national mechanization strategy and to cultivate an enabling environment which allows the private sector to operate effectively. One key possibility described in the report is that of linking equipment supply chains across continents. This is exemplified by an account of the evolution of no-till technology in Brazil which is now being successfully used by farmers in Asia and Africa. A key stakeholder in this supply chain development has been FAO in conjunction with the international donor community, as they have been in a position to take a holistic view to encourage private sector actors and so disseminate profitable mechanization technologies from one continent to another. The main recommendations of the technical report are aimed at policy makers in the public sector, although there is plenty of interest to other stakeholders, especially machinery suppliers and mechanization service providers. However the ultimate beneficiaries are small and medium scale farmers who are the recipients of the services provided.--Publisher's description.
Proceedings of the seventh international conference on mechanization of field experiments (IAMFE '88), Debrecen, Hungary July 11-15, 1988
Ford & Fordson tractors
Agricultural machinery, tires, tracks, and tractions
Dibble sticks, donkeys, and diesels : machines in crop production
Massey-Ferguson tractors
Farm machinery film records : harvest
Threshers
John Deere tractors and equipment. Vol. 1, 1837-1959
Farm implements for small-scale farmers in Tanzania
Kids meet the tractors and trucks
Discovering horse-drawn machinery
Usability in precision agriculture
Farm tractors : a living history
The tropicultor : operator's manual : field operations
Performance characteristics of air-assist nozzles
A century of agricultural statistics : Great Britain 1866-1966
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 3, Plant production engineering
Farm power and machinery management : laboratory manual and workbook
Machinery management : how to select machinery to fit the real needs of farm managers
Choosing and using farm machines
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
Assessment of thermal climate in operator's cabs : seminar in Florence 18-19 November 1999
Tractors : an illustrated history from pioneering steam power to today ́s engineering marvels / Robert Moorhouse
Engineering principles of agricultural machines
Field sprayers for pesticides
Profi international : farm machinery magazine
Designing a wireless counter for bale production
Harnessing and implements for animal traction : an animal traction resource book for Africa
ON THE FARM
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 10, Task controller and management information system data interchange
Tractors : an A-Z of farm machinery
Agricultural mechanization in Sub-Saharan Africa : guidelines for preparing a strategy
Farm Tractors in Colour
John Deere tractors 1918-1987
Tractors : the world's greatest tractors
Farm machinery film records : autumn work & rootcrops
The tractor ploughing manual
My first book of the farm
Työleveydeltään 2,5 m:n tasojyrsinten ryhmäkoetus = Group test of rotary harrows, working width 2,5 m.
Hay and forage harvesting
Three-point and one-point hitches : implement behaviour, especially in the horizontal plane
Soil compaction in crop production
The illustrated history of tractors
Trailed agricultural vehicles - Brakes and braking devices - Laboratory test method
Pneumatic fertilizer spreaders : a review of literature
Professional Farmer 2017 : PS4
Claas Dominator 58 -ajopuimuri = Claas Dominator 58 self propelled combine
Sampo Rosenlew 680 -ajopuimuri = Sampo Rosenlew 680 self propelled combine
Tractor - implement systems
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
The Massey Legacy. 1, Volume One : A product and company review of Massey, Harris, Massey-Harris, Ferguson and Massey Ferguson
Small farm equipment for developing countries : proceedings of the International Conference on Small Farm Equipment for Developing Countries : Past Experiences and Future Priorities, 2-6 September 1985.
Investment in agricultural mechanization in Africa : conclusions and recommendations of a round table meeting of experts ; 3-5 June 2009, Arusha, Tanzania
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
Sammanfattning, Conclusions.
Tractors : 1880s to 1980s
Norcar HTP-480 -kuormatraktori = Norcar HTP-480 -forwarder
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
The big book of Massey tractors : the complete history of Massey-Harris and Massey Ferguson tractors ... plus collectibles, sales memorabilia, and brochures
Farm tractors in colour
My big truck book
Ferguson, implements and accessories
Landmaschinen und Geräte : Mehrsprachen-Bildwörterbuch = Farm implement and machinery : multilingual illustrated dictionary = Machines et outils agricoles : dictionnaire illustré polyglotte
Kylvö-lannoituskoneiden peittauslaitteiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of seed treatment units of combined drills
