http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8850 reference libraries
reference libraries
Medieval manuscripts in British libraries. 5, Indexes and addenda
Basic serials management handbook
Ethics and librarianship
Introduction to bibliography and reference work : a guide to materials and sources
The virtual reference librarian's handbook
Bibliotheca Corviniana : the Library of King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary
Care and conservation of manuscripts 7 : proceedings of the seventh international seminar held at the Royal Library, Copenhagen 18th-19th October 2002
Libraries, manuscripts and book culture in Vadstena Abbey
Printed reference material
Time has laid its attire aside : fashion in manuscripts from the 11th-16th centuries
Dated Greek manuscripts of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries in the libraries of Great Britain
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : fragmenta membranea. 4 : Antiphonaria 1 : text
A history of non-printed science : a select catalogue of The Waller collection
Catalogue of the Arabic manuscripts in the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
The Rothschilds and their collections of illuminated manuscripts
Katalog rękopisów Biblioteki uniwersyteckiej w Warszawie = Catalogue of manuscripts in the Warsaw University Library. 7, Nr. 2053-2295
Catalogue of the illuminated Byzantine manuscripts of the National Library of Greece. Vol. 3, Homilies of the church fathers and menologia 9th - 12th century
Trois ecritures - trois langues : pierres gravées, manuscrits anciens et publications croates à travers les siècles = Three scripts - three languages : Croatian written monuments, manuscripts and publications through centuries
Oriental manuscripts worldwide
Handbook of information management
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : fragmenta membranea. 4, Antiphonaria 2 : Plates
Katalog rękopisów Biblioteki uniwersyteckiej w Warszawie = Catalogue of manuscripts in the Warsaw University Library. 6, Nr. 1838-2052
Scottish libraries
Medieval manuscripts in British libraries. 4, Paisley-York
Introduction to reference work. 1, Basic information sources
A catalogue of Greek manuscripts from the Meerman Collection in the Bodleian Library
The library of the Finnish nobleman, royal secretary and trustee Henrik Matsson (ca. 1540-1617 ) : a reading out of a manuscript from 1601, found in the city archive of Tallinn, Estonia, with an introduction, English translation, commentaries, and the original manuscript photographed
Latin manuscript books before 1600.. Ergänzungsband 2006
The Vatican library : its history and treasures
Library videos and webcasts
Library displays handbook
Das kulturelle Erbe geowissenschaftlicher und montanwissenschatlicher Bibliotheken : Internationales Symposium, 1993, Freiberg (Sachsen), Deutschland = Cultural heritage collected in libraries of geoscience, mining and metallurgy : International Symposium 1993, Freiberg (Saxony), Germany
The reference function of the library : papers presented before the Library Institute at the University of Chicago, June 29 to July 10, 1942
Printed in the memory : literary treasures in the National Library of Finland
A descriptive catalogue of the medieval manuscripts in Worcester Cathedral Library
Bibliotheca Corviniana 1490-1990 : international Corvina exhibition on the 500th anniversary of the death of King Matthias, National Széchényi library, 6 April - 6 October 1990
ITA : internationale Titelabkürzungen von Zeitschriften, Zeitungen, wichtigen Handbüchern, Wörterbüchern, Gesetzen usw. = ITA : international title abbreviations of periodicals, newspapers, important handbooks, dictionaires, laws etc
Handbook of special librarianship and information work
The Jean Sibelius musical manuscripts at Helsinki University Library : a complete catalogue = Die Musikhandschriften von Jean Sibelius in der Universitätsbibliothek Helsinki : ein vollständiges Verzeichnis
Illuminated manuscripts : the book before Gutenberg
Real gold : treasures of Auckland City Libraries
Dover Priory
Katalog rękopisów Biblioteki uniwersyteckiej w Warszawie = Catalogue of manuscripts in the Warsaw University Library. 8, Nr. 2296-2513
Burmese manuscripts. Pt. 3, Catalogue numbers 432-735
Medical librarian 2.0 : use of Web 2.0 technologies in reference services
Peterborough Abbey
Illustrated palmleaf manuscripts of Orissa : a selection from the Orissa State Museum
The librarians' glossary of terms used in librarianship, documentation and the book crafts and reference book
Museum librarianship : a guide to the provision and management of information services
The Helsinki University Library : term paper 1962, University of California School of Librarianship
The whole digital library handbook
Contemporary developments in librarianship : an international handbook
The city of dreaming books :  novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
A reader in preservation and conservation
Bach-Quellen in Amerika = Bach sources in America
The libraries of King Henry VIII
The index of Middle English prose. Handlist 21, Manuscripts in the Hatton and e Musaeo Collections, Bodleian Library, Oxford
Henry of Kirkestede, catalogus de libris autenticis et apocrifis
The reference collection : from the shelf to the Web
Developing reference collections and services in an electronic age : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Indic manuscripts and Chinese blockprints : (non-Chinese texts) of the Oriental collection of the Australian National University Library
Digital reference service in the new millennium : planning, management, and evaluation
Introduction to reference work. Volume 1, basic information services
Lambeth Palace Library : treasures from the collection of the Archbishops of Canterbury
Introduction to reference work. Vol. 2, Reference services and reference processes
Care and conservation of manuscripts 13 : proceedings of the thirteenth international seminar held at the University of Copenhagen, 13th - 15th April 2011 ; [13th International Seminar on the Care and Conservation of Manuscripts]
Katalog rękopisów Biblioteki uniwersyteckiej w Warszawie = Catalogue of manuscripts in the Warsaw University Library. 4, Nr. 1341-1646
Introduction to reference work. Vol. 2, Reference services
European cultural heritage in the digital age : creation, access and preservation : papers presented on 13 November 2003 at the CERL conference hosted by the National Library of Russia, St Petersburg
The Alexandria link
The labyrinth of dreaming books : a novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
The medieval book : glosses from friends & colleagues of Christopher De Hamel
Index seu inventarium Bibliothecae Vaticanae divi Leonis pontificis optimi : anno 1518 c., Series Graeca
Books and libraries in early England
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Worshipping together
Europe's national libraries : 15 years of joint programmes
Care and conservation of manuscripts 12 : proceedings of the twelfth international seminar held at the University of Copenhagen, 14th - 16th October 2009 ; [12th International Seminar on the Care and Conservation of Manuscripts]
Managing the reference collection
Basic reference and information work
Katalog rekopisów Biblioteki uniwersyteckiej w Warszawie = Catalogue of manuscripts in the Warsaw University Library. 5, Nr. 1647-1837
Treasures of the Hungarian National Library
