http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8855 history of marginal groups
history of marginal groups
Strangers and poor people : changing patterns of inclusion and exclusion in Europe and the Mediterranean World from classical antiquity to the present day
Cultures of darkness : night travels in the histories of transgression
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Mapping the margins : the family and social discipline in Canada, 1700-1975
Raw creation : outsider art and beyond
Boxcar politics : the Hobo in U.S. culture and literature, 1869-1956
Encountering the North : cultural geography, international relations and northern landscapes
The making of a good white : a historical ethnography of the rehabilitation of poor whites in a suburb of Cape Town
Women on the margins : three seventeenth-century lives
Lilies of the field : marginal people who live for the moment
The executioner in late medieval French culture
Thought reform and China's dangerous classes : reeducation, resistance, and the people
"Thought reform is arguably China's most controversial social policy. If reeducation's critics and defenders agree on little else, they share the conviction that ideological remolding is inseparable from its Mao-era roots. This is the first major English-language study to explore one of the most important aspects of those origins, the essential relationship between thought reform and the “dangerous classes”—the prostitutes, beggars, petty criminals, and other “lumpenproletarians” that Communists saw as a threat to society and the revolution. Through formerly unavailable classified documents, as well as diaries, oral histories, and memoirs, Aminda Smith takes readers inside the early-PRC reformatories where the new state endeavored to transform socially marginalized “vagrants” into socially integrated members of the laboring masses. As sites where “the people” were literally created, these centers became testing grounds for rapidly changing discourses about the praxis of thought reform as well as the subjects it aimed to produce. Her book explores reformatories as institutions dedicated to molding new socialist citizens and as symbolic spaces through which internees, cadres, and the ordinary masses made sense of what it meant to be a member of the people in the People's Republic of China. She offers convincing new answers to much-debated questions about the nature of the crucial decade of the 1950s, especially with respect to the development and future of PRC political culture." --Publisher's description.
History of the different
Outside in : on the margins of the modern Middle East
In science's shadow : literary constructions of late Victorian women
The welfare state and the "deviant poor" in Europe, 1870-1933
Others and outcasts in early modern Europe : picturing the social margins
Goth : vamps and dandies
Cultures of international exhibitions, 1840-1940 : great exhibitions in the margins
Our racist heart? : an exploration of unconscious prejudice in everyday life
The forgotten ones : small narratives and modern landscapes
The trials of masculinity : policing sexual boundaries 1870-1930
Bohemians : the glamorous outcasts
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
Accidental genius : how John Cassavetes invented American independent film
The margins of the text
Epitomes of evil : representation of executioners in northern France and the Low Countries in the late Middle Ages
"The hobo is a figure ensconced in the cultural fabric of the United States. Once categorized as a member of a homeless army who ought to be jailed or killed, the hobo has evolved into a safe, grandfatherly exemplar of Americana. Boxcar Politics reestablishes the hobo's political thorns. John Lennon maps the rise and demise of the political hobo from the nineteenth-century introduction of the transcontinental railroad to the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956. Intertwining literary, historical, and theoretical representations of the hobo, he explores how riders and writers imagined alternative ways that working-class people could use mobility to create powerful dissenting voices outside of fixed hierarchal political organizations. Placing portrayals of hobos in the works of Jack London, Jim Tully, John Dos Passos, and Jack Kerouac alongside the lived reality of people hopping trains (including hobos of the IWW, the Scottsboro Boys, and those found in numerous long-forgotten memoirs), Lennon investigates how these marginalized individuals exerted collective political voices through subcultural practices" --
"Constructing a rich tapestry of example and experience spanning eight centuries, Palmer's fascinating account details lives of exclusion and challenge, as the "night travels" of the transgressors clash repeatedly with the powerful conventions of their times. Nights of liberation and exhilarating desire are at the heart of this study but so, too, are the dangers cloaked in darkness. Palmer reveals those hidden spaces where darkness concealed acts of brutalizing terror or alternately provided refuge, solace, or freedom. Using the night as metaphor and unifying theme Palmer takes an unflinching look at those dissident or oppositional cultures and movements and shows how they were fueled and shaped by the rise and transformation of capitalism."--BOOK JACKET.
American independent cinema : an introduction
The Paris zone : a cultural history, 1840-1944
