http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8856 Finnish language
Finnish language
Intrinsic timing and quantity in Finnish
Finnish :  The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
From the Municipalities to the State – A New Stage in the development of the Profession? : A study of sign language interpreters views of the new service system
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Recovery through repetition:returning to prior talk and taking a stance in American-English and Finnish conversations
Adaptation of loanwords of the suffix type *-eTA in Finnish and Saami
The making of rallienglanti : cross-linguistic influence in Finnish speakers' pronunciation of English
Mobile technology term project : a practical application of the theory of terminology
Translating picture books : semantic translation strategies and illustrations in three books by Mauri Kunnas
Observations on the quality of two Finnish translations of P. G. Wodehouse's A damsel in distress
Vocabulary learning strategies employed by Finnish high school EFL students
Finnish - from start to Finnish
On the semantics of quantification and case marking in Finnish = O semantike kvantifikacii i markirovki padežej v finskom âzyke
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
Causation and dominance : a study of Finnish causative verbs expressing social dominance
How to pronounce Finnish : an approximate comparison to standard English : a guide for choral directors and singers
Style and readability in football texts
Codeswitching in business documents : Finnish working instructions and minutes of meetings at Wärtsilä's experimental power plant
Adults learning Finnish as a foreign language : role of support, emotions and reasons connected with learning
Colloquial Finnish. the complete course for beginners
Learn Finnish : survival phrases
A practical guide to reading Finnish
Finnish for foreigners. 1, [textbook]
Finnish course (from Arabic) : basic
Echium vulgare L., chiefly a weed in the Nordic countries, was previously rather rare in the south part of mainland Finland and very rare in the Åland Islands. It has suddenly became much more common during the last twenty years. E. vulgare has been found in all municipalities of the Åland Islands, except Brändö. The reason for the rapid expansion of the species is partly road construction with possible introduction with grass seed mixtures sown on the newly constructed road slopes and verges, and partly deliberate sowing of E. vulgare along roads in the municipality of Lemland and perhaps elsewhere. A few cases of the species sudden appearance are described.
Complete Finnish
Exploring Finnish university students' perceived level of critical thinking
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
Finnish for your trip : the beginner's essential travel phrases
Finnish for foreigners. 1
"I've been raised to value the human equality" : Finnish as second language teachers' intercultural communication competence at the integration training of Vantaa Adult Education Institute
Focal points in frequency profiles : how some word forms in a paradigm are more significant than others in Finnish
Friend or foe? : attitudes to and beliefs about English in Finland expressed by Finnish as a second language learners
Translating wordplay : a case study on the translation of wordplay in Terry Prachett's Soul Music
Mastering Finnish
Finnish for foreigners 1 : textbook
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
Pentti Aalto in His Aspect as Indologist
"Ja mikäs pakana toi innovaatio o" : the role of English in the Finnish countryside, as seen by three generations
How to revitalize an indigenous language? : adults' experiences of the revitalization of the Sámi language
A comparative analysis on Finnish and Korean high school English textbooks in the perspective of communicative language teaching
Doesn't tha' understand a bit o' Yorkshire when tha' hears it? : representation of Yorkshire dialect in the secret garden and its Finnish translation
Teach yourself Finnish
On explaining the sentence initial pitch height in Finnish
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Stability and instability in language : contemporary changes in "Finland's Russian"
The role of the English language in the integration of refugees into Finnish society
Finnish course : basic
Upper-secondary school students' use of, motivations for and perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching in northern and southern Finland
Finnish for foreigners. 2, Exercises
First generation Finnish speakers in Australia - language maintenance and attitudes
Hyvin menee! : suomea aikuisille = Finnish for adults
Finnish :  The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Summary: Eeva Törmänen eller Eva Dørmænen? The encounter between the Finnish and the Norwegian anthroponymic system in Norway.
On the international Baccalaureate and its language programme with emphasis on Finnish B.
A linguistic limbo : migrants' perspectives and attitudes to the roles of English and Finnish in Finnish academic working life
Lessons on Finnish grammar in English
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
The roles of linguistic confidence and integrative motivation on cross-cultural adaptation of Asian degree students Finland
"Hold on! Apua tulossa." : English practices among Finnish Twitter users
English-Finnish dictionary = Englantilais-suomalainen sanakirja
Finnish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part A
Hyvin Menee! : Suomea aikuisille ; Finnish-english and english-finnish vocabularies. 1
Finnish for foreigners. 2
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
Patterns of English-Finnish codeswitching in Finland and in the United States
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Colloquial Finnish : the complete course for beginners
Finnish : the complete course 1. Beginners/part B
The "bizarre" valency behaviour of Finnish verb : how a specific context gives rise to valency alternation patterns [1]
English and Finnish compared - attitudes held by future experts and teachers of English
Lost in translation?
Translating music and sound : foreignization and domestication in the translated articles in Soundi magazine
English-Finnish : 1000 Finnish words
New Etymologies for Some Finnish Words
Finnish for foreigners. 1, Textbook
Of pearls and pigs : a conceptual-semantic Tiernet approach to formal representation of structure and variation of phraseological units
Englantilais-suomalainen sanakirja = English-Finnish dictionary
Spoken Finnish. Book one
Finnish : the complete course. I, beginners/part B.
"With all the spices, please!" : a study of the students in the Finnish study programmes using Finnish as their second language
Connotations in Kenneth Grahame's The wind in the willows and its Finnish translation
Finnish : an essential grammar
Finnish sound structure : phonetics, phonology, phonotactics and prosody
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Learn Finnish. Level 2, absolute beginner. Volume 1
Production of word structures : a constraint-based study of 2;6 year old Finnish children at-risk for dyslexia and their controls
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
Finnish for foreigners 1. 1
Marvel Cinematic Universe in translation : a study of intertextual coherence and interfilmic discourse
Finnish reader and glossary
The structure and development of the Finnish language
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
Finnish : the complete course 1. Beginners/part A
Finnish course (from Thai) : basic
Englantilais-suomalainen sanakirja = English and Finnish dictionary
Finnish for foreigners. 1, Exercises
Narratives about immigrant children learning to read in the Finnish language
Cultural discourses in CEF : how do they relate to EFL?
The Finnish school system : a taboo issue in Sámi language revitalization
Finnish for foreigners. 1, Oral drills
Finnish for foreigners 1
A Rickety Trolley, Virginian Wolfsnake and Yeeka: Lexical explications, wordplay and nonsense utterances in A Series of Unfortunate Events and their translation into Finnish PDF
The Finnish Migrant Community in Post-war Melbourne. "The only thing that spoke Enlish was the radio"
International students' language use and attitudes towards English and Finnish
From start to Finnish
Sun Suomi : Finnish for beginners
The Finnish language
Finnish course : basic course I+II
Quality assessment, usability and meaning-based translation of labels of foodstuffs imported into Finland
The effect of interrogative function on intonation in spontaneous and read Finnish
Language alternation and expert identity construction in fashion blog Dirty pretty things
English pronunciation teaching in Finland
Word-formation : an international handbook of the languages of Europe. Volume 5
The partitive in Finnish
Recovery through repetition : returning to prior talk and taking a stance in American-English and Finnish conversations
On the phonetics and phonology of the Finnish /h
Lessons on Finnish words in Finnish
Natural languages processing resources for Finnish : corpus development in the general and clinical domains
The art of accidental reading and incidental listening : an empirical study on the viewing of subtitled films
Echium vulgare (Boraginaceae) in the Åland Islands
Finnish for foreigners. 2, [textbook]
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Colloquial Finnish in subtitles : a survey on the British situation comedy Peep Show
The realisation of prominence in three varieties of standard spoken Finnish
Aspects of a systemic-functional grammar of Finnish
1000 Finnish words : English - Finnish : listen and learn easily and naturally
Univariate, bivariate, and multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy
Suomen kielen käänteissanakirja = Reverse dictionary of modern standard Finnish
Becoming a new Finn through language : non-native English-speaking immigrants' views on integrating into Finnish society
Finnish Vocabulary for English Speakers : 3000 Words
A grammar book of Finnish
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Lessons on Finnish grammar in Finnish
Two Hundred Years of Finnish Romani Linguistics
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
Finnish in 60 minutes : Start speaking Finnish in just one hour
Wordplay in Donald Duck comics and their Finnish translations
Existence and identity : a study of the semantics and syntax of existential sentences in Finnish
Finnish for foreigners
Language Transfer in the Written English of Finnish Students
