http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8857 Proto-Finnic language
Proto-Finnic language
Suggested causes for the collapse of zander, Stizostedion Lucioperca (L.), populations in northern and central Finland through comparisons with North American walleye, Stizostedion vitreum (Mitchill)
KOTA : the database on university sector statistics 1996
Suomen geologinen kartta 1:100000 : kallioperäkartta = Geological map of Finland 1:100000.. Lehti = Sheet 2131, Hämeenlinna
Management plan for the wolf population in Finland
Knowledge society in progress : evaluation of the Finnish electronic library  - Finelib
Early metallurgy in language : the history of metal names in Finnic
On the ancestors of Lapps (Saamis) and Finnic peoples
Hunting and tetraonid populations in Finland
East and South-East Asia collections in Finnish libraries : an overview of holdings and services in 1997
Preserving the nation's recorded musical heritage
Where do words come from?
The Finnic  ́secondary e-stems ̀ and Proto-Uralic vocalism
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
The database of Finnish Toponyms
Geostatistical, geological and geophysical modelling of subsurface structures of Precambrian bedrock in Finland
Finnish game and hunting
Changes in species composition of the moth and butterfly fauna on Houtskär in the archipelago of SW Finland during the years of 1954-1989 (Lepidoptera: Hesperiidae-Noctuidae)
Morphological characteristics and populations of the vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), in the coastal waters of Finland
Describing lake fish communities : do presence-absence and biomass data show similar spatial and environmental relationships?
The state of Finnish coastal waters in the 1990s
Population growth and breeding biology of the whooper swan, Cygnus c. cygnus, in Finland 1950-1970
The SKVR database of ancient poems of the Finnish people in Kalevala meter and the semantic Kalevala
Distribution and population structure of the bear (Ursus arctos L.) in Finland
Pet show database and application for rabbits : Suomen kaniyhdistys
Oikeusinformatiikka = Rättsinformatik = Legal informatics
On Finnic long vowels, Samoyed vowel sequences, and Proto-Uralic *x
Summary: The mires and the usefulness of peat in Tammela, southern Finland. Part 1.
The role of compensatory processes in determining the yield from whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus L. s.l.) stocking in inland waters in Northern Finland
Early English in the computer age : explorations through the Helsinki corpus
Intellectual property law in Finland
Kalatalous tilastoina : 2008 = Finnish fisheries statistics
Quantitative structure and primary succession of bird communities in a Finnish archipelago
The prehistoric Germanic loanword strata in Finnic
The diversification of Proto-Finnic
The history and spread of the Moorhen, Gallinula chloropus, in Finland
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance, technologies and challenges of new buildings in Russia and Scandinavia
Fingrid : corporate magazine by Finnish Power Grid Plc (Fingrid)
The Finnish inland fisheries system : the outcomes of private ownership of fishing rights and of changes in administrative practices
Fluctuations and long-term trends in the relative densities of tetraonid populations in Finland
Kota : the database on higher education statistics
The end of the common school? : change in the ethos and politics of education in Finland towards the end of the 1900s
Population trends in the mountain hare in northern Finland as related to the 1979-81 roadside census
Changes in the diet of the Golden Eagle Aquila chrysaetos and small game populations in Finland in 1957-96
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
Ecological factors affecting the success of piscivorous salmonid (Salmo) stocking
Atlas of the distribution of vascular plants in Finland - a digital view of the national floristic database
The lexical database of the Bank of Finnish
Productivity of the semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer t. tarandus L.) stock and carrying capacity of pastures in Finland during 1960-1990's
The political ethos of a model citizen : ensuring the correct political attitude of elementary school teachers during the first decades of Finland's independence
Effects of the severe winter of 1965/66 upon winter bird fauna in Finland
Data on the Finnish bear, mainly from the period 1960 - 1971, were collected from various sources. Of the bears killed during the period 1960 - 1971, the sex of 536 was determined and the age of 666. The present range of the bear in Finland covers a narrow zone on the eastern frontier in North Karelia and Kainuu, and eastern and central parts of Lapland...
Adverse impact of forestry on fish and fisheries in stream environments of the Isojoki basin, western Finland
Behavioural ecology of the Saimaa ringed seal : implications for conservation
Computerization of criminal justice information systems : realities, prospects, methods and effects : report of the European Seminar held in Popowo, Poland, 18-22 May 1987.
Summary.
Proto-Finnic final consonants : their history in the Finnic languages with particular reference to the Finnish dialects. 1:1, Introduction : the history of -k in Finnish
On the ancestors of Lapps and Finnic peoples
The British conception of the Finnish "race" nation and culture, 1760-1918
Northern European prehistory, from above
Mechanical treatment of syntactic material in Finnish dialects
The Database of Finnish Toponyms
Management of bear, wolf, wolverine and lynx in Finland : report of the Working Group for Large Terrestrial Carnivores
Copyright questions in the digital environment
Structure of the Motacilla flava L. population in the borderzone between South and North Finland
The non-initial-syllable vowel reductions from Proto-Uralic to Proto-Finnic
The Mannerheim line 1920-39 : Finnish fortifications of the winter war
Sedimentary environment of the second Salpausselkä ice marginal deposits in the Karkkila-Loppi area in southwestern Finland
