http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8866 mosques
mosques
Mosques in Sweden : on identity and spatial belonging
The seventy architectural wonders of our world : amazing structures and how they were built
The history of women's mosques in Chinese Islam : a mosque of their own
The arts of intimacy : Christians, Jews, and Muslims in the making of Castilian culture
Splendours of an Islamic world : Mamluk art in Cairo 1250-1517
Architecture and art : cultural heritage sites : teachers guide
The Dome of the rock
Sacred buildings : a design manual
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II
The art of Central Asia
The grand tour : architecture as environment
Ornament and decoration in Islamic architecture
Cennetin kapıları : Divriği Ulucamisi ve Şifahanesi'nde Hürremşah' ın yontu sanatı = Gates of paradise : the sculpture of Hürremşah at Divriği Ulucami and Şifahane
Constantinople to Cordoba : dismantling ancient architecture in the East, North Africa and Islamic Spain
Göklere yazı yazma sanatı mahya = The art of writing on the sky mahya
Sinan : Ottoman architecture and its values today
DATUTOP 24 : Journal of architectural theory since 1982
Temples, churches and mosques : a guide to the appreciation of religious architecture
Obraz mečeti = Image of mosque
The glory of the sultans  : Islamic architecture in India
This book explains how the worship requirements of the mosque and the Chinese architectural system converged. What happens when a monotheistic, aniconic, foreign religion needs a space in which to worship in China, a civilisation with a building tradition that has been largely unchanged for several millennia? The story of this extraordinary convergence begins in the 7th century and continues under the Chinese rule of Song and Ming, and the non Chinese rule of the Mongols and Manchus, each with a different political and religious agenda. This book explains that mosques, and ultimately Islam, have survived in China because the Chinese architectural system, though unchanging, is adaptable: it can accommodate the religious requirements of Buddhism, Daoism, Confucianism and Islam. It includes case studies of China's most important surviving mosques (including 30 premodern mosques, the tourist mosques in Xi'an and Beijing, and the Uygur mosques in Kashgar). It aims to build an understanding of the mosque at the most fundamental level, asking what is really necessary for Muslim worship space. It presents Chinese architecture as uniquely uniform in appearance and uniquely adaptable to something as foreign as Islam.
Muslim places of worship in Cyprus
The Mosque
Architecture of the Islamic world : its history and social meaning : with a complete survey of key monuments and 758 illustrations, 112 in colour
The mosques of Egypt : from 21 H. (641) to 1365 H. (1946) : being a series of views in colour and monochrome of the principal mosques of Egyprt with a brief note on each monument describing its history and architectural features accompanied by detailed plans and maps
Making Muslim space in North America and Europe
See Inside Famous Buildings
Islam and sufism in Daghestan
Islam. Vol. 1 : Early architecture from Baghdad to Cordoba
Muslim shrines in India : their character, history and significance
Sinan : architect of Süleyman the Magnificent and the Ottoman golden age
Tourism and heritage management
Sultans and mosques : the early Muslim architecture of Bangladesh
Women in the mosque : a history of legal thought and social practice
The mosque : history, architectural development & regional diversity
1000 sacred places : the world's most extraordinary spiritual sites
Islam in China
Women, religion, and space in China : Islamic mosques & Daoist temples, Catholic convents & Chinese virgins
See inside famous buildings
Hagia Sophia, architecture, structure and liturgy of Justinian's great church
Muslim Tatar minorities in the Baltic Sea Region
"What enables women to hold firm in their beliefs in the face of long years of hostile persecution by the Communist party/state? How do women withstand daily discrimination and prolonged hardship under a Communist regime which held rejection of religious beliefs and practices as a patriotic duty? Through the use of archival and ethnographic sources and of rich life testimonies, this book provides a rare glimpse into how women came to find solace and happiness in the flourishing, female-dominated traditions of local Islamic women's mosques, Daoist nunneries and Catholic convents in China. These women passionately – often against unimaginable odds – defended sites of prayer, education and congregation as their spiritual home and their promise of heaven, but also as their rightful claim to equal entitlements with men." --Provided by publisher.
Treasures of Islam : artistic glories of the muslim world
The book of the alchemists
Pilgrim shrines of India : mythology, archaeology, history and art (Hindu, Jain, Buddhist, Sikh, Jewish, Christian & Sufi)
Islamic architecture and its decoration A.D. 800-1500 : a photographic survey
The grand tour : splendor of the gods
China's early mosques
The silk road
Of mosaics and mosques : a look at the campaign to preserve cultural heritage / David Wigg ; foreword: Aga Khan
Hagia Sophia from the age of Justinian to the present
World architecture : the masterworks
Piety and politics in the early Indian mosque
The making of the East London Mosque, 1910-1951 : minutes of the London Mosque Fund and East London Mosque Trust Ltd
History of world architecture. Islamic architecture
Archaeology of the world
Making sense of Islamic art & architecture
India : five thousand years of Indian art
The house of the mosque
Comfort zone : a novel of present day discontents
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
"A survey of the various ways in which the extensive remains of ancient architecture were reused or destroyed in the crescent from Greece and Turkey through Syria, Palestine, North Africa to Islamic Spain. The book complements and echoes some of the themes in the author's "Marble Past, Monumental Present" (2009). Offering a large number of varied examples, it examines how the ancient landscape was transformed - towns, roads and ports, fountains and waterways, tombs, palaces, villas and inscriptions. It then addresses reuse in churches, mosques and other structures, dealing also with collectors and museum-builders. Also considered are the dismantling and transport of the often massive blocks, and the superstitions surrounding antiquities which contributed to their continuing renown or to their destruction."--Publisher's website.
Istanbul: city of domes
The architecture of the mosque of Sultan Hasan
The historical mosques of Saudi Arabia
Islamic architecture : form, function and meaning
The mosque and the modern world
Hagia Sophia
Architecture of the Islamic world : its history and social meaning : with a complete survey of key monuments
Hidden Islam : Islamic makeshift places of worship in North East Italy, 2009-2013
Arabic art : after monuments in Cairo
