http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8879 horticulture
horticulture
2nd International peach symposium, Clemson university, Clemson, S.C. USA 19-23 June 1988
International fruit world
Forum on strategies for horticultural societies in the 1990's
Proceedings of the XXVII International Horticultural Congress on Global Horticulture: Diversity and Harmony : introduction : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
International symposium on diagnosis of nutritional status of deciduous fruit orchards, Warsaw, Poland, 25-28 August 1989
Horticultural economics and marketing : 23rd International horticultural congress, Florence, Italy, August 27 - September 1, 1990
Deciduous orchards
Vegetable research and development in South Asia : proceedings of a Workshop held at Islamabad, Pakistan, 24-29 September 1990
Third International symposium on computer modelling in fruit research and orchard management, Palmerston North, New Zealand, 11-14 February 1992
Second International Symposium on Pistachios and Almonds : Davis, California, USA August 24 - 29, 1997
Some problems of method
Spanish gardens : their history, types and features
International symposium on the culture of subtropical and tropical fruits and crops, Nelspruit, South Africa, 6-10, November 1989 : Vol. 1-2
International symposium on medicinal and aromatic plants : 4-6 September 1990, Budapest, Hungary
Nursery management : administration and culture
Vegetable crops for market and processing
Handbook on breeding ornamental plants
Frost and the fruitgrower
Horticultural implements and machines from Holland for the cultivation of vegetables, fruit, flowers, bulbs, trees and shrubs, seeds, herbs and mushrooms : catalogue with a list of exporters
Horticultural reviews
Sixth International symposium on flower bulbs : Skierniewice , Poland, 12-15 May 1992 : vol. 1-2
Volume one of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places describes how the array of plentiful, high quality fresh fruit, vegetables, and ornamentals supplied to retail consumers is achieved. This feat demands the intensive manipulation of plant growth, reproduction and postharvest husbandry across the globe. International Production Horticulture operates in a free market arena, delivering produce rapidly, safely and reliably for increasingly demanding and discerning consumers. Internationally acknowledge experts describe the science, management and technology which underpins the continuous production and distribution of horticultural produce. The first chapter describes how basic scientific discoveries are continuously applied forming new industries, novel products and influences social practices and behaviour.There follows chapters describing the production of:- Field Vegetables, Temperate Fruit, Tropical Fruit, Citrus, Plantation Crops, Berry Crops, Viticulture, Protected Crops, Flower Crops, Developing New Crops, Post-harvest Handling, Supply Chain Management, and the Environmental Impact of Production. Crop Production Horticulture supports the economic welfare of countries across the World. Its particular impact in Africa is highlighted in the final chapter of this book. Intensive plant production offers enormous economic and social benefits for coming generations particularly as urbanization accelerates. Production Horticulture is an international business centred on partnerships between science, technology, commerce and management. The discipline is based in the physical, chemical, and the biological sciences and integrates natural resources in partnership with others such as economics and engineering.Environmentally careful and sustainable husbandries now form the cornerstones of Production Horticulture. Considerable intellectual and scientific rigour and a strong command of practical business realities are demanded of those who work in this discipline. The contents of this valuable book provide a basis for acquiring these talents.
Symposium on integrated fruit production, Wädenswil, Switzerland, 11-15 September 1989
The modern greenhouse : a practical guide to the management of the warm and cool greenhouse
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
3rd International symposium on processing tomatoes, Avignon, France, 29 November - 2 December 1989
Themes, scenes, and taste in the history of Japanese Garden art
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Luther Burbank : his methods and discoveries and their practical application : prepared from his original field notes covering more than 100,000 experiments made during forty years devoted to plant improvement with the assistance of the Luther Burbank society and its entire membership,. 4
Livelihoods grow in gardens : diversifying rural incomes through home gardens
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 2, Environmental horticulture
Seed research in horticulture, Geisenheim, Germany, May 6-10, 1985
Proceedings of the Seventh International Mango Symposium : Recife City, Brazil, 22-27 September 2002
Proceedings of the Vth international symposium on horticultural research, training and extension : June 28-July 2, 2009, Chaing Mai, Thailand
International Symposium on Apricot Culture : Veria-Makedonia, Greece, 25-30 May, 1997. Vol. 2
Journal of production agriculture
America's crop heritage : the history of foreign plant introduction by the Federal Government
Glossary of vital terms for the home gardener
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops. 6, [Addenda, references, indices]
Dutch lights for growers and gardeners
International code of nomenclature for cultivated plants : (I.C.N.C.P. or Cultivated Plant Code) : incorporating the rules and recommendations for naming plants in cultivation
Journal of horticultural science
Classified list and international register of hyacinths and other bulbous and tuberous-rooted plants
Symposium on biological aspects of energy saving in protected cultivation, Pisa, Italy, September 8-11, 1987
Commercial apple growing
Journal of the American Society for Horticultural Science
2nd International workshop on apricot culture and decline research and crop improvement : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 14, 1986
Fruit science : orchard and small fruit management
Dust : a collection of 50 columns by a Dutch observer of the floriculture industry
Classic papers in horticultural science
The retail florist
4th International symposium on research and development on orchard and plantation systems, Dronten, The Netherlands, 29 August - 2 September
AIPH 1948-1988 : Association internationale des producteurs de l'horticulture = Internationaler Verband des Erwerbsgartenbaues = International Association of Horticultural Producers
Organic gardening
Economics of a fruit farm : a guide to the costs of establishment and operation of commercial apple orchards
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Second International Symposium on Chestnut : Bordeaux, France, 19-23 October, 1998
A bibliography of Rhubarb and Rheum species
Economic results from horticulture 1986 harvest year
Egyptian journal of horticulture
Introduction to the world of orchids
How to make cut flowers last
The fruit farm : its establishment and costs
Horticulture: art and science for life : the colloquia presentations : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Vegetable and flower seed production
The principles of nursery management
Flower production for market : (some major crops)
The gardener's dictionary of horticultural terms
The apples of New York. Vol. 1
Third International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates : Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 5-8, 1992
Proceedings of the XVIth International Symposium on Horticultural Economics and Management : Chiang Mai, Thailand, June 28-July 2, 2009
International Cherry Symposium : Budapest, Hungary 14-18 June 1993
The fruits and fruit trees of America : or, The culture, propagation, and management in the garden and orchard, of fruit trees generally; with descriptions of all the finest varieties of fruit, native and foreign, cultivated in this country
Tomato growing
HortScience
A gardener's dictionary of plant names
Volume two of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places provides detailed considerations of the scientific, managerial and technological concepts which underpin Environmental Horticulture. This discipline returns horticulture to its original values required for the design, husbandry and management of macro- and micro-landscapes and their constituent parts. Expert internationally acclaimed authors describe:- Horticulture and the Environment, Woody Ornamentals, Herbs and Pharmaceuticals, Urban Greening, Rural Trees, Urban Trees, Turfgrass Science, Interior and External Landscaping, Biodiversity, Climate Change and Organic Production. These subjects are united by considerations of the needs for the sustainable use of resources and careful conservation applied wherever Horticulture, natural flora and fauna, and the environment coincide. Horticulture plays a vital role in providing environmental care and supporting natural and man-made rural, urban and peri-urban landscapes.Indeed this discipline founded the basis for ecological studies, environmental science and the analysis and an increased understanding of eco-system services. This is illustrated by the current initiatives such as the development of green eco-towns and garden cities which require fundamental understandings of the controlled manipulation of plants based on the principles and practices of horticultural science for their success. Such concepts are rooted in Horticulture as illustrated by the use of plants throughout the histories of successive civilisations. These values have been vigorously applied for rejuvenating cities and communities which have been afflicted by declining economies, degraded environments, poor employment opportunities, and returning poverty. The presence of healthy plant communities provides significant economic gains in the form of environmental benefits, increased tourism, business and employment opportunities.Considerable cost-benefits are added, such as climatic amelioration, carbon sequestration, providing carbon credits and stormwater attenuation. Particular attention is given in this book to the threats posed by climate change and India is cited as a pertinent case study. Horticulture has much to offer by way of mitigation of the environmental devastation. Each of these topics is given detailed consideration by expert authors of this book.
International Symposium on Apricot Culture : Veria-Makedonia, Greece, 25-30 May, 1997. Vol. 1
The knowledge business: horticulture, education and knowledge transfer : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Horticulture in the Netherlands : facts and figures
The propagation of hardy trees and shrubs
Proceedings of the 1st International symposium on olive growing, Córdoba (Spain) 26-29 September 1989
European journal of horticultural science
Carnations for everyman
4th International Peach Symposium : Bordeaux, France, 22-26 June, 1997 : vol. 1 & 2
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Improving the Performance of Supply Chains in the Transitional Economies : Chiang Mai, Thailand, July 19-23, 2005
A fruit-grower's diary
Gardening for the elderly and handicapped
Importance of cold in ornamental plants : HORTFROID symposium, Nice, France, March 11-15, 1991.
10th International Symposium on Apricot Culture : Izmir, Turkey 20-24 September 1993
Australian temperate fruits review conference, Roseworthy, South Australia 22-27 May, 1988
Register of new fruit and nut varieties : by Reid M. Brooks and H.P. Olmo
English for you : in agriculture, forestry, horticulture
Proceedings of the forty-fourth annual convention of the Tennessee State Horticultural Society, Inc. : Jackson, Tennessee December 1, 2, 1949.
3rd International Peach Symposium : Beijing, China 6-10 September 1993
Fruits, vegetables and flowers : physiology and structure in relation to economic use and market quality
Livelihoods grow in gardens
Mushroom growing to-day
Training and education
Symposium on manipulation of ethylene responses in horticulture : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 12th, 1986
Fruit and vegetables : production, trade and policies in Europe 1947-1951
1st International symposium on horticultural economics in developing countries, Alemaya, Ethiopia, 16-23 July 1989
Canadian fruitgrower
The fruit, the seed and the soil : collected edition of the John Innes leaflets
2nd International symposium on computer modelling in fruit research and orchard management, Utah State University, Logan, Utah, U.S.A., 5-8 September 1989
Muskmelon production
The fundamentals of fruit production
The strawberry : a world bibliography, 1920-1966
Proceedings of the International strawberry symposium, Cesena (Italy) May 22-27, 1988 : Vol. 1-2
Second Workshop on Pome Fruit Quality : Bonn - Röttgen, Germany 24-26 November, 1996
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Urban and Peri-Urban Horticulture in the Century of Cities : Lessons, Challenges, Opportunities : Dakar, Senegal, December 6-9, 2010
Anthos
8th International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Valencia, Spain, 1-4 April, 1997
Mushroom journal
4th International symposium on CO2 in protected cultivation, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 19-23 June 1989
Commercial glasshouse crops
Botanic gardens and the world conservation strategy : proceedings of an International conference 26-30 November 1985 held at Las Palmas de Gran Canaria
Polyploidy in the genus Ribes
Progress report for the year 1955 on the trace element deficiencies in horticultural crops in five districts in southern Ontario
Modern fruit production
Calculations for agriculture and horticulture
Program & abstracts : 84th Annual meeting of the American Society for Horticultural Science (ASHS) : Annual congress of the Interamerican Society for Tropical Horticulture (ISTH) : Orlando, Fla. 7-12 November 1987.
Proceedings of the forty-third annual convention of the Tennessee State Horticultural Society : Nashville, Tennessee January 20, 21, 22, 1949.
The use of auxins in the rooting of woody cuttings
Vegetative hybridization and mentors
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Harnessing the Potential of Horticulture in the Asian-Pacific Region : Coolum, Queensland, Australia, September 1-3, 2004
The American chestnut : a bibliography of references to Castanea and other chestnut species, and on Chestnut Blight and its causal pathogen of the fungal genus Endothia or Cryphonectria
The wastewater gardener : preserving the planet one flush at a time!
Cherries
1st Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 4-7 July, 1996 : vol. 1 & 2
American tomato yearbook 1954
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
Fifth International Rhododendron Conference : Bad Zwischenahn, Germany, May 18-24, 1992
Composting of agricultural and other wastes
Facts on Swedish horticulture 1976-1987
Art of the landscape garden in Japan
Nursery machinery : MJF no. 1 suppliers of specialist machines for the horticultural trade
The apples of New York. Vol. 2
The horticulturist
2nd International symposium on protected cultivation of vegetables in mild winter climates, Crete, Greece, 29 October -3 November, 1989
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 1, Production horticulture
Thomson's Spanish-English English-Spanish illustrated agricultural dictionary = Thomson's Español-Inglés Inglés-Español diccionario agropecuario ilustrado
