http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8876 electric current
electric current
University physics
Electric shocks and other energy evils
Electrical circuit theory and technology
Current measurement system using LabVIEW
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of electric circuits
Electrical safety for live events
Multi-instrumental auroral case-studies at substorm conditions
Power systems electromagnetic transients simulation
Multilevel converter modulation : implementation and analysis
Transformers for electronic circuits
High-speed circuit board signal integrity
Introduction to PSpice® manual : electric circuits,  using Orcad® Release 9.2
Electrical engineering 101 : everything you should have learned in school... but probably didn't
Physics for engineers and scientists
Normalized determinant function and stability envelope
Physics : principles with applications
Principles of electrical engineering
Fundamentals of physics
The electric circuits problem solver : a complete solution guide to any textbook
Fundamentals of electronic circuit design
Electrical and electronic technology
Dynamic profile of switched-mode converter : modeling, analysis and control
Understanding automotive electronics
Electrical science for technicians
Understanding automotive electronics : an engineering perspective
Automotive wiring and electrical systems
Schaum's outline of electric circuits
Introduction to filter theory
Power line ampacity system : theory, modeling, and applications
Introductory circuit analysis
Electronic circuits : fundamentals and applications
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
DC power supplies : a technician's guide
Renewable Energy Systems : Advanced Conversion Technologies and Applications
Aging power delivery infrastructures
Current consumption is an important part of mobile devices. Products with reduced current consumption can be made much more appealing to customers. The goal of this thesis was to make an automated current measurement system using the LabVIEW program. The thesis was commissioned by ST-Ericsson Ltd. This thesis is designed to give background information about cellular network standards, radio frequency and current measurements, measurement instruments and the LabVIEW program. The main focus is on how the measurement software was made. The measurement system is intended to make current measurements faster and more accurate by automating the process. Earlier all the current measurements were carried out manually, which was very slow and open to human errors. The creation of the system began by installing LabVIEW and by collecting the necessary measurement equipment. The software progressed in sections and a different program was created for each of the cellular standards. These programs were tested before moving on to the next standard. Finally all the different standards were combined to a single program. The result was a working current measurement system, which was immediately brought into use. The system made it possible to run measurements during nights or weekends, which produces lots of data with stable results. This data can be analyzed and utilized in developing new hardware and software. The system can be expanded in the future by adding different measurement instruments. This would enable replacing some equipment if a certain instrument is occupied. It is also possible to add a temperature chamber to control the temperature of the device under testing. The software can be updated by adding more cellular network standards or radio frequency measurements. The software can also be merged with other measurement software.
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of basic circuit analysis
HIF & LIF ARC FAULT DETECTOR POINT SENSOR MODULE : Combined High Impedance and Low Impedance Arc Fault Detection System
Geomagnetically induced currents in the Finnish power transmission system
Compliance of crane electrics with electrical safety standards and codes
Introduction to electrical engineering
Fundamentals of electrical engineering
Electrical installation calculations : advanced : for technical certificate and NVQ level 3
Minimizing circulating current in parallel-connected photovoltaic inverters
Introduction to electromagnetic compatibility
Basic electricity : based on Schaum's outline of basic electricity
Electric circuits and signals
Discussions on electricity : Introduction to effects and applications of electricity and magnetism
Basic electronics : theory and practice
Microstructural study of the MBE-grown light emitting semiconductor systems
Bonds and bands in semiconductors
Effects of electric vehicles charging on the power system
Introduction to signal analysis, circuits and systems
Electricity
Switched mode power supplies : design and construction
Multi-instrumental auroral case studies at substorm conditions
Preparation and characterisation of MnCo[sub 2]O[sub 4] and Raney nickel catalysts for alkaline fuel cells
Principles of electricity and magnetism
The circuits and filters handbook : fundamentals of circuit and filters
Engineering electromagnetics
Fundamentals of electric circuits
Engineering circuit analysis
Computer-aided analysis and design of electronic networks
Schaum's outlines electric circuits
A historical approach to children's physics education : modelling of DC-circuit phenomena in a small group
Parallel-operating three-phase voltage source inverters : circulating current modeling, analysis and mitigation
Developing a voltage-source shunt active power filter for improving power quality
The circuits and filters handbook
The resource handbook of electronics
Electrical & electronic systems
Computational approaches to the chemical sensitivity of semiconducting tin dioxide
Contemporary electric circuits : insights and analysis
Digital circuits. 1, Numbering systems, binary codes, logic gates, boolean algebra
Short-circuit currents
Switching power supplies A to Z
Schaum's 3000 solved problems in electric circuits
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of electric machines and electromechanics
Sensorless control of AC drives equipped with an inverter output filter
Digital control of high-frequency switched-mode power converters
Electronics for electricians
Introduction to mechatronics and measurement systems
Protection of electrical networks
Foundations of electrical engineering
"A fully comprehensive text for courses in electrical principles, circuit theory, and electrical technology, providing 800 worked examples and over 1,000 further problems for students to work through at their own pace. This book is ideal for students studying engineering for the first time as part of BTEC National and other pre-degree vocational courses, as well as Higher Nationals, Foundation Degrees and first year undergraduate modules.Colour layout helps navigation and highlights key learning points, formulae and exercises. Containing 800 worked problems, 1,000 further problems, 175 exercises and 14 revision tests with answers. online Real-world situations and engineering examples put theory into context. Now in its fifth edition, this best-selling textbook has been updated with developments in key areas such as semiconductors, transistors, and fuel cells, along with brand new material on ABCD parameters and Fourier's Analysis. Greater emphasis is placed on real-world situations in order to ensure the reader can relate the theory to actual engineering practice. "--
