http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8881 utilitarianism
utilitarianism
Killing happy animals : explorations in utilitarian ethics
Great Books of the Western World. 43, American state papers : the federalist
Abstract.
An introduction to ethics
Sidgwickian ethics
In the interest of the governed : a study in Bentham's philosophy of utility and law
How to fight the 'Methodenstreit'? : Veblen and Weber on economics, psychology and action
In this extraordinary book senior Financial Times columnist John Plender highlights and investigates a concern about the moral character of money that pre-dates the industrial revolution by more than two millennia. He explores this paradoxical aspect of the system in a historical context, looking at money, banking, entrepreneurship, art, taxation and other aspects of modern capitalism not only through the eyes of economists and business people, but through the views of philosophers, novelists, poets, artists and divines
On liberty and other essays
Equal freedom and utility : Herbert Spencer's liberal utilitarianism
On liberty : annotated text sources and background criticism
Taking rights seriously
On Mill
Consequences of utilitarianism : a study in normative ethics and legal theory
Changing preferences : a study in preferentialism
Unselfishness : the role of the vicarious affects in moral philosophy and social theory
Utiliariasm and bioethics
Mill's Utilitarianism : critical essays
Forms and limits of utilitarianism
The Blackwell guide to Mill's Utilitarianism
Utility and rights
While there had been much radical thought before John Stuart Mill, Joseph Persky argues it was Mill, as he moved to the left, who provided the radical wing of liberalism with its first serious analytical foundation, a political economy of progress that still echoes today. A rereading of Mill's mature work suggests his theoretical understanding of accumulation led him to see laissez-faire capitalism as a transitional system. Deeply committed to the egalitarian precepts of the Enlightenment, Mill advocated gradualism and rejected revolutionary expropriation on utilitarian grounds: gradualism, not expropriation, promised meaningful long-term gains for the working classes. He endorsed laissez-faire capitalism because his theory of accumulation saw that system approaching a stationary state characterized by a great reduction in inequality and an expansion of cooperative production. These tendencies, in combination with an aggressive reform agenda made possible by the extension of the franchise, promised to provide a material base for social progress and individual development. The Political Economy of Progress goes on to claim that Mill's radical political economy anticipated more than a little of Marx's analysis of capitalism and laid a foundation for the work of Fabians and other gradualist radicals in the 20th century. More recently, modern philosophic radicals, such as Rawls, have deep links to this Millean political economy. These links are still worthy of development. In particular, a politically meaningful acceptance of Rawls's radical liberalism waits on a movement capable of re-engineering the workplace in a manner consistent with Mill's endorsement of worker management.
A fragment on government
Classical utilitarianism from Hume to Mill
The Cambridge companion to utilitarianism
Morality and modernity
Hedonic and utilitarian values affecting the consumer online buying
Forms and limits of utilitarism
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
The works of John Stuart Mill. 3, Utilitarianism
Bentham's theory of the modern state
An idealist justification of punishment : Kant, Hegel and the problem of punishment
Capitalism : money, morals and markets
The English utilitarians : in three volumes. Vol. 3, John Stuart Mill
A guided tour of John Stuart Mill's Utilitarianism
The utility function and the emotional well-being function
Examines the meaning of justice in a variety of situations and asks the reader to morally and politically reflect on each topic.
Quantuum economics : wage slavery or the quality-of-life? : choices in the 'new economy'
Utilities, preferences and substantive goods
Politics and morality
The rejection of prioritarianism
A turn to empire : the rise of imperial liberalism in Britain and France
Ethics and sustainability : sustainable development and the moral life
ecology and utility : the philosophical dilemmas of planetary management
Global Justice : A Comparative Study on the Theories of Peter Singer, John Rawls, and Henry Shue
Distributive justice : a constructive critique of the utilitarian theory of distribution
From morality to virtue
This book examines the central questions of ethics through a study of theories of right and wrong that are found in the great ethical works of Western philosophy. It focuses on theories that continue to have a significant presence in the field. It covers egoism, the eudaimonism of Plato and Aristotle, act and rule utilitarianism, modern natural law theory, Kant's moral theory, and existentialist ethics. It also takes up topics in meta-ethics and moral psychology.
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
Utilitarianism ; Liberty ; Representative government
On Bentham
A history of philosophy. Volume 8, Bentham to Russell
Facts, values, and morality
The end of work : theological critiques of capitalism
Right conduct : theories and applications
Essays on Henry Sidgwick
Why read Mill today
Man-made morals : four philosophies that shaped America
Ethics : the big questions
Utilitarian logic and politics : James Mill's 'Essay on government' : Macaulay's critique and the ensuing debate
Contemporary ethics : taking account of utilitarianism
Ethics
Utilitarianism, hedonism, and desert : essays in moral philosophy
Identity, interests and attitudes to European integration
God, the good, and utilitarianism : perspectives on Peter Singer
Social limits to economic theory
Utilitarianism ; Liberty ; Representative government ; Selections from Auguste Comte and positivism
Jurisprudence : from the Greeks to post-modernism
Utilitarianism : for and against
How should one live? : essays on the virtues
Moral demands in nonideal theory
Shouting fire on crowded internet : examining the ethical arguments for Internet censorship: case Cleanfeed United Kingdom
Distributional justice : theory and measurement
Universal prescriptivism and utilitarianism : an examination of some aspects of R. M. Hare's moral philosophy
Collected works of John Stuart Mill. Vol. 10, Essays on ethics, religion and society
Due respect : the morality of the welfare state
Utilitarianism - On liberty - Essay on Bentham
Utilitarianism and the distributive justice : Jeremy Bentham and the Civil Law
An introduction to the principles of morals and legislation
The theory of legislation
A history of philosophy. Volume 8, Modern philosophy : empiricism, idealism, and pragmatism in Britain and America
Would you kill the fat man? : the trolley problem and what your answer tells us about right and wrong
Utilitarianism shot down by its own men
The English utilitarians
Utilitarianism and beyond
A history of English utilitarism
Enlightenment and utility : Bentham in French, Bentham in France
Hughes surveys 20th century theologies of work, contrasting differing approaches to consider the 'problem of labour' from a theological perspective. It is aimed at theologians concerned with how Christianity might engage in social criticism, as well as those interested in the connection between Marxist and Christian traditions.
A new approach to utilitarianism : a unified utilitarian theory and its application to distributive justice
The liberal self : John Stuart Mill's moral and political philosophy
Individual conduct and social norms : a utilitarian account of social union and the rule of law
Political philosophy
Essays on the history of ethics
Utilitarianism as a public philosophy
"This book surveys the leading modern theories of property - Lockean, libertarian, utilitarian/law-and-economics, personhood, Kantian and human flourishing - and then applies those theories to concrete contexts in which property issues have been especially controversial. These include redistribution, the right to exclude, regulatory takings, eminent domain and intellectual property. The book highlights the Aristotelian human flourishing theory of property, providing the most comprehensive and accessible introduction to that theory to date. The book's goal is neither to cover every conceivable theory nor to discuss every possible facet of the theories covered. Instead, it aims to make the major property theories comprehensible to beginners, without sacrificing accuracy or sophistication. The book will be of particular interest to students seeking an accessible introduction to contemporary theories of property, but even specialists will benefit from the book's lucid descriptions of contemporary debates"--
Mill on God : the pervasiveness and elusiveness of Mill's religious thought
Distributive justice
Hartley and James Mill
Essential works of John Stuart Mill
Early utilitarianism and its idealizations from a systematicpoint of view
Moral relevance and moral conflict
Liberal utilitarianism and applied ethics
An Introduction to property theory
The English utilitarians : in three volumes. Vol. 2, James Mill
The utilitarian response : the contemporary viability of utilitarian political philosophy
The political economy of progress : John Stuart Mill and modern radicalism
Justice, political liberalism, and utilitarianism : themes from Harsanyi and Rawls
Weighing goods : equality, uncertainty and time
Utilitarism and co-operation
Sympathy : a philosophical analysis
Essays metaphysical and moral : selected philosophical papers
The English utilitarians : in three volumes. Vol. 1, Jeremy Bentham
In Essays on the History of Ethics Michael Slote collects his essays that deal with aspects of both ancient and modern ethical thought and seek to point out conceptual/normative comparisons and contrasts among different views. Arranged in chronological order of the philosopher under discussion, the relationship between ancient ethical theory and modern moral philosophy is a major theme of several of the papers and, in particular, Plato, Aristotle, Hume, Kant, and/or utilitarianism feature centrally in (most of) the discussions.
Local justice : how institutions allocate scarce goods and necessary burdens
Mill on liberty : a defence
J. S. Mill['s] "On liberty" in focus
Morality, utilitarianism, and rights
The promotion of general happiness : a utilitarian essay
The varieties of goodness
The elimination of morality : reflections on utilitarianism and bioethics
The Bloomsbury encyclopedia of utilitarianism
Logic, facts and representation : an examination of R. M. Hare's moral philosophy
A history of English utilitarianism
The point of view of the universe : Sidgwick and contemporary ethics
Reconciling our aims : in search of bases for ethics
Evaluating governance and management in Africa : a utilitarian perspective
On liberty
Economic justice and liberty : the social philosophy in John Stuart Mill's Utilitarianism
Human conduct : an introduction to the problems of ethics
Justice : what's the right thing to do?
A century of moral philosophy
The growth of philosophic radicalism
Utilitarianism, institutions, and justice
