http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8883 painting (visual arts)
painting (visual arts)
Carolus Enckell : årets konstnär = vuoden taiteilija = artist of the year
The fifteenth century from Van Eyck to Botticelli
A history of painting in Italy : Umbria, Florence and Siena from the Second to the Sixteenth century. Vol. 6, Sienese and Florentine masters of the sixteenth century
How to draw and paint
On the laws of Japanese painting : an introduction to the study of the art of Japan
Japanese ink painting : early zen masterpieces
Johan Scott : narkissos = narcissus : 11.1.-4.2.2007
Pittura Russa dal museo di Kiev 1800-1950 = Russian painting from the museum of Kiev 1800-1950 = russkaja zivopis kievskogo muzeja 1800/1950
Zhongguo chuantongnian huayishu tezhan : zhuan ji = The art of the traditional Chinese new year Print : selected exhibits
Egyptian painting
Jarmo Mäkilä : Dorian Grayn muotokuva = Dorian Grays porträtt = The picture of Dorian Gray
Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930
Kaksi vuosisataa suomalaista kuvataidetta : taidesäätiö Meritan kokoelma : konststiftelsen Meritas samling = Two centuries of Finnish fine arts : art foundation Merita's collection = Två sekel av finländsk bildkonst
The pocket history of American painting
Chinese painting : leading masters and principles : part I : the first millennium. Vol. 3, Plates
Art of the Far East : landscapes, flowers, animals : 16 plates in colr from the work of old Chinese and Japanese masters
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Promenade in the picture gallery : an album of Iranian and European paintings from the Sa'dābād Museum of Fine Arts, Tehrān = Gulgašt dar nagāristān
The exile's return : toward a redefinition of painting for the post-Modern era
Modern painters. Volume 5, Of leaf beauty - of cloud beauty - of ideas of relation
Sancta Barbara : Pyhän Barbaran legenda = Den Heliga Barbaras legend = Legende der Heiligen Barbara = The legend of Saint Barbara
Vanikalle piirrettyä = Drawn on crispbread : 28.10-21.11.2004
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Ateneum 1994 : Valtion taidemuseon museojulkaisu = Statens konstmuseums årsskrift = The Finnish National Gallery bulletin
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Practical guide to painting
An album of contemporay chinese painting
Chinese brush painting : a hands-on introduction to the traditional art
Chinese painting : leading masters and principles : part I : the first millennium. Vol. 1-2, Early Chinese painting The Sung period
Looking at pictures
Marine painting in Hull through three centuries
Painting in South Africa
Viljami Heinonen : Phantasmagoria : January 14-March 5, 2017
Muuttuva Helsinki : 1900-luvun Helsinki-aiheista taidetta kaupunginmuseon kokoelmista = Förändringarnas Helsingfors : 1900-talets Helsingfors-konst ur stadsmuseets samlingar = The changing face of Helsinki : paintings and graphic art from the city Museum's collections from the 1900s
Rembrandt and the Bible : Stories from the old and new testament, illustradet by Rembrandt in paintings, etchings and drawings
American painting from the armory show to the depression
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
There is something good in everything : an adaptation of Efland's eclectic approach
Painting and experience in fifteenth century Italy : a primer in the social history of pictorial style
Chinese painting : leading masters and principles : part I : the first millennium. Vol. 1, Early Chinese painting
Larousse Dictionary of painters
Masters of British painting : 1800-1950
Dutch painting
Painting in Spain during the later eighteenth century
Tonal painting : discover the secrets of light..
The age of Rembrandt : studies in seventeenth-century dutch painting. Volume 3
The forger's spell : a true story of Vermeer, nazis, and the greatest art hoax of the twentieth century
Artists & illustrators : e-lehti
A history of painting in Italy : Umbria, Florence and Siena from the Second to the Sixteenth century. Vol. 3, The Sienese, Umbrian, & North Italian Schools
Klimt : life and work
Artistry in ink
Qingming shang he tu = scenes along the River during the Qingming Festival
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Modern painting in Belgium
Landscapes in acrylics
Art school pastels : step-by-step teaching througt inspirational projects
Spanish painters : in search of light : [1850-1950]
Petri Yrjölä : lupaus huomisesta = promise of the future
Italian painting. The creators of the the renaissance
Mysteries of the rectangle : essays on painting
Ancient Chinese woodblock New Year prints
Spanish painting. 1, from the Catalan frescos to El Creco
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Encounter 29.3.-22.4.2001
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
Creating art : flowers & nature : kukat & luonto = Kuvan tekeminen
The great century of British painting : Hogarth to Turner
Matti Värttö *27.10.1948 †22.1.2011 : sein Leben für die Kunst = his life for art = hänen elämänsä taiteelle
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
Modern painters : Goya, Constable, David, Ingres, Delacroix, Corot, Daumier, Courbet
English water-colours
Karin Laaja : minnesbilder II = muistikuvia II = recollections II
Abstract painting in Flanders
Italian painting. The renaissance
Florentine painting and its social background : the bourgeois republic before Cosimo de Medici's advent to power: 14th and early 15th centuries
Modern Japanese painting : an art in transition
Summary.
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
Jinshan nongminhua = [The peasants' painting in Jinshan]
Johan Scott : Narkissos = Narcissus
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Thursday perhaps : Anna Tuori 6.4.-7.5.2006
Modern painters. Volume 4, Of mountain beauty
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
The new painting
Ukiyo-e paintings in the British Museum
Persian painting of the 14th century
Hungarian painting in the twentieth century
Art since 1945
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
Painting of Soviet Turkmenia : 65 plates = Živopis' Sovetskoj Turkmenii
A history of painting in Italy : Umbria, Florence and Siena from the Second to the Sixteenth century. Vol. 4, Florentine masters of the fifteenth century
The painters of Vicenza : 1480-1550
Modern painters. Volume 2, Of the imagunative and theoretic faculties
Understanding painting
Painting in Spain 1650-1700 : from North American collections
Paintings from America
Thomas Nyqvist : 9.9.-3.10.1993
Star Trek : new worlds, new civilizations
The flemish primitives
British painting
National Gallery London : dutch painting
The approach to painting
Digital character design and painting
French painters of the XVIII:th century
Egypt : paintings from tombs and temples
Modern painters. Volume 3, Of many things
Contemporary Polish painting
Spanish painting : from Velazquez to Picasso. 2, from Velazquez to Picasso
David to Delacroix
Dimensions of the 20th century 1900-1945
Chinese painting : leading masters and principles : part II : the later centuries. Vol. 6, Plates
THE IMPRESSIONISTS
Kunsten til sygdom = The art unto sickness
Modern painters
Return to painting
Painting from photographs
Facing the challenges of panel paintings conservation : trends, treatments, and training : proceedings from the symposium Facing the Challenges of Panel Paintings Conservation : Trends, Treatments, and Training organized by the Getty Conservation Institute, the Getty Foundation, and the J. Paul Getty Museum : The Getty Center, Los Angeles, May 17-18, 2009
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
The contemporary artist in Japan
