http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8880 benefit
benefit
Measuring the value of information systems
Decoy alternatives in individual choice and politics
Abstract.
Superbug : nature's revenge : why antibiotics can breed disease
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
The Utilization of Leftover Sones from Mines and Quarries in North Savo region
Monetary valuation of urban forest amenities in Finland
To draft or not to draft : an alternative view
Finland : a case of beneficial integration
Dangerous company : the consulting powerhouses and the businesses they save and ruin
Benefits of investing in water and sanitation : an OECD perspective
An acceptance model for useful and fun information systems
Catalytic depolymerisation of starch-based industrial waste : use of non-conventional activation methods and novel reaction media
Applying usability cost-benefit analysis : explorations in commercial and open source software development contexts
Development of initiation in child welfare
Role of service and data reuse in enterprises
University-industry collaboration : Faculty of Information Technology at University of Jyväskylä
Social net benefits of cod farming in Sweden
The battle over homework : common ground for administrators, teachers, and parents
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
Bioslurry = brown gold? : a review of scientific literature on the co-product of biogas production
Biosafety of forest transgenic trees : improving the scientific basis for sale tree development and implementation of EU policy directives
Cost-benefit analysis of multifunctional agriculture in Finland
A comparative happiness and utility analysis between mortgage financed owner-occupation and renting
Value-Creation and Profitability in Customer Relationships
Cooperation and we-mode preferences in multi-agent systems
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
The political economy of conscription
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
Report of the joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on the Risks and Benefits of Fish Consumption : Rome, 25-29 January 2010.
The dream of the Celt
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Economics of forest land clearing for agriculture
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Textile exerts various environmental impacts throughout its life cycle. Prevention of textile waste is one means to reduce these impacts. This study seeks to map-out the flow of textile products in the three Nordic Countries - Denmark, Finland and Sweden - from the time they are put on the market until they are discarded. Based on the findings on the flows as well as on the perception of stakeholders, the study reviews and discusses government interventions that may be useful for the enhancement of textile waste prevention. Potential use of various policy instruments based on the concept of extended producer responsibility (EPR) is analysed. The study indicates a handful of areas where further research is needed in order to fine-tune policy actions that would best address the situation specific to the case countries.
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Treatment and disposal of polyurethane wastes : options for recovery and recycling
Economics without markets : four papers on the contingent valuation and stated preference methods
Benefits and challenges of enterprise resource planning for Pakistani SMEs
Research on the benefits of leisure at the Rocky Mountain Station
Black sheep : the hidden benefits of being bad
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Networking of some middle school principals in Shanghai, China
Economic value of weather and climate forecasts
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
Theory of rational decision-making and its applications to adaptive transmission
Cost-benefit analysis of green roofs in urban areas : case study in Helsinki
Mutualistic interactions between plants and birds : behavioural mechanisms and ecological importance
Performance of the AHP in comparison of gains and losses
Installed base information : ensuring customer value and profitability after the sale
Do firms benefit from spatial proximity? : testing the relation between spatial proximity and the performance of small software firms in the Netherlands
Utilities, preferences and substantive goods
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
ecology and utility : the philosophical dilemmas of planetary management
Sludge treatment and disposal
Utilization of recycled mineral wool as filler in wood plastic composites
Essays on concave and homothetic utility functions
Analysis of the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Reloading mechanized tree planting devices faster using a seedling tray carousel
In the public interest and for private gain : Finn's study trips abroad from the 16th to the 20th century
Vanity economics : an economic exploration of sex, marriage and family
Factors affecting efficiency of LVDC distribution network : power electronics perspective
Altitude training and athletic performance
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Economics of crime and enforcement
The breakdown of nations
Glued to games : how video games draw us in and hold us spellbound
Benefits of web annual report for corporation
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
Productive diversity in the tourism industry : capitalising on the language and cultural skills of Australians of non-english speaking backgrounds
Head First Design Patterns
Characteristics and management options for mixed construction waste residue
Political parties and network formation
Benefits and costs of tourism and tourism resources in Somalia
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
To draft or not to draft : efficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
The tourism industry has contributed significantly to Ghana's economy, particularly in recent times, as the sector continues to demonstrate its potential as a key driver of growth. For example, between 2000 and 2005, visitor arrivals and spending increased by 46 per cent and 68 percent respectively. The industry is currently the third largest foreign exchange earner after merchandise exports and remittances from abroad and has become one of the most important and fastest growing sectors of the Ghanaian economy. Tourism receipts in Ghana are forecasted to reach $1.5 billion by the end of 2010.Cape Coast municipality that is regarded as the brain box of Ghana's tourism still lack the concept and dignity tourism site should attain. Therefore there is the need to access and evaluate the current situation of the tourism sector in the municipality and as a result recommend what needs to be done and has been done by more world famous tourism destinations and countries to get to where they are today. This thesis was purely conducted based on literature review by reviewing, analyzing and authenticating the projects and reports already written on similar topic and project. Tourism textbooks, journals, Internet sources and internet reports were the secondary sources reviewed. The keys findings of the research were aimed at analyzing the tourism potentials of Cape Coast as a destination so as to make it attractive to both domestic and international tourists.
Home herbal : cultivating herbs for your health, home and wellbeing
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
Identity, interests and attitudes to European integration
Consumer value drivers in electronic banking
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
The development potentials of Ghana's Cape Coast as a destination
Magoroto Mlinga community ecotourism : a feasibility study
Essays on franchising in Finland : empirical findings on franchisors and franchisees, and their relationships
Multidisciplinary rehabilitation after primary total knee arthroplasty:a study of its effects on health- related quality of life, functional capacity and cost-effectiveness
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Forest conservation - too much or too little? : a political economy model
Distributed energy resources in an electricity retailer's short-term profit oftimization
Benefit-based recreational forest management in Korea
"Everyone benefits from the welfare state system" : prof. J. P. Roos
Efficiency and stability studies for organic bulk heterojunction solar cells
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
This book presents an accessible and sometimes controversial economic exploration of numerous issues surrounding sex, marriage and family. It analyzes the role of 'vanity', defined as social status and self-esteem, in social and economic behaviors. In Veblen's theory of conspicuous consumption, vanity is associated with the consumption of luxuries such as expensive handbags and cars. In this book, Simon Fan provocatively argues that vanity is obtained by having a spouse and children with perceived 'high-quality' values, for example, a beautiful wife, a tall husband or intelligent offspring. He demonstrates from various perspectives that vanity plays a crucial role in male - female relationships and intergenerational relationships. In so doing, he challenges the conventional frontier of economics and contributes to other social sciences. This unique book will appeal to the educated general reader and interested academic alike.
Ethics out of economics
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
Utilitarianism and beyond
Cost benefit analysis
Evaluating the advantages of implementing a CRM-solution
Valuation of economic benefits from the Finnish Salmonella Control Program
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Computed tomography of acute abdominal pain : diagnostic and economic aspects
Slugs and snails in world agriculture : proceedings of a symposium organised by the British Crop Protection Council with the support of the Malacological Society of London held at University of Surrey, Guildford UK, 10th-12th April, 1989
Statin adherence and its effect on cost-effectiveness in the prevention of cardiovascular events
Design methods and considerations of supply modulated switched RF power amplifiers
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Interpersonal utility comparisons and observability
The intelligent client : managing your management consultant
Using surveys to value public goods : the contingent valuation method
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Diversity not adversity : sustaining livelihoods with biodiversity
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
The gift : an interdisciplinary perspective
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
The theory of political economy
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
Organosolv pulping : a review and distillation study related to peroxyacid pulping
EXPLOIT project ready for take off
Prevention of textile waste : material flows of textiles in three Nordic countries and suggestions on policy instruments
Cause-related marketing : examination of the role of values and product benefits in the purchase decision
Pharmaceutical innvation - what's it all about?
The effect of waiting time on health outcomes and costs of total joint replacement in hip and knee patients : a prospective randomized controlled trial
Manual for sorting of waste for waste-to-energy systems
Benefits of information technology projects analysis of a web-based tool for inbound logistics
Project benefits management : linking projects to the business
The economics of higher education
Discounting diversity: a somewhat philosophical speculation
The economic costs and the political allure of conscription
Applying usability cost-benefit analysis — explorations in commercial and open source software development contexts
Social profitability of combustion technology in poultry manure management : a cost-benefit analysis of co-combustion of boultry manure and natural gas in the Leningrad region, Russia
Interest
To draft or not to draft? : inefficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
The paper reconsiders the relative efficiency of the draft versus the professional army in the case where countries belong to different risk classes. We refute the earlier result that the welfare with a draft is always lower than with a professional army. The welfare comparison is shown to depend on the national security determined by the risk class of the country. The existence of the reserve strengthens the case for the draft army. We use Israel, Finland, and Sweden as examples of countries which belong to different risk classes with different approaches to the optimal national defense.
Implementation and Process of Biogas Plant in Food Industry
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Grey water recycling options & technologies : towards a suitable utilization of domestic water
The upside of irrationality : the unexpected benefits of defying logic at work and at home
Long-term supplier relations : ABB Oy, Power Systems
What's there in it for me? : identifying customer benefits and utilizing the knowledge of customer benefits in marketing and selling
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
What practical benefit can we have from epidemiologial studies?
Arguments for protected areas : multiple benefits for conservation and use
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
THE DEVELOPMENT POTENTIALS OF GHANA’S CAPE COAST AS A DESTINATION.
Benefit realisation management : a practical guide for achieving benefits through change
Governing the implementation of a complex inter-organizational information system network : the case of Finnish prescription
FUEL CELLS IN ENERGY PRODUCTION
Dilute nitride multijunction solar cells grown by molecular beam epitaxy
Summary.
The geometry of desert
The infulence of Google's ranking algorithm on search engine optimization  : SEO
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Measuring the impact of information on development
Benefits of building information modelling (BIM) for construction project management in Germany
The Blackwell handbook of mentoring : a multiple perspectives approach
The benefits of using social media : case: Lancôme Paris
Waste-to-energy : technologies and project implementation
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
Valuation of biodiversity benefits : selected studies
Benefits and costs analysis : the impact of training on business performance
B is for beer
Benefit-cost analysis : in theory and practice
