http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8897 local radio
local radio
Media policy for the 21st century in the United States and Western Europe
Micro radio and the FCC : media activism and the struggle over broadcast policy
Developing disaster preparedness education via broadcast media and community involvement
The people's voice : local radio and television in Europe
Taking cultural values into possession - local radio and social competence : the case of Finland
Understanding the local media
Top-down or bottom-up? : radio in the service of democracy : experiences from South Africa and Namibia
Community media : international perspectives
Community media : a global introduction
Local journalism and local media : making the local news
Local radio and regional development in Europe
Community radio toolkit / Ally Fogg, Phil Korbel and Cathy Brooks
Saleable compromises : quality cultures in Finnish and US commercial radio
The power of global community media
Media regulation : governance and the interests of citizens and consumers
Local radio : an examination of the concept of local radio : suggestions for the introduction of Cityradio at Turku and Tampere in Finland
Alternative media : idealism and pragmatism
New media technologies are growing rapidly with massive investment around the world. Developments over the next few years will take media and telecommunications services to new fields of even greater appeal and diversity. The demand for a wider choice of television programming and advanced services is increasing rapidly along with advances in technology and policy and market changes. The main aspect of these developments is competition. Policy changes are designed to create an open and competitive market in order to significantly increase consumer choice. The evolving construction of national broadcast and telecom systems demonstrates the trajectory of media policies. It leads to the conclusion that all countries are heading in the same direction of adopting the common goal of a free market approach - according to which global policy objectives dominate the development of media systems and markets. Following the United States and the large media countries of Europe, commercialization spread across Europe and in other parts of the world. The result is that, in general, similar solutions to the development of new media have been chosen to address similar problems and opportunities posed by global policy-making and advanced technology - creating the new concept of global media policy. The book provides a comprehensive analysis of the structure that should dominate the 21st century, with a detailed explanation of the evolving nature of global issues. The main goal is to analyze the current and future technological and social trends, and data and statistics on the main forces and trends involved in global media policy support this. Although the book does not attempt to forecast the pace of this revolution, it provides the best possible means to examine media and telecommunications policies in different countries."--BOOK JACKET.
The art of making do in Naples
Sami Radio : audiences in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Radio remains one of the most popular mediums through which people experience music. Yet there have only been a few studies examining the dynamic effects of radio on music. In this innovative study of community radio, Charles Fairchild uses a novel combination of critical analysis, interdisciplinary theory and ethnographic writing to compare commercial and community radio institutions and practices. By situating community radio in the dominant context of consumerism, Fairchild shows how people can create democratic discourses by speaking through other people's music. He argues that the social relations produced by playing music on the radio, and the inherent ambiguity of music itself, hold the potential for cultural democracy. The book shows how community radio's aesthetic practices accord with the ideals of an open and equitable public sphere, contributing to civil society and a potentially democratic aesthetics in which the "old medium" of radio holds profound lessons for 'new media'.
Characteristics of local media audiences
Music, radio and the public sphere : the aesthetics of democracy
Studying radio
John Peel :  a life in music
Twentieth-century British political facts, 1900-2000
People's radio : communicating change across Africa
The invisible medium : public, commercial and community radio
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
Saltvik : studies from an Åland parish
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
Raising the civil dead : prisoners and community radio
Community media in the information age : perspectives and prospects
Radio content in the digital age : the evolution of a sound medium
Nothing local about it : London's Local Radio
