http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8900 Second World War
Second World War
Deportation of Poles on the eve of World War II : the framework of Soviet forced expulsion of nationalities
The second world war. Volume 6 : Triumph and tragedy
The second world war. Volume 1 : The gathering storm
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
The undeclared war 1940-1941
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Conflicting memory in Estonia : how Estonian russian-speakers understand the events of 1939-40?
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The Janus-faced city : a sensory history of London Blitz 1940-1941
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Amy's diary
A democracy at war : America's fight at home and abroad in World War II
Ē Ellada kai o polemos sta Balkania (1940-41) : diethnes sunedrio-international conference, Thessalonikē, 29 Oktōbriou - 1 Noembriou 1990, Thessaloniki, October 29 - November 1, 1990 = Greece and the war in the Balkans (1940-41
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
The second world war. Volume 5 : Closing the ring
Sweet memories of you
The path to the spiders' nests
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
India at war
Crooked heart
Military errors of World War Two
The campaign in Norway
Participating in Canada's victory : the Finnish community in Canada during World War II
Captain Corelli's mandolin
The Mediterranean and Middle East. Vol. 4, The Destruction of the Axis Forces in Africa
The Oxford companion to World War II
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Quartermaster general is a fast-paced game that puts you in command of the major powers of the Second World War. Supply is crucial to keep your armies and navies fighting; destroy your enemies' supply lines and their forces will surrender! Each major power has a unique set of strikingly illustrated cards with which to marshal their forces.
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
The second world war. Volume 2 : Their finest hour
A dirty distant war
Civil affairs and military government North-West Europe : 1944-1946
Devil at my heels
The Mediterranean and Middle East. Vol. 3, British fortunes reach their lowest ebb : (September 1941 to September 1942)
The ice queen : a novel
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
The atomic bomb and the end of world war II
The day gone by : an autobiography
The Mediterranean and Middle East. Vol. 1, The Early Successes against Italy : (to May 1941)
The second world war 1939-1945 : a strategical and tactical history
Grand strategy. Vol. 3, part 1, June 1941-August 1942
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Grand strategy. Vol. 2, September 1939-June 1941
The London journal of general Raymond E. Lee 1940-1941
Company of heroes
Cryptonomicon
East is West
The second world war
Warspite
The last Jews in Berlin
The night watch
From Prague after Munich : diplomatic papers 1938-1940
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Hearts of stone
A woman of secrets
In the Wolf ́s mouth
Grand strategy. Vol. 5, August 1943-September 1944
The Mediterranean and Middle East. Vol. 2, "The Germans come to the Help of their Ally" (1941)
Knut Pipping's "Infantry company as society" and aspects of some other military sociological studies of small military units
The Russian outlook
The origins of World War two
On borrowed time : how World War II began
The second world war. Volume 3 : The grand alliance
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Little red lies
Alphabet House
A young Parisian woman is exiled to Provence to take care of her husband's ailing grandfather during the Vichy regime, but discovers that despite the horrors of war, the paintings of Cezanne, Pisarro, Chagall, and Picasso bring to life the landscape around her and allow her once again to experience love.
Theory and research on the causes of war
Delivered from evil : the saga of World War II
Latin America during world war II
The undertaking
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The raiders : desert strike force
Pianisti = The pianist
Resisting Japan : mobilizing for war in China, 1935-1945
My Secret War Diary, by Flossie Albright : my history of the second world war, 1939-1945
Defence of the West : some riddles of war and peace
The girl with no name
History of the second world war : United Kingdom military series. Grand strategy, Volume 1 : Rearmament policy
1939 : the making of the Second World War
Grand strategy. Vol. 6, October 1944-August 1945
In 1944 Chicago, Liz Stephens reluctantly agrees to ghostwrite a letter to soldier Morgan McClain, who is stationed overseas, for her friend Betty and becomes torn by her feelings for a man who doesn't know her true identity
Slaughter-house five
The last days of new Paris
The defence of the United Kingdom
Record of operations against Soviet Russia, eastern front (August 1945)
The race for Trieste
The ordeal of total war, 1939-1945
The hot snow
The redbreast
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
Catch-22
The book thief
Route to Potsdam : the story of the peace aims 1939-1945
The wind is not a river
Grand strategy. Vol. 3, part 2, June 1941-August 1942
The thin red line
A study of World War II from the Latin American perspective, this volume offers an in-depth analysis of the region during wartime. It considers how each country dealt with commonly shared problems - the Axis threat to the national order, the extent of military cooperation with the Allies, and the war's impact on the national economy.
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Grand strategy. Vol. 4, August 1942-September 1943
The struggle for Europe
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
The naked and the dead
All that is : a novel
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Moonglow : a novel
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
Fateful choices : ten decisions that changed the world, 1940-1941
In the early 1930s schoolboys Peter Dorner and Andreas Papandraki became friends while Peter's father worked on an archaeological dig on the Greek island of Lefkas. Years later, at the height of the Second World War, they are fated to meet again. Now, though, Peter is an intelligence officer in the German army, brought in to help suppress the partisans, while Andreas is the leader of the local resistance movement. Peter's knowledge of the island and its people is now a deadly weapon against his old friend, and the many others who made his childhood visit so idyllic. The decisions each man makes will be critical to the destiny of countless men, women, and children, as they stand torn between loyalty to each other and loyalty to the country of their birth.
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
What Latvia Wishes From This War? : Background, Actual Situation, Hopes for Future
Prejudice, war, and the constitution
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Army uniforms of World War 2
Wake up and dream
Bomb run and other stories
The German Army and Nazi policies in occupied Russia
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Poles in the Italian campaign 1943-1945
Poles in the battle of Western Europe
Hawaii under the rising sun : Japan's plans for conquest after Pearl Harbor
Belgium : the official account of what happened 1939-1940
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
Finland and World War II 1939-1944
The second world war. Volume 4 : The hinge of fate
Good people
