http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8918 earthmoving
earthmoving
The commonwealth experience
American colonies
Diggers at work
As Flies to Whatless Boys
This is my dump truck
The independence of Spanish America
Race and empire in British politics
A failed Eldorado : colonial capialism, rural industrialization, African land rights in Kenya, and the Kakamega gold rush, 1930-1952
The Spanish seaborne empire
Canada and the British Empire
The false dawn : European imperialism in the nineteenth century
The scramble for Africa, 1876-1912
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
The African dream
Bugles and a tiger : a personal adventure
France and Britain in Africa : imperial rivalry and colonial rule
Heart of darkness
Government and governance of European empires, 1450-1800
Portugal in Africa : the last hundred years
The story of South Africa
Capital flight from developing countries
Politics and empire in Victorian Britain : a reader
Intrepid itinerant : Manuel Godinho and his journey from India to Portugal in 1663
Colossal earthmovers
Colonies into Commonwealth
"Local Histories/Global Designs" is an extended argument about the "coloniality" of power by one of the most innovative Latin American and Latino scholars. In a shrinking world where sharp dichotomies, such as East/West and developing/developed, blur and shift, Walter Mignolo points to the inadequacy of current practices in the social sciences and area studies. He explores the crucial notion of "colonial difference" in the study of the modern colonial world and traces the emergence of an epistemic shift, which he calls "border thinking". Further, he expands the horizons of those debates already under way in postcolonial studies of Asia and Africa by dwelling in the genealogy of thoughts of South/Central America, the Caribbean, and Latino/as in the United States. His concept of "border gnosis", or sensing and knowing by dwelling in imperial/colonial borderlands, counters the tendency of occidentalist perspectives to manage, and thus limit, understanding. In a new preface that discusses "Local Histories/Global Designs" as a dialogue with Hegel's Philosophy of History, Mignolo connects his argument with the unfolding of history in the first decade of the twenty-first centu
The rise of the Spanish American Empire
Colonialism in Africa 1870-1960. Vol. 4, The economics of colonialism
Cultural marketing and international competition : a case study of company and university strategies for technology transfer and product marketing between Sweden and China
The rape of India ; a biography of Robert Clive and a sexual history of the conquest of Hindustan
British decolonization, 1946-1997 : when, why, and how did the British Empire fall?
The prisoner of paradise
India and the future
Far from home
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
The fatal shore
Exploring prehistoric identity in Europe : our construct or theirs?
Strong will : Havator Group 1956-2006
The long Earth
Bridging the digital divide in developing countries : The role of mobile technology in bridging the digital divide
Lord of the privateers
Indian administration of Lord William Bentinck
Atlas of British overseas expansion
The ethnology of the British colonies and dependencies
Technology transfer to developing countries : from place to place or from space to space
Romantic colonization and British anti-slavery
Italian colonialism in Eritrea, 1882-1941 : policies, praxis and impact
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Jealousy and justice : the indigenous roots of colonial rule in northern Sulawesi
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
High dudgeon : crafting affective narratives from (semi-) official texts
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Britain's imperial century, 1815-1914 : a study of empire and expansion
Journey to the end of the night
Deportation of Poles on the eve of World War II : the framework of Soviet forced expulsion of nationalities
The making of modern Sindh : British policy and social change in the nineteenth century
The lion and the springbok : Britain and South Africa since the Boer War
Edge of empire : conquest and collecting in the east 1750-1850
Can true love die? Or, neglected, does it lie dormant until the object of true desire is again within reach? Denied, does passion smoulder, like embers waiting for the right conditions to flare into an all-consuming conflagration?
Pension Systems and Labour Mobility : Portability of Pensions in EU
French colonialism in tropical Africa 1900-1945
The Inquisition in the Spanish Dependencies : Sicily, Naples, Sardinia, Milan, the Canaries, Mexico, Peru, New Granada
A mission to civilize : the republican idea of empire in France and West Africa, 1895-1930
The rise and fall of the British Empire
Colonialism and underdevelopment in East Africa : the politics of economic change, 1919-1939
Landfill waste pollution and control
British India 1772-1947 : a survey of the nature and effects of alien rule
The body of the conquistador : food, race, and the colonial experience in Spanish America, 1492-1700
Congo : the epic history of a people
Nineteenth century England : a political and social history of the British Commonwealth 1815-1914
Neo-colonialism : a background book
Local histories/global designs : coloniality, subaltern knowledges, and border thinking
Transfer of technology or/and transformation of technology
Imperialism and popular culture
Caterpillar : great American legend
The collapse of a colonial society : the Dutch in Indonesia during the Second World War
Freedom at midnight
The Spanish empire in America
Beyond the frontiers: the biography of Colonel F. M. Bailey, explorer and special agent
A history of the African people
Portuguese Africa : a handbook
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
The nation's voice : being a collection of Gandhiji's speeches in England and Sjt. Mahadev Desai's account of the sojourn : [september to december, 1931]
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish empire
Francophone postcolonial studies : a critical introduction
The decline and fall of the British empire 1781-1997
The history of French colonial policy 1870-1925
Economic growth in Indonesia, 1820-1940
Moving the earth : the workbook of excavation
The expansion of England
Mad dogs and Englishmen : a grand tour of the British Empire at its height : 1850-1945
"This fascinating history explores the dynamic relationship between overseas colonisation and the bodily experience of eating. It reveals the importance of food to the colonial project in Spanish America and reconceptualises the role of European colonial expansion in shaping the emergence of ideas of race during the Age of Discovery. Rebecca Earle shows that anxieties about food were fundamental to Spanish understandings of the new environment they inhabited and their interactions with the native populations of the New World. Settlers wondered whether Europeans could eat New World food, whether Indians could eat European food and what would happen to each if they did. By taking seriously their ideas about food we gain a richer understanding of how settlers understood the physical experience of colonialism and of how they thought about one of the central features of the colonial project. The result is simultaneously a history of food, colonialism and race.
Colonial Indology: sociopolitics of the ancient Indian past
Giant earth-moving equipment
Party politics and decolonization : the Conservative Party and British colonial policy in tropical Africa, 1951-1964
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
