http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8916 homeless persons
homeless persons
Little owl needs a home
"We are not garbage!" : the homeless movement in Tokyo, 1994-2002
Room for love
Occupational therapy and psychosocial dysfunction
My dog always eats first : homeless people and their animals
The world according to Bob : the further adventures of one man and his street-wise cat
Emerging nursing care of vulnerable populations ; Contemporary infection control for nurses
Japan's underclass : day laborers and the homeless
Shelter blues : sanity and selfhood among the homeless
The soloist : a lost dream, an unlikely friendship, and the redemptive power of music
No fixed abode
Pretty baby
The Soloist
The Maxx. volume 6
One illness away : why people become poor and how they escape poverty
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
The Maxx. volume 5
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Victorian childhoods
The social and health care study of street children at IPEK, Calcutta
The plight of the homeless
Poppy's Place : the home-made cat cafe
A street cat named Bob : [how one man and his cat found hope on the streets]
Services for homeless people : the policy context from 1960s until the present day and two examples for innovative services
The man who walks
The wolf in winter
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
A street cat named Bob : [how one man and his cat found hope on the street]
Ginger finds a home
Homeless immigrants in Finland : national report 2002 : European Observatory on Homelessness
Containing the poor : the Mexico City Poor House, 1774-1871
Street people speak
The lady in the van
Homelessness, citizenship, and identity : the uncanniness of late modernity
The Finnish homelessness strategy : from a "Staircase" model to a "Housing first" approach tackling long-term homelessness
A home for the homeless : a social-scientific criticism of I Peter, its situation and strategy
The crisis of caregiving : social welfare policy in the United States
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Epic of the dispossessed : Derek Walcott's Omeros
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
China's homeless generation : voices from the veterans of the Chinese Civil War, 1940s-1990s
Homelessness in America : perspectives, characterizations, and considerations for occupational therapy
A street cat named Bob
Mental health interventions and services for vulnerable children and young people
The true story of Nathaniel Ayers, a musician who becomes schizophrenic and homeless, and his friendship with Steve Lopez, the Los Angeles columnist who discovers and writes about him in the newspaper.
Street cat Bob : [how one man and a cat saved each other's lives]
The soloist
Excuse me... are you a witch?
A family Christmas
The annunciation of Francesca Dunn
Chain of events
Kicked out
The Maxx. volume 2
The Maxx. volume 4
Bread & wine : an erotic tale of New York
Homelessness research in Europe : Festschrift for Bill Edgar and Joe Docherty
The echo
John & George : the dog who changed my life
The Maxx. volume 1
Stuart : a life backwards
So he takes the dog
A gift from Bob
Embittered
A home for Molly
No and me
Worst. Person. Ever
Nightwalking :  a nocturnal history of London, Chaucer to Dickens
Ghost country
Case history
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
The Maxx. volume 3
Public library services for the poor : doing all we can
Lost memory of skin
Measuring mental health needs
The gift
Going home
The Fisher King : deluxe widescreen presentation
The language of flowers
The fisher king
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
The soloist : a lost dream, an unlikely friendship and the redemptive power of music
