http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8915 homeless persons
homeless persons
Self-esteem, locus of control and attachment : their relation with homelessness
Services for homeless people : the policy context from 1960s until the present day and two examples for innovative services
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Japan's underclass : day laborers and the homeless
Magnus Chase and the hammer of Thor
"We are not garbage!" : the homeless movement in Tokyo, 1994-2002
My dog always eats first : homeless people and their animals
International year of shelter for the homeless : what Finland is doing
Shadow cities : a billion squatters, a new urban world
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
Homelessness research in Europe : Festschrift for Bill Edgar and Joe Docherty
Opening address by the Prime Minister of Finland, Mr. Kalevi Sorsa at the sixth session of the UNCHS
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Homelessness in America : perspectives, characterizations, and considerations for occupational therapy
Homeless : the exhibition
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
Encyclopedia of homelessness
The mole people : life in the tunnels beneath New York City
Homeless immigrants in Finland : national report 2002 : European Observatory on Homelessness
A struggle for wellbeing : a qualitative study investigating the wellbeing of homeless vendors of the Oslo-based street paper =Oslo
Summary (s. 13-14)
The sword of summer
The Glasgow coma scale
Crossing the line : vagrancy, homelessness and social displacement in Russia
Crash course in library services to people with disabilities
Immigration and homelessness in Europe
Righteous dopefiend
