http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8911 family work
family work
Carrot or the stick? : towards effective practice with involuntary clients in safeguarding children work
Social work and child welfare politics: through Nordic lenses
Alternative models of family preservation : family-based services in context
Challenging Child Protection offers a ground-breaking new perspective which will illuminate and improve the professional understanding and practice of social workers and child protection workers. Taking a fresh look at the principles underlying child protection, this book provides a thought-provoking analysis of the evidence base which underpins professional understanding and intervention. It outlines the ways in which agencies have worked to prevent child abuse and neglect and traces key changes in UK policy, as well as situating these amid wider trends in Europe. With contributions from a wide variety of disciplines, including philosophy and anthropology, this is a uniquely diverse collection of academic perspectives. This book challenges our conceptions of child protection and encourages readers to think critically about why children are harmed by adults, how society views child abuse and how this informs practice.
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
Participatory research : working with vulnerable groups in research and practice
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
International perspectives and empirical findings on child participation : from social exclusion to child-inclusive policies
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Respite care : support for persons with developmental disabilities and their families
Effective working with neglected children and their families : linking interventions to long-term outcomes
Tactics, family performatives and gendered styles of lesbian parents in the labour market
Family group conference from a child perspective : Nordic research report
Domestic violence and social work
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Gender and family among transnational professionals
Challenging child protection : new directions in safeguarding children
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Foster care, childhood and parenting in contemporary Europe
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Taking a strengths-based approach, this book looks at ways practitioners can enhance children's wellbeing by identifying protective factors and positive ways of working with children and their families. Grounded in research yet accessible, the strategies presented will help to encourage positive behaviour and promote emotional and mental wellbeing.
The El-barta child and family project : community based early child care and development programme : an integrated approach
Working with violent families : a guide for clinical and legal practitioners
Successful prevention and youth development programs : across borders
Families that abuse : diagnosis and therapy
Parents who neglect children present considerable challenges to child welfare professionals, and are often resistant to change. There is little evidence available on what works. This book addresses an urgent need to ensure that social care interventions provide better long term outcomes for neglected children across services. Based on a substantial research study into social care provision for children, it provides a insight into the experiences of neglected children over a period of five years, examining the responsiveness of parents and children to social care support and their progress. Close-focus study of the decisions made on either side of services - by the children, the parents, the caregivers and related social and healthcare professionals - shows what works and what doesn't, in the long term. This study highlights gaps in provision for neglected children after the initial referral stage, the risks and potential for professional interventions and how well the child protection system and the courts protect children. The study suggests ways that local authorities and other professionals can meet the complex needs of the children most likely to fall through the safety net, the factors related to good outcomes for them and how to improve safeguarding strategies within and beyond children's services.
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Domestic violence and family safety : a systemic approach to working with violence in families
The family functioning scale : a guide to research and practice
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
International Social Work Practice compares and contrasts divergent social work approaches in countries around the world, providing students with a unique perspective on social work as it is actually practised. Using case studies from frontline practitioners from across the globe, this innovative new textbook stimulates critical thinking about international social work practice issues. Providing a review of both country-specific social work practices and universal social work issues, the text looks at a variety of core social work topics, framed here in terms of CSWE competencies. Set within a theoretical framework presented in the introductory chapter, the subjects covered include: child welfare intimate partner violence family conflict and communication elder care substance abuse trauma. Each chapter presents several case studies exploring range of issues within the broader topic and each case study is commented on by two narratives from social work academics and practitioners from different countries, providing different cultural perspectives. Taking a practical hands-on approach, this text includes a dedicated section for classroom use, with discussion questions, classroom exercises and additional cases for your own analysis.
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Family psychoeducation : resources, application and outcomes : a comparative study between Hennepin County, Minnesota, USA and the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, Finland
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Fixing families : parents, power, and the child welfare system
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The skills of helping individuals, families, groups, and communities
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Working with vulnerable families : a partnership approach
Comparative studies in social policy and social work
Child and family advocacy : bridging the gaps between research, practice, and policy
Group work with suburbia's children : difference, acceptance and belonging
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Families in society : the journal of contemporary human services
Family based services : a solution-focused approach ; Insoo Kim Berg
The complete handbook for family life ministry in the church
Family social work practices in the context of transitional Lithuanian society
Interparental conflict and child development : theory, research, and applications
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Multicultural perspectives in working with families
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Longbourn : a novel
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
An introduction to family social work
Family group conferencing : new directions in community-centered child and family practice
Culture and child protection : reflexive responses
Working together with children and families : case studies in early intervention
Abstract: Motherhood as cultural expectations.
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Linking and matching : a survey of adoption agency practice in England and Wales
Social work methods and skills : the essential foundations of practice
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Social work practice with children and families
Immigrant fathers and the social services offered to young families in Finland
Child and family social work with asylym seekers and refugees
Family systems application to social work : training and clinical practice
Assessing children's needs and circumstances : the impact of the assessment framework
The expanded family life cycle : individual, family, and social perspectives
Working with families of the poor
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Social work with children and families : getting into practice
Neglected children and their families
Child maltreatment and high risk families
The work-family conflict and related social support among expatriates in dual-earner families
Family networks
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Improving child and family assessments : turning research into practice
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Family support and family centre services : issues, research and evaluation in the UK, USA and Hong Kong
Outcomes measurement in the human services : cross-cutting issues and methods
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 4 : Issues in child welfare
Strengthening the family : a trainer's handbook for family ministry
Occupational well-being of Finnish and German social workers working with families and children
Social work and domestic violence : developing critical and reflective practice
Casebook of marital therapy
Working with families : an integrative model by level of need
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
International social work practice : case studies from a global context
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Moving toward positive systems of child and family welfare : current issues and future directions
Summary.
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
For the family : international and interchurch cooperation for the development of family counselling and family education
Protecting children from domestic violence : strategies for community intervention
Victim without a face
Handbook for practice learning in social work and social care : knowledge and theory
Tiivistelmä: Family Psychoeducation: Resources, Application and Outcomes, A comparative study between Hennepin County, Minnesota and the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, Finland.
Crisis help at home : Families First project report 2002-2005
Re-imagining child protection : towards humane social work with families
Social work with children and families
Work, family, and religion in contemporary society
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
Helping families with troubled children : a preventive approach
Building and evaluating family support initiatives : a national study of programs for persons with developmental disabilities
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
Family doctors' journey to quality
Between shades of gray
Child & family assessment in social work practice
Enabling and empowering families : principles and guidelines for practice
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Working with 'denied' child abuse : the resolutions approach
The Bears
Research publication 2013
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Protecting children : messages from Europe
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
Family centres and their international role in social action : social work as informal education
Family support as reflective practice
Supporting & strengthening families. Volume 1, Methods, strategies, and practices
Enterprising women : ethnicity, economy, and gender relations
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Tackling social exclusion
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
The priest of evil
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Family support : direction from diversity
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Promoting child and parent wellbeing : how to use evidence- and strengths-based strategies in practice
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Family mediation in Europe : proceedings, 4th European Conference on Family Law, Palais de l'Europe, Strasbourg, 1-2 October 1998.
The Church's ministry with families : a practical guide
Walking this path together : anti-racist and anti-oppressive child welfare practice
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Disability and impairment : working with children and families
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
Learning together how to strengthen the family : a participant's book for family ministry
Seven rules on having a happy marriage along with work
Marriage counseling : a practical guide for pastors and counselors
English summary.
Collaborative practice with vulnerable children and their families
Critical social work with children and families : theory, context and practice
Social action with children and families : a community development approach to child and family welfare
Social work reclaimed : innovative frameworks for child and family social work practice
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Emotional Support in the Case of Spontaneous Abortion : Written support material
"Doing inspires".
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Work and family : an international research perspective
Working with child abuse : social work practice and the child abuse system
Family work for schizophrenia : a practical guide
A practitioner's tool for child protection and the assessment of parents
Social work with children and families : developing advanced practice
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Child & family social work
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
