http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8917 social exclusion
social exclusion
The dispersal and social exclusion of asylum seekers : between liminality and belonging
In dwelling : implacability, exclusion and acceptance
Social isolation in modern society
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
Few would dispute that we live in an unequal and unjust world, but what causes this inequality to persist? Leading social commentator and academic Danny Dorling claims in this timely book that in rich countries inequality is no longer caused by not having enough resources to share, but by unrecognised and unacknowledged beliefs which actually propagate it. Based on significant research across a range of fields, in Injustice Dorling argues that, as the five social evils identified by Beveridge at the dawn of the British welfare state are gradually being eradicated (ignorance, want, idleness, squalor and disease), they are being replaced by five new tenets of injustice, that: elitism is efficient; exclusion is necessary;prejudice is natural;greed is good and despair is inevitable. In an informal yet authoritative style, Dorling examines who is most harmed by these injustices and why, and what happens to those who most benefit. Hard-hitting and uncompromising in its call to action, this is essential reading for everyone concerned with social justice.
Citizens without shelter : homelessness, democracy, and political exclusion
Inclusion and exclusion : unemployment and non-standard employment in Europe
How participation, marginalization and welfare services are connected
Social exclusion among young people
Youth and society : exploring the social dynamics of youth experience
Community development : a European challenge
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Bethel New Life : 20 th Anniversary Video
The transformation of jobless movement and the segregation of the unemployed in Finland since the 1990s
The prevention of destitution
Designs for alienation : exploring diverse realities
Cross-European research on various aspects of participation and marginalization in the field of welfare services
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
A social inclusion roadmap for Europe 2020
Risk factors and survival routes : social exclusion as a life-historical phenomenon
Exposure to crime as a consequence of poverty : five investigations about relative deprivation, poverty and exposure to crime
Abstract.
Joined-up youth research, policy and practice : a new agenda for change?
Equality and power in schools : redistribution, recognition and representation
Pieces of the big picture : Exploring Employment of Rehabilitees with European Partners
Poverty, unemployment, marginalization
Outcomes of the active at 60 community agent programme
Spill simmer falter wither
Transformation of participation: politics and social citizenship in Finnish welfare governance
Virtual inequality : beyond the digital divide
The Dalit Christian : a history
Victims, villains or organized community? : discrimination, social exclusion and empowerment in the media representation of urban poverty : case of barrio “El 70” in Venezuelan newspapers
Eurotrain : an alternative approach : project review no. 2 : encouraging young people on their way to the job market : a collection of articles
Public library services for the poor : doing all we can
Researching learning cultures and educational identities in communities : the impact of adult learning
Contemporary marginalization and exclusion of young people : whose reality counts?
Smashing potatoes – challenging student agency as utterances
A theory of poverty and social exclusion : Bill Jordan
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
Growing big in the streets : Lusaka's street youths' voices of poverty in the streets
New hope for youth : experiential exercises for children & adolescents
Unemployed in Finland : living on the edge of culture
Symbolic misery. Vol. 1, The hyper-industrial epoch
Handbook of the project Keinot käyttöön arjen areenoilla
Curing the Dutch disease : an international perspective on disability policy reform
Under pressure? : societal factors affecting the future socio-economic positions of immigrants in Finland : young, Islamic refugees as a case in point
Social integration and marginalisation
Empowerment and non-formal guidance in a modern world of education
Unemployment and the future of work : An enquiry for the churches
Youth unemployment and marginalization
Social exclusion in Europe
Keys to success : the final report of the European task network : examples, proposals, recommendations
Social exclusion : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 4, Including the excluded - policies from the mainstream and the radical alternatives
Beyond transition towards inclusive societies
The night cleaner
Children at the margins : supporting children, supporting schools
Tally's corner : a study of Negro streetcorner men
Stuart : a life backwards
Working with young people in Europe : what we can learn from our neighbours
A longitudinal approach to social exclusion in Sweden
Redefining and combating poverty : human rights, democracy and common goods in today's Europe
Working it out : a handbook for violence prevention in work with young people
Social class, gender and exclusion from school
Social exclusion : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 1, Social exclusion - the history and use of a concept
Social work, poverty and social exclusion
Social exclusion and social work : issues of theory, policy and practice
Long-term unemployment and the threat of social exclusion : a cross-national analysis of the position of long-term unemployed people in Germany, Sweden and Britain
Poverty
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
Social policy change through participation : does parents' participation make a difference in the reform of services for children, adolescents and families?
Contemporary racisms and ethnicities : social and cultural transformations
Injustice : why social inequality persists
Tackling poverty and social exclusion : promoting social justice in social work
Youth and work
Welfare, exclusion and political agency
The family : photographs by Stefan Bladh : 2002-2008
Giving kids a fair chance
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Self help guide for 17-25 years old adolescents at risk of social exclusion : bachelor's thesis
Social exclusion and community development
Rethinking social exclusion : the end of the social?
Smashing potatoes : challenging student agency as utterances
Children, young people and social inclusion : participation for what?
The idea was simple: pack a suitcase, go to another city where you have no connections and try to find a job, anonymously. That was the idea that took Florence Aubenas--one of France's most accomplished undercover journalists--on a journey into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Day after day she searched for work, one unemployed worker among others, with no special skills or qualifications. She immersed herself in the crowd of job seekers, going from one employment office to another, eventually managing to cobble together a few hours working as a night cleaner on a ferry that crossed the English Channel. For many people the global financial crisis seems real enough but remote from their daily lives. They have little sense of what it really means to be unemployed in the midst of a recession. Florence Aubenas was determined to find out. This book is the story of her journey.--From publisher description.
Session : Exclusion and the information society : Information for some : Exclusion for others?
Partnership against poverty and exclusion? : local regeneration strategies and excluded communities in the UK
Regional aspects of unemployment in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
Eurotrain : an alternative approach : a collection of articles
Participatory alternatives for charity food delivery ? : Finnish development in an international comparison
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
The established and the outsiders
Poverty and social exclusion in the new Russia
On marginality : a client group's relationship to work
Aspect of community arts projects for the socially excluded : Case studies: UK
Landscapes of despair : from deinstitutionalization to homelessness
The shipping news
Social exclusion : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 2, Incomes, politics, the city and work - the broad context of contemporary social exclusion
Promoting the policy debate on social exclusion from a comparative perspective = Promouvir d'un point de vue comparatif le débat politique sur l'exclusion sociale ; [Council of Europe]
Marginals of the integration law : integration of immigrants on the third sector in Jyväskylä
Seeking conviviality : re-forming community diakonia in Europe
European churches confronting poverty : social action against social exclusion
Social exclusion seen by tomorrow's journalists : European reporting competition
Diaconia against poverty and exclusion in Europe : challenges, contexts, perspectives
Hearing loss : from stigma to strategy
Active social policies in the EU : inclusion through participation?
Child poverty in the developing world
Revolting subjects : social abjection and resistance in neoliberal Britain
No and me
B.R. Ambedkar : perspectives on social exclusion and inclusive policies
Summary.
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Teachers Experiences Of Early Intervention In Vocational Education
Research synergies in social professions / edited by Maria Michailidis, Silvia Fargion and Robert Sanders
Tiivistelmä: Self help guide for 17-25 years old adolescents at risk of social exclusion.
In other troops : stories about violence
Including the excluded : from practice to policy in European community development
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
Keywords in youth studies : tracing affects, movements, knowledges
"Where do I belong?" : examining the cultural identity of bicultural individuals
Displacement effects of active labour market policy : the youth labour market in Finland
Social exclusion : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 3, The role of public policy - inclusion or exclusion?
On the Margins of Society : Social Adaptation of Asylum Seekers in Finland
European opinions of poverty and social exclusion
Combating poverty and social exclusion : a statistical portrait of the European Union 2010
Jokela School shooting on 7 November 2007 : report of the investigation commission
Poverty and social exclusion among lone-parent households
Supporting vulnerable adults : citizenship, capacity, choice
Faith-based organisations and exclusion in European cities
Are children in growing danger of social exclusion? : evidence from Italy and Spain
Occupational therapies without borders : integrating justice with practice
Museums and social justice : how museums and galleries can work for their whole communities
Mothering against the odds : diverse voices of contemporary mothers
From outreach to equity : innovative models of library policy and practice
Case studies in communication and disenfranchisement : applications to social health issues
The panopticon
In the darkness
In community : practical lessons in supporting isolated people to be part of community
Poverty and exclusion in a dlobal world
Unemployment, employment and social exclusion
The valley of the shadow : the photography of Miron Zownir
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
One blood : inside Britains new gang culture
Tackling social exclusion
Spaces of social exclusionaisuus
Participatory citizenship : identity, exclusion, inclusion
Jacob have I loved
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
Sport and social exclusion
Man (dis)connected : how the digital age is changing young men forever
From welfare to work - poverty and social exclusion in a migration society : comparative analysis of research results of the different country reports from Spain, Austria, Great Britain, Finland, German : final report of the project group
The disadvantages of inequality : a study of social deprivation
Rethinking youth
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Poverty and shame : global experiences
Eurotrain : an alternative approach : project review no. 3
Curing the Dutch disease from a Swedish perspective
He who fears the wolf
Social Exclusion of Young People in Finland
Stories about homelessness and marginalisation
Brighton rock
The psychosocial wellbeing of orphans and youth in Rwanda : analysis of predictors, culnerability factors and buffers
Abstract (1 s.).
The Oxford handbook of the economics of poverty
The eco-social approach in social work
Disconnected youth? : growing up in Britain's poor neighbourhoods
Social exclusion : rhetoric reality responses
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
Social exclusion in Europe : problems and paradigms
Four faces of participation
