http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8914 marginalised people
marginalised people
Marginalized communities and access to justice
The street kids
Confronting racism, poverty, and power : classroom strategies to change the world
Keeping up with the Dow Joneses : debt, prison, workfare
God bless you, Mr Rosewater, or, Pearls before swine
The right to learn : educational strategies for socially excluded youth in Europe
Cross cultural awareness and social justice in counseling
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Abstract.
Youth, the "underclass" and social exclusion
Adolescence : positive approaches for working with young people
Implementing the European employment strategy : the challenges of integrating young people into the labour market, long-term unemployment and equal opportunities
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Radical eye : the photography of Miron Zownir
Invisible children in the society and its schools
Tackling social exclusion in Europe : the contribution of the social economy
Spill simmer falter wither
One another
Social exclusion and European policy
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Outcast. Volume 1, A darkness surrounds him
Make change yourselves! : handbook for empowering young people in everyday life
Citizenship and welfare state reform in Europe
Marginal groups and mainstream American culture
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 1, Inclusive education as social justice
The night cleaner
The water's edge
The process of remembering with the Forgotten Australians : digital storytelling and marginalized groups
Helping socially withdrawn and isolated children and adolescents
Social work and social exclusion : the idea of practice
The murder of Harriet Krohn
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to community based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
The casual vacancy
Cemetery Junction
Far from the tree : a dozen kinds of love
On the margins of Japanese society : volunteers and the welfare of the urban underclass
Other Middle Ages : witnesses at the margins of medieval society
Policy responses to social exclusion : towards inclusion?
Working with families of the poor
Unification and marginalisation of young people
Socially withdrawn children in the 1st grade
Caring for the socio-economically deprived and nutritionally vulnerable
Rethinking social exclusion : the end of the social?
Innocent foxes : a novel
Outcast. Volume 2, A vast and unending ruin
The idea was simple: pack a suitcase, go to another city where you have no connections and try to find a job, anonymously. That was the idea that took Florence Aubenas--one of France's most accomplished undercover journalists--on a journey into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Day after day she searched for work, one unemployed worker among others, with no special skills or qualifications. She immersed herself in the crowd of job seekers, going from one employment office to another, eventually managing to cobble together a few hours working as a night cleaner on a ferry that crossed the English Channel. For many people the global financial crisis seems real enough but remote from their daily lives. They have little sense of what it really means to be unemployed in the midst of a recession. Florence Aubenas was determined to find out. This book is the story of her journey.--From publisher description.
Confronting injustice and oppression : concepts and strategies for social workers
"This graduate-level text explains how our early connections and attachments are formed and discusses past and present conceptions of community. The Sociology of Community Connections is highly recommended for classes in sociology, social work, social and cultural anthropology, community psychology, communications, criminal justice, and urban planning."--BOOK JACKET.
Righteous dopefiend
Perspectives on empowerment : report on Employment Integra thematic work project
Biography and social exclusion in Europe : experiences and life journeys
Outcast. Volume 3, This little light
Learning to fail : how society lets young people down
Mental health interventions and services for vulnerable children and young people
The spaces of others - heterotopic spaces: practicing and theorizing hospitality and counter-conduct beyond the religion/secular border
Social work research with minority and oppressed populations : methodological issues and innovations
One illness away : why people become poor and how they escape poverty
The mole people : life in the tunnels beneath New York City
Starting from the heart
The caller
Acid Row
Homelessness and social policy
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 2, Developing inclusive schools and school systems
Social vulnerability in Europe : the new configuration of social risks
The Casual Vacancy
Their choice or yours : global forces or local voices?
Applying theory to policy and practice : issues for critical reflection
Summary and conclusions (s. 1-14).
Social citizenship and workfare in the United States and Western Europe : the paradox of inclusion
The sociology of community connections
Tackling social exclusion
Report on the world social situation 2003 : social vulnerability, sources and challenges
Equal opportunities for all : delivering the Lisbon strategy through social innovation and transnational cooperation
Theorising social exclusion
Learning from the margins : young women, social exclusion and education
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 4, Learning from diverse voices in inclusive education
Labour market exclusion, income distribution and poverty : summary of the working group report
Working with involuntary clients : a prosocial model
Wasted lives : modernity and its outcasts
"Being down" : challenging violence in urban schools
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 3, Inclusive pedagogy in curricula and classrooms
Heterotopic citizen : new research on religious work for the disadvantaged
God bless you, Mr Rosewater
Teach me! : kids will learn when oppression is the lesson
Faith-based social action in combating marginalization : conference proceedings, Helsinki, 17.-18.11.2011
Crossing the line : vagrancy, homelessness and social displacement in Russia
Crash course in library services to people with disabilities
Epic of the dispossessed : Derek Walcott's Omeros
Death, dying and social differences
Homelessness, health care and welfare provision
