http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8927 breakdown
breakdown decomposition
A death in the family. My struggle book 1
Taphonomy and interpretation
Vertical distribution of biological activity in peat of some virgin and drained swamp types
Biodegradation and packaging : a literature review
The Biodegradation of Plastics using Biolan Pikakompostori 220 Composter and by Oxitop BOD7 Measurements
Biodegradability analysis of pharmaceuticals used in developing countries; screening with OxiTop C-110
Comparisons of decomposition rates measured by means of cellulose
Microbial degradation of plastics : studies on nylon 66
Age of delirium : the decline and fall of the Soviet Union
My sister lives on the mantelpiece
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
You never give me your money : the Beatles after the breakup
Degradation and transformation of chlorinated phenolic compounds by strains of Rhodococcus and Mycobacterium
Methods to study litter decomposition : a practical guide
A radiorespirometric study of intrinsic remediation potential of Finnish soil
Biosynthesis and decomposition of cysteine derivatives in onion and other Allium species
The end of the Cold War and the causes of Soviet collapse
Electrokinetic behaviour of salbutamol and its decomposition products and determination of salbutamol by micellar electrokinetic capillary chromatography
Dilute acid catalysed hydrolysis of cellulose : extension to formic acid
Bacteriological studies on waters with a low electrolyte concentration
Yugoslavia : a state that withered away
Girl at war : a novel
Clustering-triggered endocytic pathway of α2β1 integrin
Diversity of environmental biogeochemistry
Investigations on forest litter
Revolutions and revolutionary movements
Organic chemicals : used as model substances within the progamme Biological variables in environmental hazard assessment
Solar UV radiation and plant responses : assessing the methodological problems in research concerning stratospheric ozone depletion
Driven by nature : plant litter quality and decomposition
The reaction mechanism and operating window for the decomposition of hydrated magnesium sulfate under reducing conditions
Effects of soil fauna on decomposition and nutrient dynamics in coniferous forest soil
Citizenship and prevention of statelessness linked to the disintegration of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
Biodegradability of Nonwoven Fabrics
Food waste composting : effects of heat, acids and scale
Relocation of carbon from decomposition of 14C-labelled needle and fine root litter in peat soil
Handbook of material biodegradation, biodeterioration, and biostablization
Noah's Child
Reinterpreting the end of the Cold War : issues, interpretations, periodizations
The fall of Rome : and the end of civilization
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
Determination of decomposition products of flotation collector chemicals using capillary electrophoresis
Copper-related light-induced degradation in crystalline silicon
Biochemical modification of wood componenets
Decomposition of salbutamol in aqueous solutions. II. The effect of buffer species, pH, buffer concentration and antioxidants
Bioconversion of forest and agricultural plant residues
Noah's child
Lignin enzymic and microbial degradation : symposium international, Paris (France), 23-24 avril 1987.
Thomas and Mary : a love story
Decomposition of peat organic matter
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in boreal streams:the effects of anthropogenic disturbances and naturally stressful environments
Studies of the TOL plasmid transcription factor XylS
The railway children
Decomposition and accumulation of organic matter in terrestrial ecosystems : research priorities and approaches : proceedings of a workshop jointly organised by the Commission of the European Communities and the European Science Foundation, Doorwerth, The Netherlands, September, 2-4, 1991
Breakup of Yugoslavia and its aftermath
Two kinds of wonderful
The fate aspects of pharmaceuticals in the environment : biotransformation, sedimentation and exposure of fish
Nitrogen and carbon turnover in a Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) forest influenced by different nitrogen inputs = Nitrogen- og karbonomsetning i en furuskog (Pinus sylvestris L.) ved ulik tilførsel av nitrogen
World War Z : an oral history of the zombie war
Optical monitoring of flocs and filaments in the activated sludge process
Physico-chemical characterisation of plant residues for industrial and feed use
The development of a microbial population in decomposing forest litter : a laboratory study
The war of Yugoslav dissolution and Britain's role in shaping western policy : 1991-1995
Soil analysis in forensic taphonomy : chemical and biological effects of buried human remains
Photochemical decomposition of midazolam
The cellulose-binding domain of cellobiohydrolase I from Tricoderma reesei : interaction with cellulose and application in protein immobilization
The war that never was : tha fall of the Soviet empire 1985-1991
Impact of site-preparation on soil-surface CO2 fluxes and litter decomposition in a clear-cut in Sweden
Swamplandia!
Serbia, Croatia and Slovenia at peace and at war : selected writings, 1983-2007
The three-dimensional structure of cellobiohydrolase I from Trichoderma reesei
Imperial ends : the decay, collapse, and revival of empires
Where nation-states come from : institutional change in the age of nationalism
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Nutrient release from heaps of logging residues in a thinned Scots pine stand
Boreal forest soil contains significant amounts of organic carbon. Soil disturbance, caused for example by site preparation or stump extraction, may increase decomposition and thus lead to higher CO2 emissions, contributing to global warming. The aim of this study was to quantify responses of soil-surface CO2 fluxes (Rs) and litter (needle and root) decomposition rates following various kinds of soil disturbance commonly caused by mechanical site preparation and stump harvest. For this purpose four treatments were applied in a clear-cut site in central Sweden: i) removal of the humus layer and top 2 cm of mineral soil, ii) placement of a humus layer and 2 cm of mineral soil upside down on top of undisturbed soil, forming a double humus layer buried under mineral soil, iii) heavy mixing of the humus layer and mineral soil, and iv) no disturbance (control). Rs measurements were acquired with a portable respiration system during two growing seasons. To assess the treatments' effects on litter decomposition rates, needles or coarse roots (Ø = 6 mm) were incubated in litterbags at positions they would be located after the treatments (buried, or on top of the soil). The results indicate that site preparation-simulating treatments have no effect or may significantly reduce, rather than increase, CO2 emissions during the following two years. They also show that buried litter decomposes more rapidly than litter on the surface, but in other respects the treatments have little effect on litter decomposition rates..
My struggle. Book 1, A death in the family
Quantity, decomposition and nutrient dynamics of litterfall in some forest stands at Hålebäck, southern Sweden
Ubiquitin and protein degradation. B
Kosovo etc. - beyond the limits of international law?
An ultra-thin-walled superconducting solenoid for meson-decay physics
Theoretical modelling and experimental studies of synchrotron radiation induced molecular dissociation processes
Sputnik Sweetheart
Vicious barbarian invasions during the fifth century resulted in the cataclysmic end of the world's most powerful civilization, and a 'dark age' for its conquered peoples. Or did it? The dominant view of this period today is that the 'fall of Rome' was a largely peaceful transition to Germanic rule, and the start of a positive cultural transformation. Bryan Ward-Perkins encourages every reader to think again by reclaiming the drama and violence of the last days of the Roman world, and reminding us of the very real horrors of barbarian occupation. Attacking new sources with relish and making use of a range of contemporary archaeological evidence, he looks at both the wider explanations for the disintegration of the Roman world and also the consequences for the lives of everyday Romans, in a world of economic collapse, marauding barbarians, and the rise of a new religious orthodoxy. He also looks at how and why successive generations have understood this period differently, and why the story is still so significant today.
The fall of the Soviet Empire
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Decomposition of cellulose in soils of natural boreal forests
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
Ghost heart
The use of plant litter and soil fauna traits in a mechanistic assessment of litter decomposition under global change
Fungal decomposition of wood : its biology and ecology
Superpower illusions : how myths and false ideologies led America astray-- and how to return to reality
Characterization of the cellulolytic enzyme systems of the anaerobic bacterium CM126 and the filamentous fungus Trichoderma reesei
Interactions between herbicides and the soil
Biological degradation of wastes
Chlorophenol metabolism of a polychlorophenol degrader, Rhodococcus chlorophenolicus sp. nov
Environmental fate of pesticides
Environmental applications of manometric respirometric methods
Transport of a de-icing chemical and synthetic DNA tracers in groundwater at Oslo Airport, Gardermoen : field experiments and numerical modelling
Mass loss of epiphytic lichen litter in a boreal forest
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Wood and tree fungi : biology, damage, protection, and use
"Providing guidelines for implementing sustainable practices for traditional petroleum based plastics, biobased plastics, and recycled plastics, Sustainable Plastics and the Environment explains what sustainable plastics are, why sustainable plastics are needed, which sustainable plastics to use, and how manufacturing companies can integrate them into their manufacturing operations. A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Images of Medea / Hanna Raulo
Functionalized nanocelluloses in wastewater treatment applications
Temporal perspective of humification of organic matter
The rise of Russia and the fall of the Soviet empire
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Photodegradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the presence of methoxyphenols
Environmental Degradation of Glass-fiber Reinforced Vinyl Ester : Public Part
Decomposition of toxic and nontoxic organic compounds in soils
Treatment of lignocellulosics with white rot fungi
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
Response of the boreal forest ecosystem to climatic change and its silvicultural implications. Soil respiration in a stand of Scots pine under elevated temperature and atmospheric carbon on a poor upland site
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Degradation of phenols in anaerobic digestion and the effects of phenols in residues on ammonium oxidation in soil
Biosynthesis and decomposition of cysteine derivatives in onion and other Allium species : by Bengt Granroth
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
A Study of Lignanolytic Soil Bacteria with Special Reference to alpha-Conindendrin Decomposition
Biodegradation and bioremediation
Formation processes in underwater archaeology : a study of chemical and biological deterioration
Degradation of lignocellulosics in ruminants and in industrial processes
Biodegradable substances in wood protection
Analysis of cancer cell invasion with novel <em>in vitro</em> methods based on human tissues
The memory stones
Effect of photoirradiation on biodegradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)
The economics of Soviet break-up
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
On the degration of spure lignin under conditions of thioligning formation
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
The effect of plant roots on CO2 release from peat soil
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
The interaction of microorganisms and the herbicides chlorthiamid and dichlobenil
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Soil respiration in a stand of Scots pine under elevated temperature and atmospheric carbon on a poor upland site
"A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Decomposition of chitinase transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula) leaf litter and effects on decomposer populations in a field trial
Surviving the Bosnian genocide : the women of Srebrenica speak
Lignocellulose degradation and humus modification by the fungus Paecilomyces inflatus
Determination of soil organic matter fractions in afforested agricultural soils
The cellulose-binding domain of cellobiohydrolase I from Trichoderma reesei : interaction with cellulose and application in protein immobilization
Bacteriological studies on waters with low electrolyte concentration
Strategic rebellion : ethnic conflict in FYR Macedonia and the Balkans
Kinetics of microbial growth and activity with applications to the decomposition of herbicides
The fate of marxism in Russia
Prolamin degradation in sourdoughs
All that is solid melts into air
Degradation of cellulose to methane by defined mixed cultures
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Decomposition of fine roots and α-cellulose in a short rotation willow (Salix spp.) plantation and abandoned agricultural land
Floodplain forest ecosystem. 2, After water management measures
Decomposition of mosses in different peats
Fragmentation and bounce of nanosize agglomerates by inertial impaction
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Decomposition of fine roots of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in different soils
Psychrophilic basidiomycetes decomposing forest litter under winter conditions
An approach to the determination of the state of decomposition of peat and other organic substances
Fine root decomposition at drained peatland sites
Interaction of initial litter quality and thinning intensity on litter decomposition rate, nitrogen accumulation and release in a pine plantation
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Matter and nutrient dynamics of pine (Pinus tabulaeformis) and oak (Quercus variabilis) litter in North China
Determining the degree of peat decomposition for peat-based palaeoclimatic studies
In-situ soil and groundwater bioremediation techniques and applications
Enhancing local livelihoods in Taita Hills, Kenya : indigenous tree species as part of farmers' livelihoods and environmental rehabilitation
Nutrient concentrations in coarse and fine woody debris of Populus tremuloides Michx.-dominated forests, northern Minnesota, USA
Microbiological and organic characterisation of peat
BPA performance (TOC, BOD and toxicity) during photo-Fenton reaction
Automatable microplate-based in vitro assays for screening intestinal drug transport and metabolism
