http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8923 public order
public order public policy (law)
International migration and security : opportunities and challenges
Crime, risk, security
Procedural law of the European Union
Policing in Europe
Democratic policing in transitional and developing countries
Crime types and criminals
Religion and the public order of the European Union
Extreme speech and democracy
The OECD DAC handbook on Security System Reform (SSR) : supporting security and justice
The new world disorder : reflections of a European
The common good
Introduction to law and legal thinking
Crime risks in Finland 2000 : Finnish results of the 2000 sweep of the international crime victims survey
Core statutes on public law and human rights
Privatizing policing : describing and explaining the growth of private security
The European Union and internal security : guardian of the people?
Selim III, social control and policing in Istanbul at the end of the eighteenth century : between crisis and order
Policing in Canada, India, Germany, Australia, Finland, and New Zealand : a comparative research study
European Union with Turkey : the possible impact of Turkey's membership on the European Union
Lacey, Wells and Quick Reconstructing criminal law : text and materials
Police and justice co-operation and the new European borders
Form and function in a legal system : a general study
The people's welfare : law and regulation in nineteenth-century America
Estonian law reform and global challenges : essays celebrating the tenth anniversary of the Institute of Law, University of Tartu
Policing post-conflict cities
The policing web
Preventive policing and security plans : the reception of new crime prevention strategies in three Finnish cities
"The 'Europeanisation' of the fight against crime is a broad and much-contested notion. This in-depth analysis of the role of the EU in fighting crime within the area of freedom, security and justice explores the impact of EU policies in the Member States, the progressive convergence of Member States' criminal law systems, the emergence of mutual recognition as an alternative to harmonization, and the incremental development of the ECJ's jurisdiction. The essays also explore the limitations inherent in EU counter-crime policies and the changes brought about by the introduction of the Treaty of Lisbon. These changes are discussed both collectively and within individual substantive areas in which the EU has taken an active role in fighting crime, such as corruption, money laundering, terrorism, organised crime and extradition"--
The disappearing state? : retrenchment realities in an age of globalisation
The general principles of EC law
Policing interwar Europe : continuity, change, and crisis, 1918-40
History, memory, and trans-European identity : unifying divisions
Summary in Dutch.
Crime within the area of freedom, security and justice : a European public order
The new policing
Arbitraž, ordre public i ugolovnoe pravo : (vzaimodejstvie meždunarodnogo i nacional'nogo častnogo i publičnogo prava) = Arbitration, ordre public and criminal law : (interaction of privateand publicinternational and domestic law). Tom 3= Volume 3
Safety crimes
Arbitraž, ordre public i ugolovnoe pravo : (vzaimodejstvie meždunarodnogo i nacional'nogo častnogo i publičnogo prava) = Arbitration, ordre public and criminal law : (interaction of privateand publicinternational and domestic law). Tom 2 = Volume 2
The political forms of modern society : bureaucracy, democracy, totalitarianism
The quality of life
Policing the future : 13th European Policing Executive Conference, International Association of Chiefs of Police
Community policing : a policing strategy for the 21st century
Domination and power in Guyana : a study of the police in a Third World context
Designing out crime
The law and order : an introduction to thinking about the nature of law
Arbitraž, ordre public i ugolovnoe pravo : (vzaimodejstvie meždunarodnogo i nacional'nogo častnogo i publičnogo prava) = Arbitration, ordre public and criminal law : (interaction of privateand publicinternational and domestic law). Tom 1 = Volume 1
Victimisation and fear in Finland 2003 : interim report of the 2003 national survey of victimisation to accidents, violence, property crime, and fear
The enterprise of law : justice without the state
Worlds in collision : terror and the future of global order
Abstract (s. 106).
Police, policing, policy and the city in Europe
Victimisation in Finland 1996 : survey findings from the Finnish part of the international victimisation survey
Policing in Finland : the cultural basis of law enforcement
Language change and linguistic theory. 2, Methodological, syntactic and typological change
Ronan McCrea offers the first comprehensive account of the role of religion within the public order of the European Union. He examines the facilitation and protection of individual and institutional religious freedom in EU law and the means through which the Union facilitates religious input and influence over law. In addition, the book draws attention to the limitations on religious influence over law and politics that are required by the Union. It shows the extent to which such limitations are identified as fundamental elements of the EU's public order and as prerequisites for membership. The Union seeks to balance its predominantly Christian religious heritage with an equally strong secular and humanist tradition by facilitating religion as a form of cultural identity while simultaneously limiting its political influence. Such balancing takes place in the context of the Union's limited legitimacy and its commitment to respect for Member State cultural autonomy. Deference towards the cultural role of religion at Member State level enables culturally-entrenched religions to exercise a greater degree of influence within the Union's public order than "outsider" faiths that lack a comparable cultural role. Placing the Union's approach to religion in the context of broader historical and sociological trends around religion in Europe and of contemporary debates around secularism, equal treatment, and the role of Islam in Europe, McCrea sheds light on the interaction between religion and EU law in the face of a shifting religious demographic.
The limits and the great escapes : modern legal justice in the mirror of systems theory
Copyright and human rights : freedom of expression, intellectual property, privacy
Social exclusion and the politics of order
Crowds in the 21st century : perspectives from contemporary social science
"In this book, Alice Hills discusses the interface between order and security. While analysts and donors emphasise security, Hills argues that order is much more meaningful for people's lives. Focusing on the police as both providers of order and a measure of its success, the book shows that order depends more on what has gone before than on reconstruction efforts and that tension is inevitable as donors attempt to reform brutal local policing." --Book Jacket.
Law-making in the international community
Silence and guilt : an assessment of case law on the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994
What does the world spend on criminal justice?
Globalisation, democracy and terrorism
