http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8937 religious persecutions
religious persecutions
Salvation at stake : Christian martyrdom in early modern Europe
"The Price of Freedom Denied shows that, contrary to popular opinion, ensuring religious freedom for all reduces violent religious persecution and conflict. Others have suggested that restrictions on religion are necessary to maintain order or preserve a peaceful religious homogeneity. Brian J. Grim and Roger Finke show that restricting religious freedoms is associated with higher levels of violent persecution. Relying on a new source of coded data for nearly 200 countries and case studies of six countries, the book offers a global profile of religious freedom and religious persecution. Grim and Finke report that persecution is evident in all regions and is standard fare for many. They also find that religious freedoms are routinely denied and that government and the society at large serve to restrict these freedoms. They conclude that the price of freedom denied is high indeed"--
One small suitcase
Witchcraft in America
For the glory of God : how monotheism led to reformations, science, witch-hunts, and the end of slavery
Witch hunting in southwestern Germany 1562-1684 : the social and intellectual foundations
The night battles : witchcraft & agrarian cults in the sixteenth & seventeenth centuries
Keeping the faith : Russian orthodox monasticism in the Soviet Union, 1917-1939
Light through the curtain : Poland, Czechoslovakia, USSR, Romania - testaments of faith and courage
Profani homines : the image of Christianity in the writings of the non-Christian Graeco-Roman elite in 260-313
Tibetans in exile, 1959-1969 ; a report on ten years of rehabilitation in India
Out of God's oven : travels in a fractured land
Witchcraft in Europe and the New World, 1400-1800
The price of freedom denied : religious persecution and conflict in the twenty-first century
The witches : Salem, 1692 : a history
White paper on religious freedom in North Korea 2015
The Vatican's holocaust : the sensational account of the most horrifying religious massacre of the 20th century
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
The Power and the glory
Arnobius of Sicca : religious conflict and competition in the age of Diocletian
The state of religion atlas
Contextualising early Christian martyrdom
Roman attitudes toward the Christians : from Claudius to Hadrian
The Inquisition was the most powerful disciplinary institution in the early modern world, responsible for 300,000 trials and over 1.5 million denunciations. How did it root itself in different social and ethnic environments? Why did it last for three centuries? What cultural, social and political changes led to its abolition? In this first global comparative study, Francisco Bethencourt examines the Inquisition's activities in Spain, Italy, Portugal and overseas Iberian colonies. He demonstrates that the Inquisition played a crucial role in the Catholic Reformation, imposing its own members in papal elections, reshaping ecclesiastical hierarchy, defining orthodoxy, controlling information and knowledge, influencing politics and framing daily life. He challenges both traditionalist and revisionist perceptions of the tribunal. Bethencourt shows the Inquisition as an ever evolving body, eager to enlarge jurisdiction and obtain political support to implement its system of values, but also vulnerable to manipulation by rulers, cardinals, and local social elites.
Islam and Dhimmitude : where civilizations collide
Persecution and resistance of Jehovah's Witnesses during the Nazi regime 1933-1945
The Cathars
Between resistance and martyrdom : Jehovah's Witnesses in the Third Reich
The last witch of Langenburg : murder in a German village
Church under the pressure of Stalinism : the development of the status and activities of Soviet Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church during 1944-1950
Power and the sacred in revolutionary Russia : religious activities in the village
Righteous persecution : inquisition, Dominicans, and Christianity in the Middle Ages
The Gestapo : the myth and reality of Hitler's secret police
Witches : a tale of sorcery, scandal and seduction
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Inquisitors from the Order of Preachers, or Dominicans, crafted and promoted Christian meanings for their persecution of heresy in medieval Europe. With a mixture of existing religious beliefs, new interpretations, and responses to criticism, Dominicans shaped a medieval Christianity that permitted-or demanded-inquisitorial repression.
The daylight gate
In the name of heaven : 3000 years of religious persecution
In search of Japan's hidden Christians : a story of suppression, secrecy and survival
Nine commentaries on the Communist Party
Holy fools
Investigation reports on the persecution of Falun Gong. Vol. 1.
The forgotten : Catholics of the Soviet Empire from Lenin through Stalin
Confronting genocide : Judaism, Christianity, Islam
The Daylight Gate
Holy horrors : an illustrated history or religious murder and madness
The Inquisition : a global history, 1478-1834
The Spanish inquisition
Father Arseny : a cloud of witnesses
An anatomy of terror : a history of terrorism
Religious refugees in the early modern world : an alternative history of the Reformation
Healing Memories : implications of the reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites
Voices from Tibet
Tortured for Christ : today's martyr Church
Crusade, heresy, and inquisition in the lands of the Crown of Aragon (c. 1167-1276)
The inquisition
New martyrs of the Turkish yoke
Meeting in Stuttgart, Germany, in 2010, the Eleventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) asked for forgiveness from members of the Anabaptist/Mennonite tradition for the wrongs going back to the beginnings of the Lutheran movement in the sixteenth century that had led to painful divisions between the two Christian families. The Mennonites accepted this apology and both communities committed themselves to move toward reconciliation. On the threshold of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, this publication brings together two reports: »Healing Memories: Reconciling in Christ« by the Lutheran-Mennonite International Study Commission and »Bearing Fruit – Implications of the 2010 Reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites/Anabaptists« by the LWF Task Force on Mennonite Action.
Martyrdom & Rome
Witch hunt : the persecution of witches in England
Between the devil and the host : imagining witchcraft in early modern Poland
Exploring one of Europe's last witch panics, historian Thomas Robisheaux brings to life the story of an entire world caught between superstition and modernity in a high-stakes drama that led to charges of sorcery and witchcraft against an entire family.
The Gunpowder Plot : terror & faith in 1605
Religious liberty in Eastern Europe and the USSR : before and after the great transformation
The Russian Orthodox Church underground, 1917-1970
Heresy, crusade and inquisition in medieval Quercy
Salem possessed : the social origins of witchcraft
For the first time in English, Michael Ostling tells the story of the imagined Polish witches, showing how ordinary peasant-women got caught in webs of suspicion and accusation, finally confessing under torture to the most heinous of crimes.
Eradicating the Devil's minions : Anabaptists and witches in Reformation Europe, 1525-1600
May one believe - in Russia? : violations of religious liberty in the Soviet Union
The Jehovah's Witnesses and the Nazis : persecution, deportation, and murder, 1933-1945
Freedom of expression : the acid test
Martyrdom from exegesis in Hippolytus : an early Church presbyter's commentary on Daniel
A history of Soviet atheism in theory and practice, and the believer. Vol. 2, Soviet antireligious campaigns and persecutions
Inquisitors and heretics in thirteenth-century Languedoc : edition and translation of Toulouse inquisition depositions, 1273-1282
Russian refuge : religion, migration, and settlement on the North American Pacific rim
The Soviet saints
The Oxford handbook of religion and violence
The trail of martyrdom : persecution and resistance in sixteenth-century England
Three generations of suffering
Listening to grasshoppers : field notes on democracy
Judging the French Reformation : heresy trials by sixteenth-century parlements
Witnesses for Christ : Orthodox Christian neomartyrs of the Ottoman period 1437-1860
The chronicle of the Catholic Church in Lithuania. Vol. 1, Underground journal of human rights violations. Nos. 1-9, 1972-74
The Baha'is of Iran : socio-historical studies
Christian persecution, martyrdom, and orthodoxy
Persecution and toleration in Protestant England, 1558-1689
Baal's priests : the loyalist clergy and the English Revolution
Heresy, magic, and witchcraft in early modern Europe
Patriarch and prophets : persecution of the Russian Orthodox Church today
The religious policy of the Stalinist state : a case study : the Central Standing Commission on Religious Questions, 1929-1938
World of witches & wizards
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Servants of Satan and masters of demons : the Spanish Inquisition's trials of superstition, Valencia and Barcelona, 1478-1700
The power and the glory
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
"Pulitzer Prize winner Stacy Schiff, author of the #1 bestseller Cleopatra, provides an electrifying, fresh view of the Salem witch trials... Along with suffrage and Prohibition, the Salem witch trials represent one of the few moments when women played the central role in American history. Drawing masterfully on the archives, Stacy Schiff introduces us to the strains on a Puritan adolescent's life and to the authorities whose delicate agendas were at risk. She illuminates the demands of a rigorous faith, the vulnerability of settlements adrift from the mother country, perched -- at a politically tumultuous time -- on the edge of what a visitor termed a 'remote, rocky, barren, bushy, wild-woody wilderness.' With devastating clarity, the textures and tensions of a colonial life emerge; hidden patterns subtly, startlingly detach themselves from the darkness. Schiff brings early American anxieties to the fore to align them brilliantly with our own. In an era of religious provocations, crowdsourcing, and invisible enemies, this enthralling story makes more sense than ever. The Witches is Schiff's riveting account of a seminal episode, a primal American mystery unveiled -- in crackling detail and lyrical prose -- by one of our most acclaimed historians"
Martyrdom and persecution in the early Church : a study of a conflict from the Maccabees to Donatus
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
