http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8936 religious discrimination
religious discrimination
In Calvin's Company of Pastors, Scott Manetsch examines the pastoral theology and practical ministry activities of Geneva's reformed ministers from the time of Calvin's arrival in Geneva until the beginning of the seventeenth century.
European Union non-discrimination law : comparative perspectives on multidimensional equality law
The varieties of religious repression : why governments restrict religion
The Apostates : when Muslims leave Islam
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
Church under the pressure of Stalinism : the development of the status and activities of Soviet Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church during 1944-1950
Persecution and pluralism : Calvinists and religious minorities in early modern Europe 1550-1700
Most surveys of religious tolerance and intolerance start from the medieval and early modern period, either passing over or making brief mention of discussions of religious moderation and coercion in Greco-Roman antiquity. Here Maijastina Kahlos widens the historical perspective to encompass late antiquity, examining ancient discussions of religious moderation and coercion in their historical contexts. The relations and interactions between various religious groups, especially pagans and Christians, are scrutinized, and the stark contrast often drawn between a tolerant polytheism and an intolerant Christianity is replaced by a more refined portrait of the complex late antique world.
Man's dominion : religion and the eclipse of women's rights in world politics
Martin Luther King : [from minister to civil rights leader]
Discrimination in the Finnish labor market : an overview and a field experiment on recruitment
Conflict and politics of identity in Sudan
The state of religion atlas
Church and state in Namibia : the politics of reconciliation
Aspects of life in Estonia : religious persecution
Early modern European civilization and its political and cultural dynamism
The Holocaust and Catholic conscience : Cardinal Aloisius Muench and the guilt question in Germany
Talk about racism
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
The legal status of the Arabs in Israel
Forbearance and compulsion : the rhetoric of religious tolerance and intolerance in late antiquity
China's forgotten people : Xinjiang, terror and the Chinese state
Gender and women's leadership : a reference handbook
Offering fresh perspectives on perennial questions of ethnicity, race, nationalism, and religion, Rogers Brubaker analyzes three forces that shape the politics of diversity and multiculturalism today: inequality as a public concern, biology as an asserted basis of racial and ethnic difference, and religion as a key terrain of public contestation.
Scotland's shame? : bigotry and sectarianism in modern Scotland
Affirming diversity : the sociopolitical context of multicultural education
The Yezidis : the history of a community, culture and religion
There is no crime for those who have Christ : religious violence in the Christian Roman Empire
The new religious intolerance : overcoming the politics of fear in an anxious age
Readings for diversity and social justice
Out of God's oven : travels in a fractured land
Demonizing the other : antisemitism, racism and xenophobia
Grounds for difference
Islam and Dhimmitude : where civilizations collide
Inexcusable absence : why 60 million girls still aren't in school and what to do about it
The Kurds : nationalism and politics
The equal opportunities handbook : how to recognise diversity, encourage fairness and promote anti-discriminatory practice
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
"Readings for Diversity and Social Justice is the market leading anthology to cover the full scope of social oppression from a social justice standpoint. With full sections dedicated to racism, sexism, classism, heterosexism, and ableism, as well as transgenderism, ethno-religious oppression, and adult and ageism, this bestselling text goes far beyond the range of traditional readers. New essay selections in each section have been carefully chosen to keep topic coverage timely and readings accessible and engaging for students. The interactions among these topics are highlighted throughout to stress the interconnections among oppressions in everyday life.Each thematic section is divided into three parts: Contexts, Personal Voices, and Next Steps and Actions. The first two parts provide vivid portraits of the meaning of diversity and the realities of oppression. The third part challenges the reader to take action to end oppressive behavior and affirm diversity and social justice. Retaining the key features and organization that has made Readings for Diversity and Social Justice an indispensable text for teaching issues of social justice while simultaneously updating and expanding its coverage, this new edition features:Strong and accessible section introductions to highlight key points and relate the essential concepts of any given topic to other forms of oppression. Updated sections to include new accessible, engaging and poignant selections that maximize student engagement. Contextual pieces to theorize structural inequality; personal narratives to provide vivid portraits of "difference" and "otherness"; and next steps to challenge the reader to take action. An emphasis on the interconnectedness of social identity and social inequality throughout.An alternative, thematic table of contents.An updated companion website with additional resources, including videos, further suggested readings, and teaching materials"--
Equality, freedom, and religion
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
World of faith and freedom : why international religious liberty is vital to American national security
Supporting student's identities and inclusion in minority religious and secular ethics education : a studty on plurality in the Finnish comprehensive school
The first major study of apostasy from Islam in the western secular context. Drawing on life-history interviews with ex-Muslims from the UK and Canada, Simon Cottee explores how and with what consequences Muslims leave Islam and become irreligious.
Religious legal traditions, international human rights law and Muslim states
Mysticism and dissent : religious ideology and social protest in the sixteenth century
The challenge of religious discrimination at the dawn of the new millennium
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
Calvin's company of pastors : pastoral care and the emerging Reformed Church, 1536-1609
Unequal Britain : equalities in Britain since 1945
Thinking through islamophobia
Report on Member States' legal provisions to combat discrimination
Pray the gay away : the extraordinary lives of Bible belt gays
Protection of minorities in Bangladesh : a legal assessment
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
Persecution and resistance of Jehovah's Witnesses during the Nazi regime 1933-1945
Scotland's foremost composer, James MacMillan, accused his country of being a land of "sleep-walking bigotry" where "visceral anti-Catholicism" disfigures national life. Clearly MacMillan had touched a nerve. Was Scotland really "Northern Ireland without the guns and bullets?" Although the debate was intense, however, few contributions rose above the level of swapping competing anecdotes. It became clear there was a need for more reflective assessments and for hard evidence to confirm or deny the many assertions made in the course of the discussion. This text tackles the issues MacMillan raised head on. Both Catholic and Protestant perspectives are represented. MacMillan's lecture is printed in the book together with his own reaction to the media storm which it provoked.
Law and the wearing of religious symbols : European bans on the wearing of religious symbols in education
Religious freedom, religious discrimination, and the workplace
Quakers, Jews, and science : religious responses to modernity and the sciences in Britain, 1650-1900
