http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8931 release
release liberation
A history of the rise and abolition of slavery in the Americas covers such topics as the plantation revolution of the seventeenth century, the emergence of anti-slavery thought, and the contributions of such figures as Thomas Paine and Frederick Douglass.
Of love and shadows
Never follow the wolf : the autobiography of a Namibian freedom fighter
The future of liberation theology : an argument and manifesto
Emancipation and Reconstruction, 1862-1879
The American crucible : slavery, emancipation and human rights
Finnikin of the Rock
Colonization after Emancipation : Lincoln and the movement for black resettlement
Liberating exegesis : the challenge of liberation theology to biblical studies
The gay and lesbian liberation movement
The Red King's forces have been defeated. The twisted Blue King is dead. Just as the rebellion gains momentum, shocking news distracts Sarasa-- her mother is alive and General Kazan's prisoner! Setting their larger goals aside, 'Tatara's' allies unite in a quest to rescue Tatara's mother / WorldCat.
Liberation theology : the essential facts about the revolutionary movement in Latin America and beyond
Thanks to God and the revolution : popular religion and class consciousness in the new Nicaragua
Towards a common Dalit ideology
Froi of the exiles
Freedom of the Baltics, responsibility of Europe : searching the ways  for liberation of the Baltic States : civil protest and the European Parliament in 1979-1983
The Icarus agenda
Escape from the Third Reich : Folke Bernadotte and the white buses
'Mau Mau' detainee : the account by a Kenya African of his experiences in detention camps 1953-60
Free at last! : the impact of freed slaves on the Roman empire
Liberation theology : a documentary history
Wild orchids
Liberation theology
Eleven days in August : the liberation of Paris in 1944
Liberation theology in Tanzania and South Africa : a first world interpretation
Freedom : the underground railroad
Black watch : liberating Europe and catching Himmler : my extraordinary WW2 with highland division
Kamaladevi Chattopadhyaya : portrait of a rebel
Visual genders, visual histories : a special issue of Gender & history
Essays on labour demand and wage formation
Aryan invasion myth, a threat to national integrity : Mughalastan, Dalitstan movements - ISI & terrorism in India
Woman's estate
Even silence has an end
By force and fear : taking and breaking monastic vows in early modern Europe
Trinity and salvation : theological, spiritual, and aesthetic perspectives
East Timor : the price of liberty
Trinity and society
The Angolan revolution. 1, The anatomy of an explosion (1950-1962)
A theology for the social gospel
Ecotheology : voices from South and North
Liberation theology : an introductory reader
We drink from our own wells : the spiritual journey of a people
Towards a new South Africa : a field study report on church and social change
Church : charism and power : liberation theology and the institutional church
The legend of Zelda : the wind waker HD : Wii U.
Foreigners : [three English lives]
P. L. O. (Palestine Liberation Organization) : a profile
To take arms : a year in the provisional IRA
P.L.O : ideology, positions and deeds
Preaching liberation ; James H. Harris
Mysterium liberationis : fundamental concepts of liberation theology
Liberation and Orthodoxy : The Promise and Failures of Interconfessional Dialogue ; Yacob Tesfai
Learning to question : a pedagogy of liberation
Imperial freedmen and Roman society : a study on the social standing of imperial freedmen as expressed in literary and epigraphic sources in the early Roman Empire
The reemergence of liberation theologies : models for the twenty-first century
Walking on thorns : the call to Christian obedience
Gender, manumission, and the Roman freedwoman
Abstract.
The struggle for Africa
Conflict and context : Hermeneutics in the Americas : A report on The Context and Hermeneutics in the Americas Conference sponsored by Theological Students Fellowsip and the Latin American Theological Fraternity. Tlayacapan, Mexico, November 24-29, 1983 ; Mark Lau Branson, C. René Padilla (ed.)
A theology of liberation : history, politics and salvation
A black theology of liberation
How did freed slaves reinvent themselves after the shackles of slavery had been lifted? How were they reintegrated into society, and what was their social position and status? What contributions did they make to the society that had once - sometimes brutally - repressed them? This collection builds on recent dynamic work on Roman freedmen, the contributors drawing upon a rich and varied body of evidence - visual, literary, epigraphic and archaeological - to elucidate the impact of freed slaves on Roman society and culture amid the shadow of their former servitude. The contributions span the period between the first century BC and the early third century AD and survey the territories of the Roman Republic and Empire, while focusing on Italy and Rome.
Colonization after Emancipation reveals an unexplored chapter of the Emancipation story. A valuable contribution to Lincoln studies and Civil War history, this book unearths the facts about an ill-fated project and illuminates just how complex, even convoluted, Abraham Lincoln's ideas about the end of slavery really were.
Choosing life
Froi and his companions travel through Charyn to find Quintana and build an army to secure her unborn child's right to rule, an effort that culminates in an ultimate showdown with Isaboe of Lumatere.
The Wood Queen
Faith of a people : the story of a Christian community in El Salvador, 1970-1980
Abraham Lincoln and the road to emancipation, 1861-1865
Introducing liberation theology
The Marine 2
At the water's edge : a novel
The Unarmed Anti-Soviet Resistance in Lithuania in the 1950s and 1960s
Liberation sociology
Ten years after he pledges an oath in blood to protect Lumatere, Finnikin's cursed kingdom is at the mercy of a murderous imposter. He and his mentor must enlist the help of Evanjalin, an enigmatic young woman who claims the heir to the throne still lives. As Finnikin fights for the truth, he must also contend with his own feelings for her.
Quintana of Charyn
Zimbabwe news : Official organ of the Zimbabwe African national union
The emancipation of the serfs in Russia : peace arbitrators and the development of civil society
You shall not steal : community and property in the biblical tradition
The Bible and the hermeneutics of liberation
Movement or moment? : assessing liberation theology forty years after Medellín
The Finnish payroll tax cut experiment revisited
Operation Thunderbolt : flight 139 and the raid on Entebbe Airport, the most audacious hostage rescue mission in history
Salvation and liberation
Power to the powerless : theology brought to life
Essential care : an ethics of human nature
Journey to Munich
At the water's edge
Even silence has an end : [my six years of captivity in the Columbian jungle]
Woman's Estate is a compilation of several essays written by Juliet Mitchell in the late 1960's and in 1970, combined with new material that both connects the older essays and elaborates upon the implications of Mitchell's arguments. Mitchell describes the women's liberation movement (the term she uses to designate the most progressive wing of the women's movement) as the vanguard of radical political activism in the late 1960's. She likewise sees it as the key element in a new revolutionary political movement.
Third world liberation theologies. A reader
The new states of West Africa
Gay and lesbian liberation as a sexual freedom movement, as a political movement, and as a movement of ideas - historical roots, legal issues and links with other movements. The author emphasises the role of women.
Declared dead in the 1990s, liberation theology is very much alive and well today across the globe. This book brings together prominent voices from the global North and South to present brief analyses of liberation theology's future. It includes leaders in the field along with the newest voices. Each of these pieces was presented in the American Academy of Religion in the first five years of the Liberation Theologies Consultation. This book aims to reach a wider audience of undergraduates and graduates in religious studies and theology to provoke discussion of the future of liberation theology. As the consultation itself stated, the two themes of this book are: cross-over dialogue - between contexts and between disciplines; and reflection on the implications of liberationist discourse for the transformation of theology itself.
Women and revolution in Nicaragua
High noon
To be born a nation : the liberation struggle for Namibia
An alternative vision : an interpretation of liberation theology
Pastoral care and liberation theology
