http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8934 road traffic
road traffic
New road types : summary on test roads in Finland
Application of magnetic, geochemical and micro-morphological methods in environmental studies of urban pollution generated by road traffic
Challenge and opportunities for tomorrow
The analysis of economic costs and expenses in road and rail transport
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet = Road traffic accidents. 2003.
Afghanistan's transport sector : on the road to recovery
Behavioural adaptations to changes in the road transport system
Welfare, externalities and taxation : theory and some road transport applications
Abstract (s. 4). Executive summary (s. 5).
Intelligent road
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet vuonna. 1975 = Road traffic accidents in Finland. 1975
Transport and tourism : global perspectives
Finnish Railway Statistics
European rules concerning road traffic, signs and signals : Vienna 1968 - Geneva 1971.
Abstract (s. 5). Summary and conclusions (s. 7-8).
Environmental impact assessment of roads : report
Abstract (s. 4). Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet vuonna. 1983 = Road traffic accidents in Finland. 1983
Financing transportation networks
Road traffic : the German experience
Road traffic : law and practice
Driving spaces : a cultural-historical geography of England's M1 Motorway
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus v. 1962 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1942 alkaen : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1942 = Road traffic accidents in Finland
Intelligent road : road user survey report : insights from Finnish Lapland
Research on wild life accidents on roads (VIOL) : a progress report
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
Third International Road Weather Conference : Tampere, Finland 24th February 1986.
Targeted road safety programmes : report
Tietilasto 1996 = Vägstatistik 1996 = Finnish road statistics 1996.
Snelweg : highways in the Netherlands
A master plan for guide signs along the Via Baltica Route
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet. 2000 = Road traffic accidents. 2000
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Tietilasto 1997 = Vägstatistik 1997 = Finnish road statistics 1997.
Lowe's transport mananger ́s & operator's handbook 2014
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Road Traffic Monitoring Using Noise Sensor Networks;Vehicle Speed Detection
4rail.net : railroad reference
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Route guidance and in-car communication systems
Uncertainty in the operational analysis of two-lane highways
European Groupage Network : case: DSV Daily Pallet
Road traffic noise : Nordic Prediction Method
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Via Baltica : a five-year investment program
Kitchin's road transport law 1981 : a summary of the legislation affecting the construction, equipment and use of motor vehicles
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Regulation of the Use and Protection of Public Roads
Hämeen linna - Suomen tieverkon keskipiste = The Häme Castle - centrepoint of Finland's road network
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
Why does policy change? : lessons from British transport policy 1945-99
Road transport
Capacity and level of service on Finnish two-lane highways
Technico-economic analysis of the role of road freight transport : report
Focusing on environmental pressures from long-distance transport : TERM: transport indicators tracking progress towards environmental targets in Europe
Energy savings and road traffic management
The market penetration of biomethane as natural gas substitute in the German transport sector
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
The enigma of automobility : democratic plitics and pollution control
Integrated traffic safety management in urban areas
Capacity of at-grade junctions : a report
On the road
Road traffic offenders and crime policy
Abstract (s. 4).
Road haulage by motor in Britain : the first forty years
Transporting hazardous goods by road : road transport research
Road freight transport between EEC member states : a feasibility study for a system of price indices
OECD road safety research : a synthesis
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Traffic capacity of major routes : report
Road transport informatics : institutional and legal issues : study drawn up for ECMT and ERTICO
Abstract (s. 4). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 115-119).
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus v. 1959 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1941 alkaen : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1941 = Road traffic accidents in Finland
Road strengthening in Central and Eastern European countries : report prepared by an OECD scientific expert group
Guidelines for improving the safety of elderly road users : report
Trans-European networks : towards a master plan for the road network and road traffic
Road traffic reduction act 1997 : 1997 chapter 54
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Seminar on the interface between air and land transport in Europe
Guide to the provisions applying to the international carriage of passengers by road by means of occasional coach and bus services
Intelligent vehicle highway systems : review of field trials : report prepared by an OECD scientific expert group
International carriage of goods by road : CMR
Abstract (s. 5). - Executive summary (s. 6-8).
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Guide for government officials and carriers on the use of the ECMT multilateral quota = Manuel à l'usage des fonctionnaires et des transporteurs utilisant le contingent multilatéral CEMT
Electrical properties of road materials and subgrade soils and the use of Ground Penetrating Radar in traffic infrastructure surveys
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Twentieth-century sprawl : highways and the reshaping of the American landscape
Second European Conference on Weigh-in-motion of road vehicles organised by the Management Committee of the COST323 action : [pre-proceedings]
Dynamic traffic management in urban and suburban road systems : report
Forecast of emissions from road traffic in the European Communities
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Fair and intelligent transport : working group final report
Goods transport by road
Brazil : general railroads : Brazil : telegraphic lines
