http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8930 becoming released
becoming released becoming liberated
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Hell before their very eyes : American soldiers liberate concentration camps in Germany, April 1945
Emancipation and Reconstruction, 1862-1879
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Colonization after Emancipation : Lincoln and the movement for black resettlement
Eighteen-year-old Jamie Cole has recently been released from juvenile detention after serving time for murder. A former car thief, Jamie is now determined to go straight. As he struggles to get his life on track, the last thing he expects is to meet Ellie Pearce. Ellie, a bright and vivacious 17-year old, has just ended a long-term relationship with the star of her school's football team, Miles. Their relationship seemed picture-perfect, but Miles was possessive and emotionally abusive in private. After years of feeling caged, she's ready to break away, and the last thing she wants is something serious. She spends the night with Jamie and agrees to see him on a casual basis - but soon they both have to admit there's nothing casual about their chemistry. The original Wattpad sensation - fully revised and with brand new content.
Jivanmukti in transformation : embodied liberation in Advaita and neo-Vedanta
Food security and trade : a GTAP study of how agricultural trade protection affects food security in developing countries
Biopolymer-based nanoparticles for drug delivery
Then they came for me : a story of injustice and survival in Iran's most notorious prison
Tuesday's child
Fighting to be free
Societies after slavery : a select annotated bibliography of printed sources on Cuba, Brazil, British colonial Africa, South Africa, and the British West Indies
External signal-activated liposomal drug delivery systems
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Masculity and the ethos of sexual liberation
Trade, globalization and sustainability impact assessment : a critical look at methods and outcomes
Gender and salvation : Jaina debates on the spiritual liberation of women
Gender and slave emancipation in the Atlantic world
Consumer interest in free trade revisited : interpreting reactions of four consumer organizations
The Determinants of Currency and Financial Crises in Developing Countries : An Empirical Approach
Froi of the exiles
Outcomes of the deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products: A review on reported evidence in Finland and other countries
Sweet water and bitter : the ships that stopped the slave trade
Chemometric methods in pharmaceutical tablet development and manufacturing unit operations
Energy market liberalisation in the FSU : simulations with the GTAP model
Lighting the eighth fire : the liberation, resurgence, and protection of Indigenous Nations
The Trobriandization of the Western world : Bronislaw Malinowski and the sexual revolution
"Junior year is going to be the best ever for slacker Mike until he loses his girlfriend, gets roped into school activities, and becomes totally confused about his sexual orientation after sharing a drunken kiss with a guy." / Library of Congress.
Biopharmaceutical evaluation of microcrystalline chitosan as release-rate-controlling hydrophilic polymer in granules for gastro-retentive drug delivery
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
Freedom rising : human empowerment and the quest for emancipation
Tap : Special edition
Not wholly free : the concept of manumission and the status of manumitted slaves in the ancient Greek world
The end of slavery in Africa and the Americas : a comparative approach
Transitions in Namibia : which changes for whom?
Antioxidant release from synthetic bioabsorbable polymer films
Duty and quota-free access for LDCs : further evidence from CGE modelling
Trade, product variety and welfare : a quantitative assessment for the transition economies in Central and Eastern Europe
"This book presents a comprehensive theory of why human freedom gave way to increasing oppression since the invention of states - and why this trend began to reverse itself more recently, leading to a rapid expansion of universal freedoms and democracy. Drawing on a massive body of evidence, the author tests various explanations of the rise of freedom, providing convincing support of a well-reasoned theory of emancipation. The study demonstrates multiple trends toward human empowerment, which converge to give people control over their lives. Most important among these trends is the spread of "emancipative values," which emphasize free choice and equal opportunities. The author identifies the desire for emancipation as the origin of the human empowerment trend and shows when and why this desire grows strong; why it is the source of democracy; and how it vitalizes civil society, feeds humanitarian norms, enhances happiness, and helps redirect modern civilization toward sustainable development"--
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
Dealing with nervousness
In Tears to Triumph, the author argues that we-as a culture and as individuals-have learned to avoid facing pain. By doing so, we are neglecting the spiritual work of healing. Instead of allowing ourselves to embrace our hurt, we numb it, medicate it, dismiss it, or otherwise divert our attention so that we never have to face it. In refusing to acknowledge our suffering, we actually prolong it and deny ourselves the opportunity for profound wisdom-ultimately limiting our personal growth and opportunity for enlightenment. Frozen by denial, we are left standing in the breech. Whole industries profit from this immobility, and while they have grown rich, we have become spiritually poorer. As Marianne makes clear, true healing and transcendence can only come when we finally face our pain and wrestle with what it has to teach us. Written with warm compassion and profound wisdom, Tears to Triumph offers us a powerful way forward through the pain, to a deeper awareness of our feelings, our lives, and our true selves.
Beyond slavery : explorations of race, labor, and citizenship in postemancipation societies
Funny Once : stories
Your sacred self : making the decision to be free
The four agreements companion book : using the four agreements to master the dream of your life : a Toltec wisdom book
Self, society and womankind : the dialectic of liberation
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
The pathologies of individual freedom : Hegel's social theory
Trade liberalization and trade preferences
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
Ex-con. [Vol. 1], Fading lights
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
Elijah of Buxton
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (4 s.).
Outcomes of the deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products : a review on reported evidence in Finland and other countries
How risky is financial liberalization in the developing countries?
Anatomy of a miracle : the end of apartheid and the birth of the new South Africa
The brighter side
The outcast
Deregulation in placement services : a comparative study for eight EU countries
The telecoms trade war : the United States, the European Union, and the World Trade Organisation
Liberalised electricity markets : strengths and weaknesses in Finland and Nordpool
Lake-atmosphere greenhouse gas exchange in relation to atmospheric forcing and lake biogeochemistry
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Gender liberalisation and polarisation : comparing sexuality in St. Petersburg, Finland and Sweden
Forest of the pygmies
The use of human rights arguments in the debate for and against the liberalisation of trade
The Russian electricity sector : the current state of the liberalisation process
Price transmission and import demand in the wake of trade liberalisation in Ghana
An integrated approach to agricultural trade and development issues : exploring the welfare and distribution issues
Summary (s. 5).
Fiercely loyal to the Queen and Finnikin, Froi has been taken roughly and lovingly in hand by the Guard sworn to protect the royal family but is soon sent on a secretive mission to the kingdom of Charyn where he must unravel both the dark bonds of kinship and the mysteries of a half-mad princess / WorldCat.
Some trade liberalisation options for Sri Lanka : looking beyond SAARC
Global Perspectives on Re-Entry
American swing
Enhancement and characterization of films for barrier and release applications
The Longman companion to slavery, emancipation and civil rights
Tears to triumph : the spiritual journey from suffering to enlightenment
Life during wartime
Approval addiction : overcoming your need to please everyone
Liberalization and foreign policy
The lollipop shoes
The Radleys
This remarkable collection of essays by leading Indigenous scholars focuses on the themes of freedom, liberation and Indigenous resurgence as they relate to the land.
Colonization after Emancipation reveals an unexplored chapter of the Emancipation story. A valuable contribution to Lincoln studies and Civil War history, this book unearths the facts about an ill-fated project and illuminates just how complex, even convoluted, Abraham Lincoln's ideas about the end of slavery really were.
Passages to freedom : the Underground Railroad in history and memory
Physical characterization of chitosan powders and their functioning as sustained release tablet matrix for propranolol hydrochloride
Challenges of EC financial services liberalisation for prudential supervision
Whatever : a novel
Walking away from terrorism : accounts of disengagement from radical and extremist movements
Education for critical consciousness
The African-American family in slavery and emancipation
Liberation sociology
The birth of the pill : how four pioneers reinvented sex and launched a revolution
A cupboard full of coats
In vitro evaluation of microcrystalline chitosan (MCCh) as gel-forming excipient in matrix granules
Development of multiple-unit oral formulations for colon-specific drug delivery using enteric polymers and organic acids as excipients
Interneteconomics.net : macroeconomics, deregulation, and innovation
For the love of God, Marie!
The adventures of Jodelle
Pellervo Economic Research Institute Seminar : "Millennium Round of WTO Negotiations and International Agricultural Trade" : November 5, 1999, Helsinki, Finland
Modern sex : liberation and its discontents
Trends in income distribution in the post-world war II period : evidence and interpretation
The two minute rule
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
Soviet and Russian press coverage of the United States : press, politics and identity in transition
Conversations with myself
External liberalization, economic performance, and distribution in Latin America and elsewhere
Slavery, freedom, and the law in the Atlantic world : a brief history with documents
The state, regulation and the economy : an historical perspective
Do it like a woman... and change the world
A new world for women : Stella Browne: socialist feminist
A dream of ice
Making good : how ex-convicts reform and rebuild their lives
Rehabilitation, crime and justice
