http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8956 technological development
technological development
The process of technological change : new technology and social choice in the workplace
An introduction to technical development in Japanese agriculture
Technological transformation in the Third World. Vol. 2, Africa
Nature and impact of the green revolution in Bangladesh
The collapse of work
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
Silicon Valley. The complete second season
Jobs, technology and people
Technological transformation of developing countries : some issues for discussion and preliminary ideas for action at the national and international levels in the 1980s : a paper based on informal consultations organized by UNCTAD, Geneva, January, 1978
Information system specialist predispositions
Technology, economic growth and public policy : a RAND Corporation and Brookings Institution study
European Research Area in the making : the case of the forest-based sector technology platform
Technological transformation in the Third World. Vol. 3, Latin America
Understanding media : the extensions of man
This book presents a cultural perspective on scientific and technological development. As opposed to the "story-lines" of economic innovation and social construction that tend to dominate both the popular and scholarly literature on science, technology and society (or STS), the authors offer an alternative approach, devoting special attention to the role played by social and cultural movements in the making of science and technology.They show how social and cultural movements, from the Renaissance of the late 15th century to the environmental and global justice movements of our time, have provided contexts, or sites, for mixing scientific knowledge and technical skills from different fields and social domains into new combinations, thus fostering what the authors term a "hybrid imagination." Such a hybrid imagination is especially important today, as a way to counter the competitive and commercial "hubris" that is so much taken for granted in contemporary science and engineering discourses and practices with a sense of cooperation and social responsibility. The book portrays the history of science and technology as an underlying tension between hubris - literally the ambition to "play god" on the part of many a scientist and engineer and neglect the consequences - and a hybrid imagination, connecting scientific "facts" and technological "artifacts" with cultural understanding.The book concludes with chapters on the recent transformations in the modes of scientific and technological production since the Second World War and the contending approaches to "greening" science and technology in relation to the global quest for sustainable development. The book is based on a series of lectures that were given by Andrew Jamison at the Technical University of Denmark in 2010 and draws on the authors' many years of experience in teaching non-technical, or contextual knowledge, to science and engineering students. The book has been written as part of the Program of Research on Opportunities and Challenges in Engineering Education in Denmark (PROCEED) supported by the Danish Strategic Research Council from 2010 to 2013.
The transfer and creation of technology in the world economy with special reference to the mining and forest sectors
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Technological change, rationalisation and industrial relations
Technological change and regional development
Technological perspectives on behavioral change
Technology and developing countries : practical applications, theoretical issues
Knowing machines : essays on technical change
The mechanical messiah and other marvels of the modern age
Economic approaches to innovation
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Conceptualizing technological change : theoretical and empirical explorations
Shaping technology/building society : studies in sociotechnicat change
The industries of the future
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Techonological forecasting in perspective : a framework for technical forecasting, its techniques and organisation; a description of activities and annotated bibliography
Understanding the nanotechnology revolution
Equal opportunities and new information technologies : evaluation report on the projects 1987-1989
Being human in a technological age
The digitalisation of social representations : the influence of the evolution of communication technology on the development of shared ideas
Technological capability in the Third World
Measuring reverse salience in technological systems
1000 inventions and discoveries
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
The dynamic analysis of innovation and diffusion : a study in process control
This book investigates the EU's regional growth dynamics and, in particular, the reasons why peripheral and socio-economically disadvantaged areas have persistently failed to catch up with the rest of the Union. It shows that the capability of the knowledge-based growth model to deliver its expected benefits to these areas crucially depends on tackling a specific set of socio-institutional factors which prevents innovation from being effectively translated into economic growth. The book takes an eclectic approach to the territorial genesis of innovation and regional growth by combining different theoretical strands into one model of empirical analysis covering the whole EU-25. An in-depth comparative analysis with the United States is also included, providing significant insights into the distinctive features of the European process of innovation and its territorial determinants. The evidence produced in the book is extensively applied to the analysis of EU development policies.
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
Dualism and discontinuity in industrial societies
The lever of riches : technological creativity and economic progress
Networks and technology development
Visions of a technological future : experience and expectation of progress in the interwar United States
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
Technological transformation of developing countries : some issues for discussion and preliminary ideas for action at the national and international levels in the 1980s
Innovation and regional growth in the European Union  : advances in spatial science
Development of military technology and its impact on the Finnish land warfare doctrine : documentation
The new academic librarian : essays on changing roles and responsibilities
Theatre and performance in digital culture : from simulation to embeddedness
Technical change, innovations and technological causality : an empirical and philosophical enquiry
Designing connected products : UX for the consumer internet of things
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Integrated Multichannel Customer Service Plan For Stark
New methods of processing personal data vs. professional secrecy of lawyers difficult relation?: data protection perspective
Humanistic perspectives on technology, development and environment : [papers from a conference in Oslo 03.-06.10.1991]
Development of the Tertiary Sector : A Comparative Analysis Between BRIC Countries and Select Developed Economies
Innovation in a reinvented world : 10 essential elements to succeed in the new world of business
Mobile phone revolution in the tundra? : Technological change among Russian reindeer nomads
Capitalism and automation : revolution in technology and capitalist breakdown
The computer revolution and the arts
Consumers in the country : technology and social change in rural America
Technological trends and employment. 1, Basic consumer goods
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
Agents of change : managing the introduction of automated tools
High technology from Finland 1989
Communication technology update
Technology and war : from 2000 B.C. to the present
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
The thin line between ambitious and modest designs in new technology introduction : case study evidence on the wood-containing printing paper industry
Technology and transformation : facilitating knowledge networks in Eastern Europe
Demonstrates how knowledge management can be used to enhance business processes. It focuses on the need to develop collaborative knowledge networks, which are increasingly global in nature and which support people with the technology needed to work across distance to foster the innovation needed to remain competitive in global environments.
Technical change and full employment
Enabling innovation : a practical guide to understanding and fostering technological change
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
Seminar on technology transfer and development, 31 October - 16 November 1988, Beijing, China P.R
Managing technological innovation : competitive advantage from change
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
Technological change in a spatial context : theory, empirical evidence and policy
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Conference on High Technology and Society, Turku 16.5.1990
The impact of new technology on local employment : a study of progress and effect on jobs in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Technological progress towards sustainable development
Breaking frame : technology and the visual arts in the nineteenth century
Creating and communicating technology foresight : differences between various types of technology study
Technical change and economic policy : science and technology in the new economic and social context
The emergence and institutionalisation of technology assessment in Finland
Serial innovators : firms that change the world
Information services today : an introduction
Lawyers unlike many other professions are obliged to secure confidentiality and secrecy of all they get to know when providing their services. It means that they should act with greater care every time they decide to make use of a service, especially Internet-based one. Taking about lawyers in media society would be incomplete without paying attention to the rules of undertaking certain actions by lawyers themselves being a part of such society. Polish perspective and level of awareness of Polish lawyers in that field should also be taken into account in the discussion of new reality since the general idea of lawyers and media society concerns in fact lawyers providing legal aid in every country..
Cultural Babbage : technology, time and invention
Quality innovation : an economic analysis of rapid improvements in microelectronic components
Finnish Science Barometer
Videogames and art
The technological transformation of China
Innovator's dilemmas - two case studies about difficulty of giving birth to technological innovation
Economics and technical change
Technology and the future of the work
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
National IP strategies - a comprehensive approach in developing the IP sector
Low-Tech Light-Tech High-Tech : building in the information age
Population and technology
Technological change at work
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
New technologies challenging old structures of governance : STAGE Finnish anchoring case
Technological communities and networks : triggers and drivers for innovation
The international patent system and the transfer of technology to Africa
Winning the next war
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Obscene profits : the entrepreneurs of pornography in the cyber age
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Technologies & society : the shaping of people and things
Trade and innovation : theory and evidence
A hybrid imagination : science and technology in cultural perspective
Use of technology in the recruitment process : Norwegian and Polish HR market trends
Engines of creation
Democracy and new technology
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
Modern banking solutions changing business and people
101 design methods : a structured approach for driving innovation in your organization
The reconstruction of social meaning in the space of flows
Education for the future : the case for radical change
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
Technological transformation in the Third World. Vol. 1, Asia
The trouble with technology : explorations in the process of technological change
A guide for successful innovation planning. It is suitable for strategists, managers, designers, and researchers who undertake the challenge of innovation, despite a lack of established procedures and a high risk of failure.
Knowledge management : organizing knowledge based enterprises
Japanese civilization in the modern world X : technology
"The new essays on today's academic librarians examine above all their functions and responsibilities. From digital resources and special collections, to web development and new outreach initiatives, the topics covered by the essays in this book will reassure new librarians and stimulate prospective librarians as they realize the enhanced and varied positions that are available"--
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Technology and social process
Technoshifts : meeting the challenge of technological change
Handbook of organizational and entrepreneurial ingenuity / edited by Benson Honig, Joseph Lambel, Israel Drori
Farmer perspectives on the usefulness of technologies introduced by on-farm research : the case of the TARP II-SUA programme
Innovation development to new business in incumbent firms : a case study on the pharmaceutical companies in Finland
Silicon Valley. The complete third season
Technology and its impact on the family
"A unique introduction for general readers to the underlying concepts of nanotechnology, covering a wide spectrum ranging from biology to quantum computing. The material is simply presented and includes a few mathematical equations, but not mathematical derivations. It also outlines the major contributions to modern technology of physics-based nanophysical devices, such as the atomic clock, global positioning systems, and magnetic resonance imaging"--Publisher description.
Finnish building technology
Finnish securities settlement and custody servicing is undergoing a major reform. The timetable is tight. The controlled execution of the projects, on time, is essential due to the systemic importance of the securities markets infrastructure and the competitiveness of the Finnish markets. The reform is based on the EU Regulation on central securities depositories, and the centralised platform for securities settlement, preparations for which have been headed by the ECB. These projects are considerable in terms of scale and are necessary for achieving sustainable cost and risk reductions..
New technologies and professional communications in education
The international politics of new information technology
Technical innovation and British economic performance
See inside inventions
The sources of economic growth
High-tech society : the story of the information technology revolution
Measuring the dynamics of technological change
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Who owns the future?
Technology strategy for managers and entrepreneurs
Technological transformation. Vol. 5, The historic process
Multimedia for learning : development, application, evaluation
Technology, economic growth and the labour process
Summary of the Finnish Science Barometer
Making sense of social media : interviews and narratives : Somed foresight report 2
A new era in securities settlement and custody markets
The attitudes of steelworkers to technical change
Managing technological knowledge transfer : proceedings from COST A3 workshop in Milan, Italy February 1-2, 1996
