http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8957 progress
progress
Rwanda, Inc. : how a devastated nation became an economic model for the developing world
A relation of cruel optimism exists when something you desire is actually an obstacle to your flourishing. Offering bold new ways of conceiving the present, Lauren Berlant describes the cruel optimism that has prevailed since the 1980s, as the social-democratic promise of the postwar period in the United States and Europe has retracted. People have remained attached to unachievable fantasies of the good life - with its promises of upward mobility, job security, political and social equality, and durable intimacy - despite evidence that liberal-capitalist societies can no longer be counted on to provide opportunities for individuals to make their lives "add up to something".
Living with the Genie : essays on technology and the quest for human mastery
Between reason and history : Habermas and the idea of progress
The age of projects
Progress and disillusion : the dialectics of modern society
Change through cooperation : handbook of reteaming
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
Bourgeois equality : how ideas, not capital or institutions, enriched the world
The idea of progress
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Is humanity approaching a Golden Age, driven by technology and ever-closer global networks? Or is the notion of progress an illusion born in the West?
The miracle : the epic story of Asia's quest for wealth
Legitimization of science and technology : from French Pragmatic Sociology and the Annales School to Complex and Recursive Recombination
The true and only heaven : progress and its critics
The course of human history : economic growth, social process, and civilization
Progress : Ten Reasons to Look Forward to the Future
Global modernization : rethinking the project of modernity
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
An overview of the concepts of change and development : from the premodern to modern era
Cosmopolitics. 1
Augustine to Galileo. 1-2, Science in the Middle Ages : 5th to 13th centuries ; Science in the later Middle Ages and early Modern Times : 13th to 17th centuries
Profound and dazzling. In their new book, Joseph E. Stiglitz and Bruce C. Greenwald study the human wish to learn and our ability to learn and so uncover the processes that relate the institutions we devise and the accompanying processes that drive the production, dissemination, and use of knowledge. The authors' analysis provides the foundations of an understanding of the progress and regress of nations. This is social science at its best. -- Partha Dasgupta, University of Cambridge.
Visions of a technological future : experience and expectation of progress in the interwar United States
Western civilization and its problems : a dialogue between Weber, Elias, and Habermas
Sustainable faith in education
Against civilization : readings and reflections
Civilization : the West and the rest
This great beast : progress and the modern state
The achieving society
The identification of progress in learning
Progress : a reconstruction
Enabling innovation : a practical guide to understanding and fostering technological change
The life of reason or the phases of human progress
Progress : fact and fiction
Al Qaeda and what it means to be modern
The life of reason, or, The phases of human progress
Progress : can we do without it?
Unpopular essays on technological progress
Art in progress : a philosophical response to the end of the avant-garde
Whatever happened to the world of tomorrow? : a graphic novel
The human web : a bird's-eye view of world history
In this book the author transports readers to the dawn of the Renaissance and chronicles the life of an intrepid book lover who rescued the Roman philosophical text On the Nature of Things from certain oblivion. In this work he has crafted both a work of history and a story of discovery, in which one manuscript, plucked from a thousand years of neglect, changed the course of human thought and made possible the world as we know it. Nearly six hundred years ago, a short, genial, cannily alert man in his late thirties took a very old manuscript off a library shelf, saw with excitement what he had discovered, and ordered that it be copied. That book was the last surviving manuscript of an ancient Roman philosophical epic, On the Nature of Things, by Lucretius, a beautiful poem of the most dangerous ideas: that the universe functioned without the aid of gods, that religious fear was damaging to human life, and that matter was made up of very small particles in eternal motion, colliding and swerving in new directions. The copying and translation of this ancient book, the greatest discovery of the greatest book-hunter of his age, fueled the Renaissance, inspiring artists such as Botticelli and thinkers such as Giordano Bruno; shaped the thought of Galileo and Freud, Darwin and Einstein; and had a revolutionary influence on writers such as Montaigne and Shakespeare and even Thomas Jefferson.
Cosmopolitanisms in Enlightenment Europe and beyond
Creating a learning society : a new approach to growth, development, and social progress
Progressivism : the critical issues
Many discussions of J. S. Mill's concept of liberty focus too narrowly on On Liberty and fail to acknowledge that his treatment of related issues elsewhere may modify its leading doctrines. Mill and Paternalism demonstrates how a contextual reading suggests that in Principles of Political Economy, and also his writings on Ireland, India and on domestic issues like land reform, Mill proposed a substantially more interventionist account of the state than On Liberty seems to imply. This helps to explain Mill's sympathies for socialism after 1848, as well as his Malthusianism and feminism, which, in conjunction with Harriet Taylor's views, are central to his later discussions of the family and marriage. Feminism, indeed, is shown to provide the answer to the problem which most agitated Mill, overpopulation. Thus Gregory Claeys sheds new lights on many of Mill's overarching preoccupations, including the theory of liberty at the heart of On Liberty.
Its on the televisions, in the papers and in our minds. Every day were bludgeoned by news of how bad everything is - financial collapse, unemployment, growing poverty, environmental disasters, disease, hunger, war. But the rarely acknowledged reality is that the economic and social progress of the past few decades has been unprecedented and that by almost any index you care to identify, things are markedly better now than they have ever been for almost everyone alive. Examining official data from the worlds most trusted institutions like the United Nations, the World Bank and the World Health Organization, political commentator Johan Norberg traces just how far we have come in tackling the greatest global problems. None of them have been eradicated, but as Norberg shows we now have a good idea of the solutions and have started to implement them in most areas. We know what it will take to see this progress continue. Dramatic, uplifting and sure to be divisive, Progress is a call for optimism in our pessimistic, doom-laden world.
A history of science and its relations with philosophy & religion
A history of science : and its relations with philosophy and religion
The swerve : how the renaissance began
Climate change and progress
The European foresight monitoring network : collection of EFMN briefs. Pt. 1
Do humankind's best days lie ahead?
The idea of progress in America, 1815-1860
Progress or perish : Northern perspectives on social change
Tourism, progress and peace
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Tradition
Progress, nature and technology in late-modern transition
Material, mental, and moral progress : American conceptions of civilization in late 19th century studies on "things Chinese and Japanese"
Bronson M. Cutting : progressive politician
Mill and paternalism
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
Black mass : apocalyptic religion and the death of utopia
The beginning of infinity : explanations that transform the world
The modern philosophical revolution : the luminosity of existence
The idea of progress : a revaluation
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future: history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Race, empire, and the idea of human development
An introduction to the human development and capability approach : freedom and agency
Southern progressivism : the reconciliation of progress and tradition
Factor four : doubling wealth - halving resource use : the new report to the Club of Rome
e-Development toward the knowledge economy : leveraging technology, innovation and entrepreneurship for "smart" development
Progress, apocalypse, and completion of history and life after death of the human person in the world religions
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
The progressive Yankees : Republican reformers in New Hampshire, 1906-1916
Modernities : a geohistorical interpretation
The idea of progress : an inquiry into its origin and growth
Popularizing science and technology in the European periphery, 1800-2000
Cosmopolitics : 2
Humanism and democratic criticism
The modernization of China and Japan
Progress by Elightenment : fact or fiction?
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Progress : ten reasons to look forward to the future
The realist case for global reform
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
The Progressive era : primary documents on events from 1890 to 1914
A history of science : and its relations with philosophy & religion
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
