http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8958 political parties
political parties
Political parties of Africa and the Middle East : a reference guide
Social democracy in a post-Communist Europe
Political parties in Finland : essays in history and politics
Ending the LDP hegemony : party cooperation in Japan
The rebirth of Britain
How parties organize : change and adaptation in party organizations in western democracies
"Faced with a transition to multiparty democracy, many assume that breaking the power of incumbents is necessary to develop a stable, highly institutionalized party system. But, in fact, across Sub-Saharan Africa, the incumbent's demise is sufficient to ensure a highly volatile, weakly institutionalized party system in the democratic era. A strong authoritarian incumbent produces a more coherent, stable party competition, with the unintended consequences of promoting national territorial coverage; stronger partisan identities; opposition cohesion; and, ultimately, democratic accountability. In Ghana, for example, the incumbent military leader and authoritarian revolutionary J. J. Rawlings and his National Democratic Congress (NDC) party swept the founding elections in 1992. Since that time, Ghana has developed a highly institutionalized party system with low levels of volatility and an alternating majority between stable parties. Ghana has experienced two democratic turnovers, and the two major parties, the NDC and the New Patriotic Party (NPP), are deeply connected to their constituencies, they organize across the national territory to compete in every constituency, they mobilize participation during and beyond elections, and they aggregate coalitions of diverse citizens and interests. The NDC and the NPP alike are enduring entities that help shape individual partisan identities and structure national, regional, and local competition"--
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
This book provides a range of essays on aspects of the British Conservative Party from the late 19th century to the present day. It offers fresh perspectives on Margaret Thatcher and Thatcherism; Britain and Europe; UK policy towards Ireland; Conservatism and reform, and the conservative ideology, to name only a few of the key issues explored. An accessible and concise overview, this book is an important primer for anyone studying British politics, history, or social and political theory. Included are contributions by leading scholars in British political history, think tank commentators, and a former Prime Minister. It offers insights into the Conservative Party's staying power in spite of great social and political changes in the UK and the world. It looks at how the party has functioned historically and what its future might be, discussing its ideology and identity with reference to both Labour and Liberal opponents. Fundamentally it considers the conservative appeal to the electorate, conservative policy in both theory and practice, and debates that have taken place within and outside the party itself.Whether interested in Winston Churchill and David Lloyd George, or David Cameron and Nick Clegg, this work is intended to inform and challenge scholars and political practitioners alike.
Forging political compromise : Antonín Švehla and the Czechoslovak Republican Party, 1918-1933
American political parties
Opposition in a dominant-party system : a study of the Jan Sangh, the Praja socialist party, and the Socialist party in Uttar Pradesh, India
Models of democracy in Nordic and Baltic Europe : political institutions and discourse
Party ideology in Britain
History of the communist party of the Soviet Union
Party politics. 1, Appeal to the people
Political parties : their organization and activity in the modern state
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Political parties and democracy : explorations in history and theory
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the American dream
Politics in Russia and the successor states
The conservative party from Peel to Thatcher
The foundations of the British Conservative Party : essays on conservatism from Lord Salisbury to David Cameron
Social psychology of political polarization
Spatial model analysis of party policy strategies : insights of deterministic and probabilistic voting with 'biased' voters: applications to Finland
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
The discourse on political pluralism in early eighteen-century England : A conceptual study with special reference to terminology of religious origin
The Greens of Finland in social media: Facebook as a communication forum
The party statutes of the communist world
The Federalists vs. the Jeffersonian Republicans
Political parties : a genuine case for discontent?
Labour into the eighties
Comparative politics today : a world view
Abstract: Behave and we will leave you in peace : contacts between MEPs and national parties.
Some forms of party activity. 3, Notes on party-connected research units
Political parties : a cross-national survey
Russia under the last tsar : opposition and subversion 1894-1917
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Revolt on the right : explaining support for the radical right in Britain
Party politics in post-communist Russia
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Ratf**ked : the true story behind the secret plan to steal America's democracy
Changing images of the left in Bulgaria : the challenge of post-communism in the early 21st century
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
The ayatollahs' democracy : an Iranian challenge
Parliamentary elections
Political parties of the world
The Implosion of capitalism
Plenary meeting of the CPSU central committee : dokuments and materials, Moscow, Kremlin September 19-20, 1989.
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
How have the political parties of the liberal democratic states responded to women's demands for political representation? To answer this question, the authors examine 11 democratic states, relating what has happened to theories of representation and gender politics. They trace developments in party systems as political parties have implemented new systems of candidate selection, new means of policymaking, the reform of internal structures and the establishment of new structures. The interaction between gender and party politics is shown to be of direct importance to the understanding of the political status of women.
The communist parties of Western Europe : a comparative study
Constitutional theory
"This book is devoted to applying the data, methods, and theories of contemporary social science to the question of how political outcomes in democratic societies determine the quality of life that citizens experience. Benjamin Radcliff seeks to provide an objective answer to the perennial debate between Left and Right over what public policies best contribute to human beings leading positive and rewarding lives. The book thus offers an empirical answer to this perpetual question, relying on the same canons of reason and evidence required of any other issue amenable to study through social-scientific means. The analysis focuses on the consequences of three specific political issues: the welfare state and the general size of government, labor organization, and state efforts to protect workers and consumers through economic regulation. The results indicate that in each instance, the program of the Left best contributes to citizens leading more satisfying lives, and, critically, that the benefits of greater happiness accrue to everyone in society, rich and poor alike"--
Party strategies in a multiparty system
Parties and democracy in France : parties under presidentialism
The congressional party : a case study
Suomen eduskunnan historia = Finlands riksdags historia = History of the Finnish Parliament
Emerging coalitions in American politics
American political parties : their natural history
Party discipline and parliamentary government
The last Party : Britpop, Blair and the demise of English rock
Socialist parties in postwar Japan
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Right-wing critics of American conservatism
A respectable minority : the Democratic party in Civil War era 1860-1868
The downfall of the Liberal Party 1914-1935
The conservative illusion
More than words? : an analysis on the language and structure of General Election manifestos of the British Labour Party 1983 - 2005
The Republican Party 1854-1964
Small parties in western Europe : comparative and national perspectives
From grassroots to the airwaves : paying for political parties and campaigns in the Caribbean
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
Abstract: The political conceptions of the National Coalition Party (conservatives) and the Social Democratic Party in Finland in 1960-1970 with the manner of narrating stories.
The last Afrikaner leaders : a supreme test of power
Voting and party competition : a theoretical critique and synthesis applied to surveys from ten democracies
Western European political parties : a comprehensive guide
The preconditions of socialism
On parties, party systems and democracy : selected writings of Peter Mair
Things can only get better : eighteen miserable years in the life of a Labour supporter 1979-1997
The Moors' Association : its impact on the community
The National People's Congress of China
Party politics in Japan
Contemporary Japanese politics : institutional changes and power shifts
Kim Dae-jung and history of Korean opposition parties
Politics in a time of crisis : Podemos and the future of European democracy
The Russian democratic party Yabloko : opposition in a managed democracy
Parties as organized actors : the transformation of the Scandinavian three-front parties
Political parties and political development
Guide to the political parties of South America
The communist parties of Italy, France and Spain : postwar change and continuity : a casebook
The Internet and national elections : a comparative study of web campaining
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Political parties and network formation
Political campaigning : problems in creating an informed electorate
Authoritarian origins of democratic party systems in Africa
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
The radical right in Central and Eastern Europe since 1989
Children of the master
The governments of Europe
Pirate politics : the new information policy contests
Democracy and the organization of political parties. Vol. 1, England
Parties and law-making in Finland : a policy framework
A theory of party competition
Party and pressure politics
Parties and parliaments in Southeast Asia : non-partisan chambers in Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand
Mapping the extreme right in contemporary Europe : from local to transnational
The two-party system in the United States
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
The profile of party ideologies : an analysis of the present-day manifest and latent ideologies of the three European social democratic and socialist parties as compared with their manifest ideologies of the twenties, and with the corresponding ideologies of their main bourgeois competitors for power
Continuity and change in foreign policy : some notes on the Finnish party system
The changing French political system
New political parties of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union
Democracy and the organization of political parties. Vol. 2, The United States
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Abstract: Schisms in politics or political parties?.
Understanding party system change in Western Europe
British political parties : the distribution of power within the Conservative and Labour Parties
The condition of democracy in Russia, the party system and the State Duma
Abstract: "Parlamentarism" as the incarnation of "partiality".
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
Scotland : the growing divide : old nation, new ideas
Finnish abstract.
Watching a dragon's egg hatch : the making of a sinocentric world?
American parties in decline
The populist radical right in Central and Eastern Europe : ideology, impact, and electoral performance
Parliamentary socialism : a study in the politics of labour
Party politics in America
Political parties : contemporary trends and ideas
Ministers at war : Winston Churchill and his war cabinet
Money, power, and ideology : political parties in post-authoritarian Indonesia
Tanzania : political reform in eclipse : crises and cleavage in political parties
The challenges of transition : Romania in transition
Billionaires & ballot bandits : how to steal an election in 9 easy steps
Parties and politics : an institutional and behavioral approach
Regionalist parties in Western Europe
The communists in Spain : study of an underground political movement
The structure and development of the political party spectrum in Finland
Great Britain : decline or renewal?
The Liberal Party in rural England, 1885-1910 : radicalism and community
Dictionary of political parties and organizations in Russia
The Brazilian Communist Party : conflict and integration 1922-1972
New perspectives on ethnic relations, Islam and neoliberalism have emerged in Turkey since the rise of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2002. Placing the period within its historical and contemporary context, Tahir Abbas argues that what it is to be ethnically, religiously and culturally Turkish has been transformed. He explores how issues of political trust, social capital and intolerance towards minorities have characterised Turkey in the early years of the 21st-century. He shows how a radical neoliberal economic and conservative outlook has materialised, leading to a clash over the religious, political and cultural direction of Turkey. These conflicts are defining the future of the nation.
Discrimination for the sake of the nation : the discourse of the League of Polish Families against "others" 2001-2007
Political parties and democracy : five volumes. Volume 5, The Arab world
The contributions in this volume provide an overview of Peter Mair's most significant and influential writings. The chapters focus on a wide range of issues, from considerations on the relevance of concept formation to the study of party systems and party organisations, and from reflections on the democratic legitimacy of the European Union to the future of party democracy. The selection includes frequently cited papers alongside some of his lesser-known work. Collectively they attest to the broad scope and depth of Mair's insights in the field of comparative (party) politics and the changing realities of party government.
The alignment of political groups in Canada 1841-1867
True blues : the politics of Conservative Party membership
Long memory and structural breaks in Finnish and Swedish party popularity series
New Sinn Féin : Irish republicanism in the twenty-first century
How the True Finns won a seat in Etelä-Savo in April 2011 : and why it is important to know
Communist Party membership in the U.S.S.R. 1917-1967
Faction and front : party systems in South India
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Political parties in the American mold
Communist and Marxist parties of the world
Citizens, parties and Norwegian electoral politics 1957-1985
The party system
Political parties and the concept of power : a theoretical framework
Red star in the North : communism in the Nordic countries
Political parties in the Third World
Government and politics in Hungary
The African National Congress
The wrecking crew : how conservatives rule
Russian politics in transition : political parties and organizations in Russia and the Murmansk region
Breaking the mould? : the birth and prospects of the Social Democratic Party
No-party democracy in Uganda : myths and realities
An organizer's tale : speeches
Party strategies in a multi partysystem
Green politics
Party politics in the new Germany. Geoffrey K. Roberts
The British Communist Party and Moscow, 1920-43
The political economy of human happiness : how voters' choices determine the quality of life
Proportionality and Party Success in Europe
Political parties: leadership, organization, linkage
Populist radical right parties in Europe
The rise and fall of the American Whig party : Jacksonian politics and the onset of the Civil War
Modern political parties : approaches to comparative politics
Abstract: Party manifesto as an arena of practising in and maintaining political thinking.
Party patronage and party government in European democracies
"Since 2009, the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has become the most successful challenger to the main parties in postwar English politics. Yet with the radical right on the rise, important questions remain unanswered. What trends in modern Britain have made the rise of UKIP possible? How has the party modified its organization, strategy and ideology in the quest to forge ties with voters? Who is voting for the populist radical right in Britain, and why? To what extent, if at all, are UKIP supporters the mirror image of radical right voters in Europe, and where might the party go next? Based on an unprecedented amount of data, from surveys of UKIP voters to extensive interviews with UKIP insiders, Robert Ford and Matthew Goodwin explore the wider trends that gave birth to UKIP, how the party has evolved, and who is shifting behind UKIP at elections. The book provides unprecedented insight into public support for the radical right in Britain, and contains important insights for those who are tasked with responding to the radical right challenge"--
Indian political parties : programmes, promises and performance
Parties and politics in America
The distant present
Governmental changes and party political dynamics in Korea and Japan
The third congress of the Hungarian socialist party : Szeged, 15-17 May 1992
Hamas : a beginner's guide
¡Adios, America! : the Left's plan to turn our country into a Third World hellhole
British politics : the basics
Russia's liberal project : state-society relations in the transition from communism
The French democratic left 1963-1969 : toward a modern party system
No-party democracy? : Ugandan politics in comparative perspective
This book explores the ways in which representative democracy works in two neighbouring collections of European states: the Nordic (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden) and the Baltic (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). Starting from a Nordic vantage point, contributors explore the extent to which aspects of politics function similarly or dissimilarly across the two groups of democratic states, acknowledging the differences in models of democracy that occur within each group. Authors explore the possibility that some of the apparently successful institutional features of Nordic politics have somehow influenced politics in the Baltic states, despite the considerable contextual differences between the two groups. The Nordic-Baltic comparison is particularly worthy of study, given the comparative stability of the Nordic democracies and the half century of occupation by a totalitarian dictatorship that the Baltic states endured.The central, guiding questions are: how does political representation work in countries that have a lot in common, but also a few significant contextual dissimilarities; and what, if any, relationships between the respective styles of democracy can be identified? Using a variety of theories, perspectives and methods, the empirical studies that populate the book seek to offer reflections on these questions.
The formation of the British Liberal party, 1857-1868
The Soviet military and the Communist party
Swedish politics during the 20th century : conflict and consensus
Democratization in China and Taiwan : the adaptability of Leninist parties
Gender and party politics
Party politics. 3, The stuff of politics
The impact of parties : politics and policies in democratic capitalist states
History of the Communist Party of Vietnam
The American political process
Political parties : development and decay
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Political parties and civic action groups
Political parties in French-speaking West Africa
Political participation beyond the vote : how the institutional context shapes patterns of political participation in18 Western European democracies
The politics of Serbia in the 1990s
Contemporary Turkey in conflict : ethnicity, Islam and politics
Power and responsibility : contending approaches to industrial relations and decision-making in Britain 1963-1971
American political parties, their natural history
The Japanese party system
Perspectives on political parties : classic readings
Are political parties an essential element of democracy? Or can a no-party system constitute a viable democratic alternative? Giovanni Carbone examines the politics of Museveniʹs Uganda to illustrate the achievements, contradictions, and limitations of participatory politics in the absence of partisan organizations. At a time when multiparty reforms were sweeping the globe, Uganda opted for a controversial, no-party democratic model. The countryʹs politics over the past two decades thus provide the perfect opportunity for addressing the many questions -- theoretical, empirical, and comparative -- that the notion of a no-party system of elected government raises. Carboneʹs analysis of how a no-party electoral regime actually works (or doesnʹt) in Uganda fills a gap in both democracy studies and the study of African politics. -- Publisher description.
Dynamics of the party system : alignment and realignment of political parties in the United States
