http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8953 national romanticism
national romanticism
How nationalism was expressed in Finnish architecture at the turn of the last century / Ritva Wäre
Innovation versus tradition : the architect Lars Sonck, works and projects 1900-1910
National art and the nation of artists in the Nordic countries / Timo Huusko
Jugendstil, national romanticism and rationalism (The autonomous grand duchy)
Visions and revisions
Eliel Saarinen's national romantic phase in Finland : the international connections
Selected bibliography / compiled by Philipp Demandt and Sigrid Melchior
Modern Nordic Architecture 1995-6. Seminar papers 1995-6
Akseli Gallen-Kallela : the spirit of Finland
Suomalainen arkkitehtuuri 1900-luvulla = Finnish architecture in the 20th century
Abstract.
Dreams of a summer night : Scandinavian painting at the turn of the century : Hayward Gallery, London 10 July to 5 October 1986 / organized by Nordic Council of Ministers and the Arts Council of Great Britain ; exhibition committee, Scandinavia: Hanne Westergaard, Salme Sarajas-Korte, Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse, Selma Jónsdóttir, Knut Berg, Tone Skedsmo, Pontus Grate, Carl Thomas Edam,
Art, culture, and national identity in fin-de-siècle Europe / edited by Michelle Facos, Sharon L. Hirsh
Nationalism and Nordic imagination : Swedish art of the 1890s / Michelle Facos
Full-color art nouveau designs and motifs : CD-ROM & book
Now the light comes from the north : art nouveau in Finland : Bröhan-Museum, Berlin, [2.11. 2002 - 2.3.2003] / [catalogue editing: Ingeborg Becker, Sigrid Melchior]
Eastern perspectives, ethnographic interpretations of details / Helena Lonkila
Heritage of music. Vol. 3, The nineteenth-century legacy
Finnish performers throughout the ages. 2, (National) Romanticism in the performance of music
Innovation versus tradition : the architect Lars Sonck, works and projects 1900-1910 / Pekka Korvenmaa
Art-nouveau architecture in the Baltic
Imperishable beauty : art nouveau jewelry
Sir Walter Scott and Scottish Jacobitism : a critical examination of Waverley and Redgauntlet
ART NOUVEAU ARCHITECTURE AND FURNITURE
Stone, style and truth : the vogue for natural stone in Nordic architecture 1880-1910 / Sixten Ringbom
The golden age of Finnish art : art nouveau and the national spirit / by John Boulton Smith
300 art nouveau designs and motifs in full color
Music and nationalism
Building a new identity : the influence of H. H. Richardson on Finland's national romantic architecture
The Swedish and Finnish pavilions in the Exposition universelle in Paris, 1900
Art and the national dream : the search for vernacular expression in turn-of-the-century design
Art nouveau and national romanticism in Finland / John Boulton Smith
Art nouveau and national romanticism in Finland
Storybook Helsinki and beyond
"There in thousands of lakes the stars of the night glimmer" : lakescapes in literature
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = Hvitträsk : the home as a work of art
Published original works for piano : complete edition. 1, vol. 1
The golden age : Finnish art 1850-1907
Cultural secrets as narrative form : storytelling in nineteenth-century America
The arts and crafts movement
Light and nature in late 19th century Nordic art and literature
Nationalism and the Nordic imagination : Swedish art of the 1890s
Lars Sonck 1870-1956 : arkkitehti = architect
What is 'Finnish' in Finnish music?
Heritage of music. Vol. 4, Music in the twentieth century
Barbara Miller Lane : National romanticism and modern architecture in Germany and the Scandinavian countries
Art nouveau : prints, illustrations and posters
Finnish art nouveau : the marriage of early modernism and national romanticism
Det magiske nord : finsk og norsk kunst omkring 1900 = The Magic North : Finnish and Norwegian art around 1900
Now the light comes from the north : art nouveau in Finland
Art nouveau : spirit of the belle epoque
Reception and dissemination : the international role of early 20th century Finnish architecture
Gustav Klimt 1861-1918 : the world in female form
Art nouveau : art and design at the turn of the century
The light now comes from the north : Finnish Art Nouveau in Berlin
Art nouveau : from Mackintosh to Liberty, the birth of a style
Northern light : realism and symbolism in Scandinavian painting 1880-1910 : Corcoran Gallery of Art Washington D.C. September 8 - October 17, 1982 : the Brooklyn Museum New York November 10, 1982 - January 6, 1983 : the Minneapolis Institute of Arts Minne / Kirk Varnedoe ; the Brooklyn museum
Norwegian dances and other works for piano
Symbolist art in context / Michelle Facos
Suomalainen rakennustaide = Modern architecture in Finland
Tampere cathedral / Ingeborg Becker
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art
Axel Gallen and the constructed nation : art and nationalism in young Finland, 1880-1900
Romantic nationalism
Internationalism and nationalism : Nordic painters on the European stage / Per Hedström
Heritage of music. Vol. 1, Classical music and its origins
Art and the national dream : the search for vernacular expression in turn-of-the-century design / edited by Nicola Gordon Bowe
Architecture and modern identity in Finland
How nationalism was expressed in Finnish architecture at the turn of the last century
Art Noveau : International and national styles in Europe
Sibelius : a composer's life and the awakening of Finland / Glenda Dawn Goss
Now the light comes from the North : Art Noveau in Finland
Sculpture (The autonomous grand duchy) / Rolf Nummelin
National romanticism and modern architecture in Germany and the Scandinavian countries
Artistic America, Tiffany glass, and art nouveau
National romanticism in finnish architecture / Ritva Wäre
Parisian architecture of the Belle Epoque
Erkki Melartin and his composition Der Traurige Garten
Full-color art nouveau stained glass designs : CD-ROM & book
Innovation versus tradition : the architect Lars Sonck
The golden age of Finnish art : art nouveau and the national spirit
The golden age of Finnish art : art nouveau and the national spirit / John Boulton Smith
Art by the water / Riitta Ojanperä
Masterpieces of Western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the Gothic to the present day. Volume 2, From the romantic age to the present day
Primeval forests of Finland : cultural history, ecology and conservation
International arts and crafts
Metapolitics : from Wagner and the German Romantics to Hitler
The wilderness and the city lights - northern polarities, or Finland's artists between national romanticism and the international scene : the case of Akseli Gallen-Kallela / Ingeborg Becker
Charles Rennie Mackintosh
Modern Norwegian architecture
Who are we? : Where do we come from? : Where are we going
National romanticism in Finnish architecture
The term "metapolitics," a coinage from Richard Wagner's nationalist circle, signifies an ideology resulting from five distinct strands: romanticism (embodied chiefly in the Wagnerian ethos), the pseudo-science of race, Fuehrer worship, vague economic socialism, and the alleged supernatural and unconscious force of the Volk collectivity. Together, those elements engendered an emphasis on irrationalism and hysteria and belief in a special German mission to direct the course of the world's history. Viereck analyzes nineteenth-century German thought's conflicting attitudes toward political procedures and social arrangements rooted in classical, rational legalistic, and Christian traditions. This edition includes an appreciation by Thomas Mann and an exchange with Jacques Barzun debating Viereck's criticism of German romanticism. Viereck's essays on the case of Albert Speer, on Claus von Stauffenberg (the German officer who led the army conspiracy to assassinate-Hitler), and on the poets Stefan George and Georg Heym appear here for the first time in book form.
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Is it spring in Finland? : Finnish national romantic classics for mixed choir by Sibelius, Palmgren, Kuula, Madetoja and Sallinen with sung translations in English
Northern stars and southern lights : the golden age of Finnish art 1870-1920
