http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8965 Sino-Tibetan languages
Sino-Tibetan languages
This volume features over fifty of the world's languages and language families. The featured languages have been chosen based on the number of speakers, their role as official languages and their cultural and historical importance. Each language is looked at in depth, and the chapters provide information on both grammatical features and on salient features of the language's history and cultural role. This second edition has been updated and revised. Two new languages, Amharic and Javanese, have been included. This accessible volume will appeal to anyone with an interest in linguistics. Attention is paid to both grammatical and sociolinguistic features. Attention is concentrated on the world's major languages designed to be accessible to all readers with an interest in language.
A grammar of Dolakha Newar
Bibliography of Sino-Tibetan languages. [Vol. 1]
The Zhang-Zhung language : a grammar and dictionary of the unexplored language of the Tibetan Bonpos
The Newari language : a working outline
Warming your hands with moonlight : Lavrung Tibetan oral traditions and culture
A grammar and dictionary of Zaiwa. Vol. 1, Grammar
World's major languages
Indo-European and its closest relatives : the Eurasiatic language family. Vol. 2, Lexicon
Handbook of proto-Tibeto-Burman : system and philosophy of Sino-Tibetan reconstruction
Language atlas of China. Pt. 1
Introduction to Sino-Tibetan
Linguistic nationalism : the case of Southern Min
May all good things gather here : life, religion and marriage in a Mi nyag tibetan village
Languages of the Himalayas : an ethnolinguistic handbook of the greater Himalayan Region : containing an introduction to the symbiotic theory of language
Indo-European and its closest relatives : the Eurasiatic language family. Vol. 1, Grammar
Studies in American Indian, oriental, and related general linguistics : kleine Schriften. Band/Volume 3
Aphasia in atypical populations
The major languages of East and South-East Asia
The Sino-Tibetan languages
Chinese in plain English
Approaches to Eurasian linguistic areas
English-Lushai dictionary
Two papers on Sinolinguistics
The world's major languages
Bibliography of Sino-Tibetan languages. Vol. 2
Dialectology as dialectic : interpreting Phula variation
The Ao-Naga grammar
Tibeto-Burman languages of the Himalayas
Language in time and space : a Festschrift for Werner Winter on the occasion of his 80th birthday
Descriptive and theoretical studies in minority languages of East and Southeast Asia
The Bisu language
Sino-Tibetan *kolo "wheel"
A Bantawa dictionary
A grammar of Wutun
Aspects of Lisu phonology and grammar, a language of Southeast Asia
Moskovskij lingvističeskij žurnal = The Moscow linguistic journal. T. 1
