http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8967 rain
rain
Bluey the little drip is the story of raindrops on their journey around the world. Bluey has been at the bottom of the Blue lagoon and this is the first time that he floated to the top. He was enjoying his time under the sun when all of a sudden he's evaporated and floats up into the sky and settles within a cloud full of raindrops he had never met before. He befriends a rather pretty droplet named Clara and she explains to him where he has come from and where they are going. Described by the media as education, dressed up as an enjoyable tale. Teachers have found that by reading the book to the class it awakens interest in the weather and follow the story into a lesson on the environment. Suitable for children from 4 to 8 years old and you will be amazed at how much children will love having the story read to them again and again. This is the first in a series of books and the second story 'Bluey Meets Father Christmas' has also been released.
Sublime failures : the ethics of Kant and Sade
Are you ready to play outside?
Hydrological, oceanic and atmospheric experience from BALTEX : extended abstracts of the XXII EGS Assembly, Vienna, Austria, April 21-25, 1997
The Sadeian woman : an exercise in cultural history
The North Atlantic in the west and the Asian continent in the east regulate the general features of the climate in northern Finland. Especially in the low areas in the west, the smaller amounts of precipitation are largely due to the Scandic föhn effect. The weather conditions and microclimate in the fells differ from those in the lower areas. Temperature inversion is a common phenomenon on the slopes. Heavy snow loads in the crowns of the trees are a prominent feature of the southern fells and the eastern highlands.
Rainmaking rites of Tswana tribes
The philosophy of the Marquis de Sade
Irrigation water management : principles and practice
Predicting soil erosion by water : a guide to conservation planning with the Revised Universal Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE)
Agriculture, food and water
Of glamor, sex and De Sade
Interactive
Investigation of wind-induced error of precipitation measurements using a three-dimensional numerical simulation
The Marquis de Sade : the man, his works, and his critics : an annotated bibliography
Wet deposition near the Inkoo Power Station during a wintertime experiment
When the rain comes the elephant likes to put up his umbrella and invite his friends underneath. One day the umbrella is swept away by the wind and meets the leopard and the bear, who have very different idea about how to use the umbrella.
Itzy bitzy house
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Under natural conditions, a field trial was introduced to explore influences of soil acidification on availabilities of Cu and Pb and their transferences in soil vertical profiles. Four different levels of simulated acid rain (SAR) were sprayed to the field to acidify the soils so as to observe behaviors of available Cu and Pb. Soil samples were collected from four soil layers: 0-10, 10-20, 20-30 and 30-60 cm. Results indicated that SAR could effectively decrease soil pH of four layers. With the decline of soil pH, contents of available Cu and Pb increased generally and high SAR level resulted in greater increases. In terms of vertical distributions in soil profiles, soil available Cu rose with the depth, indicating a downward movement of Cu to deeper soil layers; while soil available Pb increased only in the layer of 20-30 cm, but decreased dramatically in the deep soil layer (30-60 cm). This suggested that the available Cu was easy to transfer and available Pb was relatively immobile, under the influences of soil acidification. The results also revealed, with the prolongation of soil acidification, contents of soil available Pb increased, whereas contents of soil available Cu decreased, which implied soil available Cu was inclined to be transferred out of soils into groundwater, posing a threat to groundwater system, and soil available Pb was easier to accumulate in soils and be taken up by plants, posing a threat to the food security.
The climate of northern Finland
Extreme weather
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Hugo the hare's rainy day
Dora and the rainy day
On the intensity of rainfall in Finland
Knowledge meets landscape : interacting science, people, and natural resources in Amazonian rainforests
Study on control of water pollution in Zhenjiang City
Summer rain
Testing and development of a new precipitation gauge for chemical analysis
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Sade : his ethics and rhetoric
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
De Sade : a critical biography
Precipitation : process and analysis
Essays in Sudan ethnography : presented to Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard
Meteorology
Rabbit's wish
A simple device for automatic sampling of runoff for quality monitoring during rainfall events
Studies of rain attenuation and total atmospheric attenuation for low-availability satellite communications
Dendroclimatic changes in semiarid America
Tropical rain forest : relax with the sound of nature
The elephant's umbrella
Explore On-farm : on-farm trials for adapting and adopting good agricultural practices
Clouds, rain and rainmaking
Tell me why rain is wet
Ilmastotilastoja Suomesta = Climatic statistics of Finland
Effects of simulated acid rain on soil acidification, availabilities and temporal and spatial variations of Cu and Pb in a vegetable field under natural conditions
Food security and operations research approach on land allocation under rainfall uncertainty
Rainforests
The wayland atlas of rain forests
Infinite ground
Marquis de Sade for beginners
The divine demon : a portrait of the Marquis de Sade
The divine demon
What a mess!
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
Sade : a biographical essay
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Annual variability of nitrogen concentrations and export from forested catchments : a consequence of climatic variability, sampling strategies or human interference?
Developing the Rainforest Tourism Products in Hainan Island  : Case: Hainan Yanoda Rainforest Culture Tourism Zone
Impact of the microstructure of precipitation and hydrometeors on multi-frequency radar observations
Splat the Cat. The rain is a pain
Allowance for discretization in hydrological and environmental risk estimation
At home with the Marquis de Sade
Occurrence of meteorological summer dry spells and dry days in Northern Europe during the 20th century
Drying of the brickwork subjected to driving rain
Drought
A history of the theories of rain and other forms of precipitation
Sharing water in southern Africa
Impacts of climate change on rainfall extremes and urban drainage systems
Lila and the secret of rain
Investigations carried through at the Station of forest meteorology at Os. 2, The forest precipitation
Regeneration ecology and woody species diversity in the remnant natural forest at Wondo Genet, Ethiopia : potential for landscape restoration
Crop yield response to water
Studies of clouds, precipitation, and thunderstorm electricity
Water for forests and people in the Mediterranean region : a challenging balance
A GIS-based a-priori estimation method for NAM rainfall-runoff model parameters : application to three head watersheds in South-Western Finland
Rainstorms and hail
The scavenging of air pollutants by precipitation, and its estimation with the aid of weather radar
Rainforest : a photographic journey
Cheer up your teddy bear, Emily Brown!
Self-Sustainable Service Facility
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Influence of rain cover cultivation on taste and aroma quality of strawberries (Fragaria ananassa Duch.) : Jens Rohloff ... [et al.]
The rains model of acidification : science and strategies in Europe
Rainforest : the exploitation of the tropical rainforests
The structure and yield of logged-over tropical rain forest stand of the Kintap Trial area, South Kalimantan, Indonesia
Variability of atmospheric transparency and precipitable water in Estonia during last decades
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on a constant resource : implications for conservation
Bluey the little drip
The discharge of Sigi River as an indicator of water catchment value of the East Usambara Mountains in Tanzania
Simisle : missions in the rainforest
The world's weather
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
Rainfall and runoff
Rain clutter filtering with wavelet filter bank
Horrid Henry's rainy day
Study of propagation phenomena for low availabilities : final report for the European Space Agency under ESTEC Contract 8025/88/NL/PR
MAGNIFICENT THUNDERSTORMS : A MAGICAL BLEND OF MUSIC AND THE SOUNDS OF NATURE
The wild weather book : loads of things to do outdoors in rain, wind and snow
The passionate philosopher : a Marquis de Sade reader
Doppler radar and weather observations
Wet deposition efficiency of short-lived radon-222 progeny in central Finland
The variability of rainfall in Tanzania
Microphysics of clouds and precipitation
Thursday Rainy Party
