http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8963 functionalism
functionalism
What does design expose? : a comparative study of Finnish modern furniture and Chinese Ming-style furniture
Architecture 1930-2000 (Independent Finland)
Comparative law, legal linguistics and methodology of legal doctrine
Functionalism revisited : architectural theory and practice and the behavioural sciences
Functionalism and grammar
Reconstruction of the past : focus on the Modern Movement and "H55"
Architect Erik Bryggman: works
English grammar : a function-based introduction. Vol. 1
Abstract in English.
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Modern architecture is a story of movements, styles and genres. But what of the work that remains defiantly unique, refusing to submit to a label or genre? This book looks at the emerging trend of architecture that favours substance over style, combining functional design and sustainable processes with a straightforward, honest aesthetic.
"Anthropology and anthropologists provides an entertaining and provocative account of British social anthropology from the foundations of the discipline, through the glory years of the mid-twentieth century and on to the transformation in recent decades. The book shocked the anthropological establishment on first publication in 1973 but soon established itself as one of the introductions for students of anthropology. Forty years later, this now classic work has been radically revised. Adam Kuper situates the leading actors in their historical and institutional context, probes their rivalries, revisits their debates, and reviews their key ethnographies. Drawing on recent scholarship he shows how the discipline was shaped by the colonial setting and by developments in the social sciences"--
Quo vadis architectura?
English grammar : a function-based introduction. Vol. 2
Alvar Aalto : the complete catalogue of architecture, design and art
Functional explanations in linguistics
Semantics and syntax in lexical functional grammar : the resource logic approach
The absorbing vision
The Sonneveld House : an avant-garde home from 1933
Signs of modernism in the architecture of Soviet Latvia between 1960-1980
The Turku fair 0f 1929, a manifesto of functionalism
Eesti funktsionalism = Functionalism in Estonia
Structural change in power-building business
Le Corbusier, the noble savage : toward an archaeology of modernism
The nature of applied linguistics is an issue that has kept reappearing again and again during several decades. An established paradigm met severe difficulty during the 1960s, but has never been replaced by a coherent alternative. The major aim of this book is to present a new approach to the discussion about the nature of applied linguistics, one that investigates its deeper theory of science underpinnings. A second important aim is to explore what an alternative might actually look like, granted diverse developments since the original paradigm began to be questioned. Rather than argue the case for one specific alternative, the book suggest a viable 'tertium comparationis' for intellectual discussion across current tension and disparity. Such a common ground is strongly needed within our graduate and postgraduate programmes. The first part of the book consists of three chapters presenting applied linguistics as seen within theory and history of science. The emerging picture is empirically confronted with the world of practitioners. The second part of the book consists of four chapters presenting tentative integration, in theory of language, theory of learning and research methodology and ends with an empirical study illustrating principles of research. The third part consists of a final chapter returning to theory of science, discussing ontological aspects of our core research object - problems of linguistic communication.
Text and context in functional linguistics
Functional descriptions : theory in practice
Alvar Aalto's design for the main building of the College of Education at Jyväskylä as an experiment in primitivism
The structure of the lexicon in functional grammar
Functional grammar : a field approach
Juhani Pallasmaa's ecological functionalism
Crucial readings in functional grammar
War destroys and organizes : architects and crisis
Halliday's introduction to functional grammar
Functional grammar in Prolog : an intergrated implementation for English, French, and Dutch
Rethink about "timeless"
Introducing functional grammar
Mies van der Rohe : 1886 - 1969 : the structure of space
Form follows function? : design in the 20th century / Susan Lambert
Architecture and the crisis of modern science
The Bauhaus : masters & students by themselves
Function and expression in functional grammar
Functionalist sociology
Erkki Huttunen - hero of functionalism = Erkki Huttunen - funktionalismin sankari
The theory of functional grammar. Pt. 1, The structure of the clause
Functional grammar
Contemporary political thought : a critical study
Alvar Aalto : what & when?
Functionalism in linguistics
Introduction to contemporary social theory
From the technological to the humane : Alvar Aalto versus functionalism
Kadonnutta arkkitehtuuria etsimässä : In the search for lost architecture
Villa Solin at Katariinanlaakso in Turku
Neljä tapaa herätä ruususen unesta = Four ways to wake up from peaceful slumber
Functionalism - utopia or the way forward?
Dynamic functionalism : strategy and tactics
Acanthus 1990 : Alvar Aalto and architecture as a "transference object"
The influence of functionalism on Alvar Aalto's light fittings
A developmental-functionalist approach to child language
Thoughts on architecture
Knowing, seeing and planning : Cybernetics and thinking in architecture : Universal CAD and architecture
Towards a new architecture
Arkkitehti 5/2003 = Arkitekten 5/2003 = The Finnish architectural review 5/2003.. 5 (2003), Funkis - Karjala = Functionalism - Karelia
General system theory and functionalism
Fully updated and revised, this fourth edition of Halliday's Introduction to Functional Grammar explains the principles of systemic functional grammar, enabling the reader to understand and apply them in any context. Halliday's innovative approach of engaging with grammar through discourse has become a phenomenon in linguistics. Updates to the new edition include: Recent uses of systemic functional linguistics to provide further guidance for students, scholars and researchers More on the ecology of grammar, illustrating how each major system serves to realise a semantic system A systematic indexing and classification of examples More from corpora, thus allowing for easy access to data Extended textual and audio examples and an image bank available online at www.routledge.com/cw/halliday Halliday's Introduction to Functional Grammar, Fourth Edition, is the standard reference text for systemic functional linguistics and an ideal introduction for students and scholars interested in the relation between grammar, meaning and discourse.
Erich Mandelsohn and the architecture of German modernism
Alvar Aalto Vyborg library : technology of sensations : technology workshop and seminar on case study
Essentials of functional grammar : a structure-neutral theory of movement, control, and anaphora
Speech, writing and sign : a functional view of linguistic representation
Language change and functional explanations
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 1, General papers
Meaning as explanation : advances in linguistic sign theory
The rise of functional categories
Function. selection, and innateness : the emergence of language universals
Art as propaganda : a comparison of the imagery and roles of woman as depicted in German Expressionist, Italian Futurist, and National Socialist art
Alvar Aalto - ex intimo : Alvar Aalto through the eyes of family, friends & colleagues
Abstract.
An introduction to functional grammar
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 2, Case studies
Functionalism re-revisited
Modernism and the posthumanist subject : the architecture of Hannes Meyer and Ludwig Hilberseimer
Functionalism and scarcity : the legacy of Erik Bryggman's architecture
Le Corbusier : l'Unité d'habitation de Marseille et les autres unités d'habitation à Rezé-les-Nantes, Berlin, Briey en Forêt et Firminy = Unité d'habitation in Marseilles and the four other unité blocks in Rezé-les-Nantes, Berlin, Briey en Forêt and Firminy
The influence of functionalism in the architecture of Heikkinen and Komonen : the european film college
Le Corbusier : architecture and form
"A rational and functional floor plan"
Modern Norwegian architecture
The Stockholm exhibition 1930 : modernism's breaktrough in Swedish architecture
Comparative functionalism : an essay in anthropological theory
Baba : the Werkbund housing estate Prague = die Werkbundsiedlung Prag
The theory of functional grammar. Part 2, Complex and derived constructions
Gerrit Th. Rietveld : the complete works 1888-1964
Fagus : Walter Gropius and the factory for modernity
On Erik Bryggman and his architecture
Functionalism
Discourse and pragmatics in functional grammar
Cognition and function in language
Functionalist design : an ongoing history
Steven Holl's edge of a city
Functionalism and the Aaltos
The art treasures of Turku
Rational planning as a sign of modernism
Hans Scharoun : the Berlin Philharmonic concert hall, Berlin, West Germany 1956, 1960-63
Causation and functionalism in sociology
Systemic linguistics : theory and applications
Architecture from the renaissance to functionalism
The new modern house : redefining functionalism
Functional and systemic linguistics : approaches and uses
Advances in functional linguistics : Columbia School beyond its origins
The mind incarnate
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Space & urban : a typological approach to the industrial town
Articles by Erik Bryggman : functionalism
The Prague School of structural and functional linguistics : a short introduction
Neofunctionalist sociology
The theory of functional grammar. Part 1, The structure of the clause
Exploring how texts work
Systemic functional linguistics : exploring choice
Expressing existence in Flemish Sign Language
Functionalism in Finland
Anthropology and anthropologists : the British school in the twentieth century
Formal approaches to function in grammar : in honor of Eloise Jelinek
On the borderline of the modern : architects vs. master-builders
Syntax and pragmatics in functional grammar
Richard Neutra : buildings and projects = réalisations et projets = Bauten und Projekte
Function and structure : in honor of Susumu Kuno
Functional architecture : the international style : Funktional Architektur : le style international 1925-1940
System, change, and conflict : A reader on contemporary sociological theory a. the debate over functionalism
Managing climatic risks : adaptation as a social process
Advances in systemic linguistics : recent theory and practice
Metamorphosis of functionalism - or back to basics?
The functional analysis of English : a Hallidayan approach
Representations : philosophical essays on the foundations of cognitive science
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Applied linguistics : towards a new integration?
