http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8973 exhibition activity
exhibition activity
Sculpture and the museum
Rethinking curating : art after new media
It's all mediating: outlining and incorporating the roles of curating and education in the exhibition context
A brief history of curating
Abstract: The role of art exhibitions in Finnish-Italian relations concerning the visual arts from the 1920s to the end of the Second World War.
Biennials : places for dialogue among equal partners / Marius Babias
The culture of curating and the curating of culture(s)
Theater of exhibitions
Curating subjects
Judging exhibitions : a framework for assessing excellence
Reinventing the museum : the evolving conversation on the paradigm shift
Interface bending : as a media archaeological approach for interactive art
Reinventing the museum : historical and contemporary perspectives on the paradigm shift
Temporary and travelling exhibitions
Affordable exhibition design
On curating : interviews with ten international curators
The birth of the museum : history, theory, politics
Exhibition
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art
Museum basics
Reinventing the Museum: The Evolving Conversation on the Paradigm Shift offers 44 seminal articles representing the changing perspectives about the role of museums in contemporary times. The book includes iconic pieces from the 20th century and presents the latest thinking of the past decade. The book begins with foundational writings that provide a thorough history of museum thought and theory. With this context established, Anderson presents articles that trace the emerging ideas in 21st-century museum studies on public engagement, frameworks, and leadership. In conjunction with introductory material and recommended additional readings, these articles will help students grasp the leading ideas and the essentials of the dialogue taking place in the museum field.
Museum exhibition : theory and practice
Hobusepea galerii 2003 - 2007 = Hobusepea gallery 2003 - 2007 / koostaja = compiled by Elin Kard
When business meets culture : ideas and experiences for mutual profit
"All museum activities converge in the public forum of the exhibition - regardless of whether the exhibit is held in the physical museum or is on the Web. Since the first edition of this book in 2002, there has been a world-wide explosion of new galleries and exhibition halls, and new ideas about how exhibitions should look and communicate. The definition of what an exhibition is has changed as exhibitions can now be virtual; non-traditional migratory and pop-up spaces play host to temporary displays; social media has created amazing opportunities for participatory engagement and shifted authority away from experts to the public; and as time-constrained audiences demand more dynamic, interactive, and mobile applications, museum leadership, managers, staff, and designers are rising to these challenges in innovative ways."--Back cover.
Conservation standards for works of art in transit and on exhibition
Curating with light luggage : reflections, discussions and revisions
Ausstellungen entwerfen : Kompendium für Architekten, Gestalter und Museologen = Designing exhibitions : a compendium for architects, designers and museum professionals
Now that we 'curate' even lunch, what happens to the role of the connoisseur in contemporary culture? 'Curate' is now a buzzword applied to everything from music festivals to artisanal cheese. Inside the art world, the curator reigns supreme, acting as the face of high-profile group shows and biennials in a way that can eclipse and assimilate the contributions of individual artists. At the same time, curatorial studies programs continue to grow in popularity, and businesses are increasingly adopting curation as a means of adding value to content and courting demographics. Everyone, it seems, is a now a curator. But what is a curator, exactly? And what does the explosive popularity of curating say about our culture's relationship with taste, labour and the avant-garde? In this incisive and original study, critic David Balzer travels through art history and around the globe to explore the cult of curation - where it began, how it came to dominate museums and galleries, and how it was co-opted at the turn of the millennium as the dominant mode of organizing and giving value to content. At the centre of the book is a paradox: curation is institutionalized and expertise-driven like never before, yet the first independent curators were not formally trained, and any act of choosing has become 'curating.' Is the professional curator an oxymoron? Has curation reached a sort of endgame, where its widespread fetishization has led to its own demise?
Climate change and museum futures
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Civilizing the museum : the collected writings of Elaine Heumann Gurian
Outre-Mer : sinertävä kaukaisuus = blue in the distance
Giorgio Vasari and the birth of the museum
Cautionary tales : critical curating
Creating connections : museums and the public understanding of current research
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
Exhibition experiments
Manual of museum exhibitions
Galerie Forsblom : since 1977
Exhibition enterprising : six cases of realisation from idea to institution
Theatre, exhibition, and curation : displayed & performed
The curatorial : a philosophy of curating
Field tripping : crossing ruptures, staying in pathways, passing thresholds : searching for a way in and out in curatorial positioning
A brief history of curating new media art : conversations with curators
Post-critical museology : theory and practice in the art museum
Effective library exhibits : how to prepare and promote good displays
Museum management and marketing
The rabbit handbook
New museum theory and practice : an introduction
The edge of everything : reflections on curatorial practice
Exhibiting photography : a practical guide to choosing a space, displaying your work, and everything in between
Commissioning contemporary art : a handbook for curators and artists
What makes a great exhibition?
Science, magic, and religion : the ritual processes of museum magic
Exhibiting cultures : the poetics and politics of museum display
Schaulager : preserve, study, share / [editor: Bettina Friedli]
Designing for an open museum : an exploration of content creation and sharing through interactive pieces
Fragments of the world : uses of the museum collections
Rotterdam dialogues : the critics, the curators, the artists : [this publication appears following the three symposia Rotterdam Dialogues: The Critics, The Curators, the Artists held at Witte de With between October 2008 and April 2009]
Good show! : a practical guide for temporary exhibitions
Present on site : transforming exhibitions and museums
Otto Neurath : museum and exhibition work : spaces (designed) for communication
Curationism : how curating took over the art world and everything else
The thing about museums : objects and experience, representation and contestation : essays in honour of professor Susan M. Pearce
Zehn Jahre Galerie im Taxispalais : Dokumentation 1999-2008 / Herausgegeben von = edited by Silvia Eiblmayr ; Beiträge von = contributions by Christiane Erharter, Natasa Ilic, Georg Schöllhammer ... [et al.]
Grasping the world : the idea of the museum
"Sculpture and the museum" offers the first in-depth account of the warying roles and meaning assigned to sculpture in museums and galleries during the modern period.
The engaging museum : developing museums for visitor involvement
The emergence of the modern museum : an anthology of nineteenth-century sources
The objective of the study is to find out how to use marketing communications mix to com-municate the integrated marketing message to the target audience in the digital age. Additionally, the aim is to conclude how intensively the different tools of the mix have been used in the case and recommend how to use them in the future to introduce similar new products. The primary research question is how to utilize the integrated marketing communications in new product introduction on a global level. The sub-questions relate to the intensity of the different tools utilized in practice and how the different tools could be used in the future when introducing new consumer electronics products. The theoretical framework was based on integrated marketing communications, focusing on the impact of the Internet on marketing communications in the digital age. The tools used in the marketing communications mix include selling, advertising, sales promotion, direct marketing, publicity / public relations, sponsorships, exhibitions, packaging, point of sale and merchandising, word of mouth, digital marketing and corporate identity. They all have the capacity to communicate the message and different roles to play. The foundation for integrated marketing communications is to not use the marketing communications tools in isolation from one another but to integrate them for conveying a consistent and continuous message together. Before introducing a new consumer electronics product to global market place a strategic planning is required. The planning defines the objectives, strategy and tactics and the selection of the media for delivering the promotional message to the target audience. The study was conducted in the form of case study. The data were gathered through participant-observation. The analytical approach was qualitative and the mode of analysis used was pattern-matching. The findings showed that many of the marketing communications tools in the mix such as word of mouth and exhibitions are already utilized but some of them are non-existent, for instance direct marketing. Therefore, the conclusion is that for future products, it is recom-mended to pay attention that the promotional message is more integrated, to strengthen the use of the tools in the current marketing communications mix further, especially digital marketing, and to introduce new tools, like direct marketing, for future projects.
Pigeons on the grass alas : contemporary curators talk about the field
Museums, media and cultural theory
MJ - Manifesta Journal : journal of contemporary curatorship 4-6
Introduction to museum work
Curating consciousness : mysticism and the modern museum
Scandinavian museums and cultural diversity
Global marketing communications in the digital age : case: consumer electronics product
Challenging History in the Museum explores work with difficult, contested and sensitive heritages in a range of museum contexts. It is based on the Challenging History project, which brings together a wide range of heritage professionals, practitioners and academics to explore heritage and museum learning programmes in relation to difficult and controversial subjects. The book draws on work from countries around the world including Brazil, Cambodia, Canada, England, Germany, Japan, Northern Ireland, Norway, Scotland, South Africa, Spain and USA and crosses a number of disciplines: Museum and Heritage Studies, Cultural Policy Studies, Performance Studies, Media Studies and Critical Theory Studies. It will also be of interest to scholars of Cultural History and Art History. --Publisher's description.
Constructing a legend : the international exhibitions of Finnish architecture 1957-1967
Hands-on exhibitions : managing interactive museums and science centres
Science centres and science events : a science communication handbook
Are we living in the golden age of the ethnographical museum?
Virtuality and the art of exhibition : curatorial design for the multimedial museum
Vähän kiva = Lite kiva = Kind of nice : Galerie Anhava 20
Challenging history in the museum : international perspectives
The Finnish women artists' exhibition in Berlin in 1943 : Aune Lindström's tour de force
Exhibition prosthetics
Curating now : imaginative practice, public responsibility
Trade fair design annual 2006/2007 : international = Messedesign Jahrbuch 2006/2007
All the world's a fair : visions of empire at American international expositions, 1876-1916
Fax art : just now
Beyond the box : diverging curatorial practices
Choreographing exhibitions = Chorégraphier l'exposition / a book by = un livre de Mathieu Copeland
In detail : exhibitions and displays: museum design concepts, brand presentation, trade show design
Library displays handbook
Deus ex machina : the audio production for Adel Abidin's "Blueprint"
