http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8977 mania
mania
Tulipmania : money, honor, and knowledge in the Dutch golden age
Founded by Mani (c. AD 216–276), a Syrian visionary of Judaeo-Christian background who lived in Persian Mesopotamia, Manichaeism spread rapidly into the Roman Empire in the third and fourth centuries AD and became one of the most persecuted heresies under Christian Roman emperors. The religion established missionary cells in Syria, Egypt, North Africa and Rome and has in Augustine of Hippo the most famous of its converts. The study of the religion in the Roman Empire has benefited from discoveries of genuine Manichaean texts from Medinet Madi and from the Dakhleh Oasis in Egypt, as well as successful decipherment of the Cologne Mani-Codex which gives an autobiography of the founder in Greek. This 2004 book is a single-volume collection of sources for this religion, and draws from material mostly unknown to English-speaking scholars and students, offers in translation genuine Manichaean texts from Greek, Latin and Coptic.
Case study: mania associated with multiple sclerosis
Voltaire's coconuts, or, Anglomania in Europe
Cities on the move 4 : the Asian city of the 90s : statements : Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, 29.1. - 21.4.1999 / curators: Hou Hanru og Hans-Ulrich Obrist
"Pan-Finnish propaganda" and Russian policy in Karelia at the beginning of the 20th century
An instrument for changing nationalist strategies : the Finnish theatre company , 1872-1883
Cities on the move = Kaupungit liikkeessä : Kiasma, Nykytaiteen museo = Museum of Contemporary art, 6.11.1999 - 9.1.2000 / [näyttelykuraattorit = exchibition curators: Hou Hanru, Hans-Ulrich Obrist ; luettelon toimitus = edited by Patrik Nyberg]
Dance mania : hardcore traxx: Dance Mania records 1986-1997
The mirror world of melody black
Bipolar expeditions : mania and depression in American culture
The Kalevala epic in modern Finland - an issue of textualization and representation
Nationalism and orthodoxy : two thematic studies on national ideologies and their interaction with the church
Encountering the Hungarian alterity : an analysis of a narrative by a Finnish traveller
Summary: "The necessity for the Lending Library" : the introduction of the modern "desire to read" into Finland and the institutions of reading.
"I devote myself to the Fatherland" : Finnish folklore, patriotic nationalism, and racial ideology
Literacy skills as local intangible capital : the history of a rural lending library c. 1860 - 1920
Contains eight works of Augustine of Hippo written against the Manicheans. Augustine's "Answer to Faustus, a Manichean", a huge work containing thirty-three books, will follow in the next volume of this section of the current series.
The art of frenzy : public madness in the visual culture of Europe, 1500-1850
Marbles : Mania, depression, Michelangelo, + me : a graphic memoir
Mania and literary style : the rhetoric of enthusiasm from the Ranters to Christopher Smart
Eliel Aspelin as researcher of ancient Greek sculpture - a detour, or a breakaway from C. G. Estlander / Hanne Selkokari
The illustrated Bartsch : 45 : Italian masters of the seventeenth century / edited by Mark Carter Leach and  Richard W. Wallace ; general editor: Walter L. Strauss
Circadian rhythm disruptions and health
Manichaeism in the later Roman empire and medieval China : a historical survey
Mani's pictures : the didactic images of the Manichaeans from Sasanian Mesopotamia to Uygur Central Asia and Tang-Ming China
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part 1, vol. 19, The Manichean debate
Literacy Skills as Local Intangible Capital : The History of a Rural Lending Library c. 1860–1920
Voltaire's coconuts : or Anglomania in Europe
Mani, the Angel and the Column of Glory : an anthology of Manichaean texts
Mani at the court of the Persian kings : studies on the Chester Beatty Kephalaia Codex
Behavioural and pharmacological characterization of a mouse model for psychotic disorders – focus on glutamatergic transmission
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
Manichaeism : an ancient faith rediscovered
Edward Westermarck as a Finnish patriot abroad
Behavioural and pharmacological characterization of a mouse model for psychotic disorders : focus on glutamatergic transmission
Mental health nursing : an evidence-based approach
Prince Claus Awards 2009 / editors Fariba de Bruin-Derakhshani, Barbara Murray
National language policy at the local level : the realisation of language legislation in late-19th-century Finland
In Mani at the Court of the Persian Kings the authors explore evidence arising from their project to edit the Chester Beatty Kephalaia codex. This new text presents Mani at the heart of Sasanian Iran in dialogue with its sages and nobles, acting as a cultural mediator between East and West and interpreter of Christian, Iranian, and Indian traditions. Nine chapters study Mani's appropriation of the 'law of Zarades' and of Iranian epic; suggest a new understanding of his last days; and analyse his formative role in the history of late antique religions. These interdisciplinary studies advance research in several fields and will be of interest to scholars of Manichaeism, Sasanian Iran, and the development of religions in Late Antiquity.
Mania : a short history of bipolar disorder
Gender and nationalism in Finland in the early nineteenth century
The founder of Manichaeism, Mani (216-274/277 CE), not only wrote down his teachings to prevent their adulteration, but also created a set of paintings—the Book of Pictures—to be used in the context of oral instruction. That pictorial handscroll and its later editions became canonical art for Mani's followers for a millennium afterwards. This richly illustrated study systematically explores the artistic culture of religious instruction of the Manichaeans based on textual and artistic evidence. It discusses the doctrinal themes (soteriology, prophetology, theology, and cosmology) depicted in Mani's canonical pictures. Moreover, it identifies 10th-century fragments of canonical picture books, as well as select didactic images adapted to other, non-canonical art objects (murals, hanging scrolls, mortuary banners, and illuminated liturgical manuscripts) in Uygur Central Asia and Tang-Ming China.
Station to station : Københavns Hovedbanegård [= Copenhagen Central Station, 4.8. - 30.8.2000] / [interviews and texts by Jay Kay]
Gastronomy : the anthropology of food and food habits
Historians on Finland's status in the Russian Empire
Messengers of the brain
Words and reeds : national style versus modernity in Finnish architecture 1890-1916 : the writings and work of Vilho Penttilä and the architecture of financial institutions
Marbles : Mania, depression, Michelangelo, + me : A graphic memoir
Daniele Manin and the Venetian revolution of 1848-49
Finns in the shadow of the "Aryans" : race theories and racism
Dance mania : hardcore traxx : Dance Mania Records 1986-1997
Heralds of that good realm : Syro-Mesopotamian gnosis and Jewish traditions
Mani and Manichaeism
Lord of chaos
Manichaean texts from the Roman Empire
Finnish masters of alien music traditions
Mani : a religio-historical description of his personality
Rockin seitsemän elämää. 7, What the world is waiting for
One mind, one language : the nationalist tradition in Finnish political culture
The black tulip / : Alexandre Dumas ; simplified by Michael West
Recognition, comorbidity, and outcome of DSM-IV bipolar I and II disorders in psychiatric care
Finland as a peasant society and the agrarian reforms
Recognition, comorbidity and outcome of bipolar disorders in psychiatric care
The last word : women, death, and divination in Inner Mani
