http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8970 authors
authors writers
Istanbul : memories and the city
Latvian literature. 2002 autumn/winter / project managers: Pauls Bankovskis, Karstens Lomholts] ; [board of editors: Pauls Bankovskis ... et al.] ; [copy editor: Pauls Bankovskis] ; [English language editors: Geoffrey Heller ... et al.]
Collected essays. Volume four
The return : fathers, sons, and the land in between
A literary history of England
Webster's new world companion to English and American literature
Literary history of the United States : history
Humiliated and insulted : from the notes of an unsuccessful author
Passions and impressions
Dictionary of literary pseudonyms
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
Under the net
Women
The reign of wonder : naivety and reality in American literature
Latvian literature. 2002 spring/summer [project managers: Pauls Bankovskis, Karstens Lomholts] ; [board of editors: Pauls Bankovskis ... et al.] ; [copy editor: Pauls Bankovskis] ; [English language editors: Geoffrey Heller]
The story of Kullervo
Eat, pray, love : one woman's search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia
First in a new series. After losing her job as a journalist at the age of 45, Lila Wilkins accepts an internship at A Novel Idea, a thriving literary agency in North Carolina. When a penniless aspiring author drops dead in the agency's waiting room--and Lila discovers a series of threatening letters--she's determined to find out who wrote him off.
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
Autobiographical reading
World authors 1970-1975
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Roughing it
Good fiction guide
Death of a writer : a novel
What would Dickens do?
Call me Burroughs
The case of the missing statue : a historical and literary study of the Stalin monument in Prague
Fifty key classical authors
The pigeon tunnel : stories from my life
"High Notes draws from six decades of Talese's work, from his long-form pieces for Esquire to his more autobiographical writings of the eighties and nineties to his twenty-first-century reflections on New York, New Yorkers, and the institution of which he is the longtime chronicler, the New York Times"--
Sculptor's daughter : a childhood memoir
The Kovak box
Greece : books and writers
The first man
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Avenue of mysteries
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
The floating world in Japanese fiction
Who's who in Dickens
The education of a British-protected child : essays
The opposite of loneliness : essays & stories
Remarks on Swedenborgian elements in the literary production of Johan Ludvig Runeberg
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
High notes : selected writings
John Le Carré : the biography
Sophia's secret
A collection of original travel stories told by some of the world’s best novelists, including Isabel Allende, Keri Hulme, Peter Matthiessen, Alexander McCall Smith, Joyce Carol Oates, Téa Obreht and DBC Pierre. Exhilaratingly varied in place, plot, and voice, these tales all share one common characteristic: They manifest a passion for the precious gifts that travel confers, from its unexpected but inevitably enriching lessons about other peoples and places to the truths – sometimes uncomfortable but always enlarging – it reveals about ourselves.
Buried in a book
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific crest trail
Around the heart in eleven years : a travel memoir. Part 1
The siren
Shaking hands with death
Canadian novelists 1920-1945
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
Modern women writers
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
Everything you ever wanted : a memoir
Pen portraits and reviews by Bernard Shaw
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
The first love cookie club
Encyclopedia of Latin American and Caribbean literature 1900-2003
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
I know why the caged bird sings
Wishful drinking
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
Varieties of parable
Jane Austen, the secret radical
The princess diarist
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Afternoon of an author : a selection of uncollected stories and essays
The flowering of New England
The love and death of Caterina
Palm Sunday : an autobiographical collage
Fallout : a novel
Tibetan peach pie : a true account of an imaginative life
Capote : a biography
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Moonglow : a novel
Scenes from provincial life
New England discovery : a personal view
Selected letters of Mary Antin
Granite and rainbow
Black boy
The Hungarian writer of the Lost Time : memory and poetical imitation in Krúdy Gyula’s work
The man she loved
Yellow blue tibia
Booklife : survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Any human heart
A history of Danish literature
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
The day gone by : an autobiography
A history of English Literature
Avowals and denials : a book of essays
Fifty key figures in science fiction
Katherine Mansfield and other literary portraits
Hungry heart : adventures in life, love, and writing
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 203, Medieval Japanese writers
Midnight in a perfect life
Selected essays
Journal of a Solitude
The selected writings of Lafcadio Hearn
Landscapes and portraits : appreciations of japanese culture
Good things I wish you
"In 2012, after the overthrow of Qaddafi, the acclaimed novelist Hisham Matar journeys to his native Libya after an absence of thirty years. When he was twelve, Matar and his family went into political exile. Eight years later Matar's father, a former diplomat and military man turned brave political dissident, was kidnapped from the streets of Cairo by the Libyan government and is believed to have been held in the regime's most notorious prison. Now, the prisons are empty and little hope remains that Jaballah Matar will be found alive. Yet, as the author writes, hope is "persistent and cunning." This book is a profoundly moving family memoir, a brilliant and affecting portrait of a country and a people on the cusp of immense change, and a disturbing and timeless depiction of the monstrous nature of absolute power"--
H is for hawk
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
H Is for hawk
A summer in Italy
The author speaks : selected PW interviews 1967-1976
An area of darkness
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
Living to tell the tale
The new poets : American and British poetry since world war II
Congenial spirits : the selected letters of Virginia Woolf
Writers' houses
In other words
Travels in the north
Reader, I married him : Stories Inspired by Jane Eyre
Transgressor of the nation
History and urban prose fiction in Helsinki: case Toivo Tarvas
Spotty powder and other splendiferous secrets
Selected passages from correspondence with friends
The rise of the American novel
The walls behind the curtain : East European prison literature, 1945-1990
The Greek attitude to poetry and history
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Twenty novelists
The girl in the gatehouse
Always running : la vida loca, gang days in L.A
Transforming trauma into fiction : Marguerite Duras's India cycle
The quiddity of Will Self
The Pelican guide to English literature. Volume 6 : From Dickens to Hardy
Writers and society in modern Japan
Collected essays. Volume two
The Elvis of letters
Dubliners, A portrait of the artist as a young man, Chamber music
London for the literary pilgrim
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
The prince
Collected essays. Volume one
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
The common reader. First series
Our literary heritage : a pictorial history of the writer in America
Introduction to masters of American literature
Collected essays. Volume three
A time of harvest : American literature 1910-1960
Collected essays. 1
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
A Portrait of the artist as a young girl
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
H. L. Mencken's smart set criticism
Shadows on the grass
The mystery of briony lodge
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Death and the lit chick
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
Those who leave and those who stay
Quite early one morning
Better than fiction : true travel tales from great fiction writers
Essays, speeches & public letters
Oscar Wilde : a life in letters
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Writers on writing : the art of the short story
Tropic of Cancer
Always Emily
Criticism in America : an account of the development of critical techniques from the early period of the republic to the middle years of twentieth century
We should all be feminists
Public enemies : dueling writers take on each other and the world
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Ask the dust
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
Final drafts : suicides of world-famous authors
"Helps writers traverse the often difficult journey from first draft to finished product." Publishers Weekly "One of the things that sets VanderMeer apart is his embrace of technology and media" Wired.com The world has changed, and with it the writing life. In addition to crafting a novel or non-fiction work, writers must now consider a slew of "new media" promotion opportunities: blogs, social networks, mini-feeds, and podcasts, to name just a few. Booklife will provide you with the strategic and tactical intel to develop your writing career and thrive in this new environment. It explores questions such as How can authors use social media and the internet? How does the new online paradigm affect authors, readers, and the book industry? Tips of the trade culled from 25 years of experience as a writer, reviewer, editor, publisher, agent, and blogger are shared. Booklife also includes the feature 'How to Write a Novel in Two Months'. Whether you're a beginning, intermediate, or advanced writer, self-published, published in the independent press, or by large commercial conglomerates, this book will be of value to you and help you achieve your writing goals.
A man lies dreaming
"Virginibus puerisque" and other papers, memories and portraits
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
thors subscribed to an emblematic worldview within the Classical discourse of nature as a book, ultimately supported by a framework of logocentrism and theism. Runeberg's discussion of words and things,and his use of the metaphor of light, places him within a mainstream nineteenth-century spirituality, which may be juxtaposed, in addition to general Romantic views, also with Swedenborgian sources.
Walden and civil disobedience
The folded clock : a diary
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Surprised by joy
Death of a cozy writer
