http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p8996 rock ptarmigan
rock ptarmigan Lagopus mutus
Heart/body weight ratio in the Willow Grouse, Lagopus lagopus, and Rock Ptarmigan, Lagopus mutus, in Finnish Lapland
Until thy wrath be past
The eiscat common programme at uhf
Lars Levi Sunna : crafting a Sámi presence in the Swedish state church
Women and men in Kiruna - on changes in sex/gender relations and everyday life
Workshop on light and darkness, biological rhythms and living conditions in the Arctic : Kiruna, Sweden April 26-27, 1974
Making place for space : a history of 'Space Town' Kiruna 1943-2000
Discourses and decision making : a case study of a relocating town
Parasite tags in ecological studies of terrestrial hosts : a study on ptarmigan (Lagopus spp.) dispersal
Winter nutrition of the rock ptarmigan, Lagopus mutus (Montin), in northern Finland
The savage altar
Abstract: 137 rock ptarmigan were shot in Finnish Lapland during the period 19. XII. 1967 - 1. III. 1968. The birds were sexed internally and aged, and the coloration of their heads and rectrices was examined. The heads were classified into five colour phases according to the coloration of the lores and the rectrices into three colour phases according to the extent of brown pigmentation...
Polonium-210 and lead-210 in some terrestrial animals in Finland
Major fatty acid composition of some organ fats in the willow grouse (Lagopus lagopus) and the rock ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus)
The Lapps today in Finland, Norway, and Sweden. 2, Conferences of Stockholm 1959, Inari 1959, Kiruna 1962
The second deadly sin
Geology of the Kiruna area
Abstract: The winter food of the rock ptarmigan and its chemical composition in two areas in Finnish Lapland were studied in 1966/67 and 1967/68. A total of 197 crop contents were examined. In late autumn and early spring berries...
The black path
Geotectonic evolution of Paleoproterozoic greenstones in northern Sweden  indicated by lithostratigraphic and geochemical data
The migrations from nomad to urban districts in Northern Sweden: Jukkasjärvi and Gällivare
Abstract: Samples of reindeer, moose, willow grouse and rock ptarmigan as well as samples of great predators such as wolverine, wolf, lynx and bear have been collected from Lapland and other parts of Finland and analysed for the natural radionuclides...
Colour variation and sex identification in the rock ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus) in Finland
