http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p90 fungi
fungi
The Ascomycete genus Eupenicillium and related Penicillium anamorphs
North American mushrooms : a field guide to edible and inedible fungi
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Cytochrome P450-selective prodrugs and inhibitors
Abstract.
The ecology of aquatic hyphomycetes
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 24, Contribution to the knowledge of genus Agaricus
Pictorial atlas of soil and seed fungi : Morphologies of cultured fungi and key to species
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 25, Rare and interesting species of Psathyrella
Agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Cortinarius chromataphilus, Cortinarius croceocaeruleus, Cortinarius disjungendulus, Cortinarius nolaneiformis, Cortinarius olididisjungendus, Cortinarius piceidisjungendus, Crepidotus stenocystis, Entoloma callirhodon, Entoloma rhombisporum, Hydropus marginellus, Macrocystidia cucumis var. latifolia, Russula clementinae, Russula fellea, Russula mairei, Russula roseicolor and three ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Eutypella extensa, Octospora coccinea and Sporormiella megalospora are reported as new to Finland. Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius balteatialutaceus, Cortinarius balteatibulbosus, Cortinarius balteaticlavatus, Cortinarius boreicyanites, Cortinarius boreidionysae, Cortinarius brunneiaurantius, Cortinarius caesiocolor, Cortinarius caesiolamellatus, Cortinarius caesiophylloides, Cortinarius cremeiamarescens, Cortinarius flavipallens, Cortinarius infractiflavus, Cortinarius kytoevuorii, Cortinarius luteiaureus, Cortinarius myrtilliphilus, Cortinarius ochribubalinus, Cortinarius pallidirimosus, Cortinarius subrubrovelatus, Cortinarius talimultiformis, Inocybe fuscescentipes and Inocybe subpaleacea is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Camarops tubulina, Catathelasma imperiale, Entoloma longistriatum, Galerina calyptrospora, Hyaloscypha epiporia, Hymenogaster tener, Porpoloma metapodium and Sowerbyella imperialis are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius balteatoalbus, Cortinarius crassifolius (under C. coracis), Cortinarius cyanites, Cortinarius dionysae and Inocybe lindrothii..
The effect of grazing history on fungal diversity in broadleaved wood pastures
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
Our mouldy earth : a study in the fungi of our environment with emphasis on water
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi from two chromium contaminated sites, one with 275 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr (zone A) and the other with 550 mg kg⁻¹ Cr (zone B), were multiplied and tentatively identified. The effect of both fungal consortia on Plantago lanceolata plant growth in a substrate amended with 200 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr and with 400 mg kg⁻¹ Cr was assessed and compared with the growth of plants inoculated with Glomus intraradices BEG72. Only the plants inoculated with G. intraradices BEG72 and with the fungal consortia obtained from the area with a high Cr contamination (zone B) grew in the soil with 400 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr. The consortia of fungi from zone B, decreased the plant's uptake/translocation of the heavy metal compared with G. intraradices BEG72. These results underscore the differential effect of AM fungi in conferring bioprotection in Cr contaminated soils.
Coelomycetous anamorphs with appendage-bearing conidia
The Fusarium mycotoxins in Finnish cereal grains : how to control and manage the risk
The new guide to mushrooms : the ultimate guide to identifying, picking and using mushrooms
Coloured illustrations of fungi of Japan
Flax rust and its control
The nephrotoxicity of Cortinarius speciosissimus gathered in Finland : an experimental study in the rat
Seed health problems in tropical forest tree seeds and their impact on seedling production
Common fleshy fungi
Finch
Phylogeny and relationships in the Ascomycetes
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Introductory mycology
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Fungi of the Pechoro-Ilychsky reserve
Annotated List of the Corticiaceae, sensu lato (Aphyllophorales, Basidiomycotina), for peninsular Spain and Balearic Islands
A new checklist of the lichen-forming, lichenicolous and allied fungi occurring in Finland is presented. It contains 1458 lichen taxa and an additional 166 taxa of lichenicolous and allied fungi, for a total of 1624 taxa, of which many are new to Finland. The provincial distribution of each taxon is indicated. The Finnish and Swedish vernacular names are given for many species and genera. Numerous new Finnish names are introduced. The species listed as threatened in Finland are classified into six categories. A special symbol is used to indicate if the nomenclatural type material is from Finland.
Springer handbook of marine biotechnology
Preliminary observations on the occurrence of Ciboria batschiana (Zopf) Buchwald in the Czech Republic
One genera of agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Romagnesiella and 12 species are reported as new to Finland: Agaricus macrocarpus, Arrhenia obatra, Arrhenia obscurata, Arrhenia rigidipes, Coprinellus brevisetulosus, Coprinus candidatus, Entoloma plebejum, Hydnum vesterholtii, Inocybe phaeocystidiosa, Mycena clavata, Omphalina arctica and Romagnesiella clavus. Two genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Strossmayeria, Phaeomollisia and 8 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnopeziza delicatula, Hyaloscypha diabolica, Hyalopeziza cf. tianschanica, Phaeomollisia piceae, Phialina pseudopuberula, Sphaeropezia hepaticarum, Strossmayeria basitricha and Trichopeziza subsulphurea.    Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius angustisporus, C. cacaodiscus, C. caesioarmeniacus, C. centrirufus, C. crassisporus, C. cruentiphyllus, C. davemallochii, C. ferrugineovelatus, C. furvus, C. fuscescens, C. murinascens, C. privignipallens, C. pseudofervidus, C. roseivelatus, C. roseocastaneus, C. subbrunneoideus, C. subexitiosus, C. squamivenetus, C. uraceisporus, Hebeloma eburneum, H. salicicola, Hygrophorus exiguus and Psathyrella fennoscandica is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Coprinopsis patouillardii, Cuphophyllus cinerellus, Galerina perplexa, Galerina pruinatipes, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Inocybe boreocarelica, Marasmius setosus, Psathyrella potteri, Psathyrella tenuicula, Russula adulterina, Russula pyriodora, Scutellinia trechispora, Sowerbyella imperialis and Volvariella murinella are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius angulosus (under C. duristipes), Coprinopsis patouillardii and Psathyrella potteri.
The fungi of Scotland and their geographical distribution
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
The Australasian Pezizales in the herbarium of the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew
Proceedings of the Second Symposium of the International Working Group on Plant Viruses with Fungal Vectors : McGill University, Montreal, Canada, July 25-27, 1993
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Plantago lanceolata growth and Cr uptake after mycorrhizal inoculation in a Cr amended substrate
Twelve edible mushrooms of the United States : how to select and prepare for the table
Polypore Skeletocutis lenis and its sib S. vulgaris
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
Clonal types of oral yeasts in relation to age, health, and geography
A monographic revision of the genus Sclerotinia
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous <em>Vitreoscilla</em> haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Oral immune defense against chronic hyperplastic candidosis
New national and regional biological records for Finland 3. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 2.
Danish species of Alternaria and Stemphylium : taxonomy, parasitism, economical significance
The mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 3, Biochemistry and molecular biology
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
Super happy magic forest. Slug of doom
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Woodland
Species diversity of freshwater hyphomycetes in some streams of Pakistan. II. Seasonal differences of fungal communities on leaves
Food for free
Taxonomy of the Pyrenomycetes
Chytridiomycetarum iconographia : an illustrated and brief descriptive guide to the chytridiomycetous genera with a supplement of the hyphochytriomycetes
Supplement to "A monograph of Clavaria and allied genera"
Descriptions of medical fungi
In silico metabolic modelling of Saccharomyces cerevisiae for the overproduction of succinate using OptKnock and OptGene
Identification of pathogenic fungi
Field guide to edible mushrooms of Britain and Europe
Mushrooms : a quick reference guide to mushrooms of North America
Outlines of British fungology. Supplement
An introduction to the taxonomy and nomenclature of fungi
Environmental mycology in public health : fungi and mycotoxins risk assessment and management
Catabolism of biomass-derived sugars in fungi and metabolic engineering as a tool for organic acid production
Production of fungal volatile organic compounds in bedding materials
Wood-inhabiting basidiomycetes in the Caucasus region : Systematics and biogeography
Infectious Diseases of the Skin : Dirk M. Elston
Cryptogamic plants of the USSR. Vol. 4, No. 1, Fungi : rust fungi
Parasitic fungi of Wisconsin
Mycographia seu icones fungorum : figures of fungi from all parts of the world, drawn and illustrated by
Fungi imperfecti of the Færöes
Agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Amanita flavescens, Cortinarius brunneotinctus, Cortinarius claroplaniusculus, Cortinarius orasericeus, Cortinarius pardinipes, Cortinarius rufoallutus, Entoloma querquedula, Galerina calyptrospora, Galerina lacustris and Tricholomopsis flammula are reported as new to Finland. Three genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Ascocodinea, Pseudoproboscispora, Scabropezia and 16 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnocrea stipata, Ascocodinea polyporicola, Capronia parasitica, Diaporthe dulcamarae, Endoxylina astroidea, Gnomoniopsis tormentillae, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Helvella latispora, Helvella terrestris, Peziza celtica, Hypocrea estonica, Mycosphaerella topographica, Ophiobolus galii, Pseudoproboscispora caudae-suis, Roesleria subterranean, Scabropezia scabrosa. Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius alticaudus, Cortinarius bovinatus, Cortinarius cobaltinus, Cortinarius olympianus, Cortinarius sannio, Cortinarius sobrius, Cortinarius subfoetens is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa: Cortinarius barbaricus, Desmazierella piceicola and Tuber anniae s.lat. are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius luteobrunnescens, Cortinarius metarius, Cortinarius patibilis and Cortinarius pseudonaevosus..
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in boreal streams:the effects of anthropogenic disturbances and naturally stressful environments
The wonderful world of mushrooms and other fungi
Characterisation and engineering of protein-carbohydrate interactions
The little book of truffles
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 31, Rare or noteworthy Helotiales
New national and regional biological records for Finland 4. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 3.
Fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Susceptibility of wheat varieties and hybrids to fusarial head blight in Minnesota
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
Mushrooms of eastern Canada and the United States : how to recognize and prepare the edible varieties
The emergence of cereal fungal diseases and the incidence of leaf spot diseases in Finland
Mushrooms of Algonquin Provincial Park
History and consequences of migrations, changes in epidemiology and population structure of potato late blight, Phytophthora infestans, in Finland from 1845 to 2011
Advances in food and nutrition research : volume 54
Fundamentals of the fungi
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Check list of Libyan fungi : supplement to Flora of Libya
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
A little illustrated book of common mushrooms of Newfoundland and Labrador
Additions to Finnish Aphylloporoid Fungi
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Beneficial fungi and their utilization
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Rust resistance in winter-wheat varieties
Fungi and lignocellulosic biomass
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 2, Some rare Agaricales with brown or darker spores
The fungi of Ceylon
Fresh in autumn : cooking with Alastair Hendy
Laboratory identification of fungi that cause human infections.
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Effect of soil-spraying time on root-colonization ability of antagonistic Streptomyces griseoviridis
Stump removal to control root rot in forest stands : a literature study
The mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. 1, Growth, differentiation and sexuality
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish)
Root colonization with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and glomalin-related soil protein (GRSP) concentration in hypoxic soils in natural CO2 springs
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
The biocontrol agent phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy and impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Checklist of lichens and allied fungi of Finland
Byssocorticium efibulatum is reported as new to Finland. New records of following rare or little collected species are presented and notes of their substrates are given: Cristinia gallica, Helicogloea farinacea, Helicogloea lagerheimii, Phlebia femsioeensis, Sistotrema dennisii and Tomentella coerulea. We also list 33 aphyllophoroid fungi as new to some section of the boreal vegetation zone in Finland..
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
A manual of the British discomycetes : with descriptions of all the species of fungi hitherto found in Britain, included in the family, and illustrations of the genera
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
Vegetable cooking of all nations
Wolf Hall
Distribution, ecology and status of 51 macromycetes in Europe : results of the ECCF Mapping Programme
Wild food
Exploring the mushroom world
Micro-organisms (bacteria and fungi) in buildings
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 11, Interesting macromycetes found in the Czech and Slovak Republics
A monograph of the Pucciniastreae
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Resumen (Abstract in Spanish)
Biotechnology and fungal differentiation
A Contribution to a revision of the North American Hydnaceae
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Fungi and food spoilage
Mushrooms
Two ex situ fungal technologies to treat contaminated soil
The genus Tilletia
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 19, A study on nivicolous Myxomycetes : the genus Lamproderma I
Mushrooms, edible and otherwise : habitat and time of growth
Wood and tree fungi : biology, damage, protection, and use
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
A laboratory guide to fungi in polluted waters, sewage, and sewage treatment systems : their identification and culture
Environment and genetic background affecting endophyte-grass symbiosis
New national and regional biological records for Finland 4. Additions to the knowledge of Finnish aphyllophoroid funga (Basidiomycota)
Timber production is an economically important provisioning ecosystem service in forests, but is often in conflict with the provision of other ecosystem services. In multifunctional forestry, the production of timber and non-timber ecosystem services should coexist in the same landscape. To this end, we explored the capacity of a boreal landscape to simultaneously produce collectable goods − bilberry (Vaccimium myrtillus L.), cowberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) and cep (Boletus edulis Bull.) − alongside timber revenues. We also identified optimal forest management plans to achieve this. Furthermore, we analyzed trade-offs between collectable good yields and timber production, as well as between their economic values. We ran forest growth simulations under seven alternative management regimes at a landscape level across 50-year planning horizons. Then, we used multi-objective optimization to explore trade-offs and identify optimal forest management plans. The results showed that the strongest trade-off was between bilberry and timber production, resulting in a large loss in timber revenues for a gain in bilberry production. However, the conflicts between other collectables and timber production were relatively small: it was possible to increase the provision of collectable goods 4-15% with small reductions (3−5%) from timber revenues. With careful forest planning, there is the potential to simultaneously produce high levels of collectable goods and timber revenues in the landscape..
Farming the woods : an integrated permaculture approach to growing food and medicinals in temperate forests
Non-flowering plants
Mushroom
The phragmosporous species of Nectria and related genera : (Calonectria, Ophionectria, Paranectria, Scoleconectria and Trichonectria)
Island
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Über das Vorkommen von Puccinia Halosciadis Sydow in Lappland
Mushroom recipes
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Edible mushrooms and their cultivation
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Taxonomy and phylogeny of white-rot polypores : case studies in Hymenochaetales and Polyporales (Basidiomycota)
Biocomplexity of plant-fungal interactions
Quality and shelf life of packaged fresh sliced mushrooms stored at two different temperatures
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
Straminipilous fungi : systematics of the peronosporomycetes including accounts of the marine straminipilous protists, the plasmodiophorids and similar organisms
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Fungi and allied organisms
Fungal biology : understanding the fungal lifestyle
Short-term effects of prescribed burning on wood-rotting fungi
Fungi in ecosystem processes
Climate change and boreal rivers:predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 21, Contribution to the knowledge of species of Entoloma subgenus Leptonia
Cheats and deceits : how animals and plants exploit and mislead
Assessment of caries risk in toddlers:a longitudinal cohort study
The molds and man : an introduction to the fungi
Changed ratios of soil gases that lead to hypoxia are most often present in waterlogged soils, but can also appear in soils not saturated with water. In natural CO₂ springs (mofettes), gases in soil air differ from those in typical soils. In this study, plant roots from the mofette area Stavešinci (Slovenia) were sampled in a spatial scale and investigated for AM fungal colonization. AM fungi were found in roots from areas with high geological CO₂ concentration, however mycorrhizal intensity was relatively low and no correlation between AM fungal colonization and soil pattern of CO₂/O₂ concentrations (up to 37% CO₂) was found. The relatively high abundance of arbuscules in root cortex indicated existence of functional symbiosis at much higher CO₂ concentrations than normally found in soils. In addition, concentration of two different glomalin-related soil protein fractions - EE-GRSP and TG-GRSP - was measured. No significant correlation between any of the fractions and soil gases was found, however the concentration of both fractions was significantly higher in the upper 0-5 cm, compared to the 5-10 cm layer of the soil.
Testing fungal DNA on ligation detection reaction microarray
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
A monograph of the British Uredineae and Ustilagineae
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Mycology guide : key terms and concepts
Mycosphaerella and its anamorphs : 2, Conspectus of Mycosphaerella
Functional dissection of alternative secretory pathways in the yeast S. cerevisiae
Lignocellulose degradation and humus modification by the fungus Paecilomyces inflatus
An illustrated guide to aquatic and water-borne Hyphomycetes (Fungi imperfecti) : with notes on their biology
Summary.
An atlas of the clinical microbiology of infectious diseases. Volume ll, Viral, fungal & parasitic agents
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Polypores of the Białowieża forest
Emerging bioresources with nutraceutical and pharmaceutical prospects
Managing boreal forests for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
Fungal biology in the origin and emergence of life
New national and regional biological records for Finland 5. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 4.
Old and fresh Gremmeniella abietina damage on Scots pine in eastern Lapland in 1992.
The complete mushroom hunter : an illustrated guide to finding, harvesting, and enjoying wild mushrooms
Conservation of polypore diversity in managed forests of boreal Fennoscandia
A monograph of cantharelloid fungi
An introduction to Zambia's wild mushrooms : and how to use them
British parasitic fungi : a host-parasite index and a guide to British literature on the fungus diseases of cultivated plants
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 9 : three new species and other species in Rigidoporus, Skeletocutis and Wolfiporia (Basidiomycota, Aphyllopholares)
New records of Myxomycetes to the Åland Islands
Entoloma graphitipes : a species new to Northern Europe
The lower fungi ; Phycomycetes
Effects of pre- and post-transplant inoculation with commercial arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi on pelargonium (Pelargonium hortorum) and its microorganism community
Fungal plant pathogens causing cereal diseases in Finland have been studied by a literature survey, and a field survey of cereal leaf spot diseases conducted in 2009. Fifty-seven cereal fungal diseases have been identified in Finland. The first available references on different cereal fungal pathogens were published in 1868 and the most recent reports are on the emergence of Ramularia collo-cygni and Fusarium langsethiae in 2001. The incidence of cereal leaf spot diseases has increased during the last 40 years. Based on the field survey done in 2009 in Finland, Pyrenophora teres was present in 86%, Cochliobolus sativus in 90% and Rhynchosporium secalis in 52% of the investigated barley fields. Mycosphaerella graminicola was identified for the first time in Finnish spring wheat fields, being present in 6% of the studied fields. Stagonospora nodorum was present in 98% and Pyrenophora tritici-repentis in 94% of spring wheat fields. Oat fields had the fewest fungal diseases. Pyrenophora chaetomioides was present in 63% and Cochliobolus sativus in 25% of the oat fields studied.
A world-monograph of the genus Thecotheus (Ascomycetes, Pezizales)
Clinical microbiology made ridiculously simple
Fungi of India (1967-71)
Rooted cuttings of geranium were grown with and without a slow release fertilizer and inoculated or not with a commercial inoculum containing AM fungi. After six weeks plants were transplanted into larger containers and one-half of the plants were inoculated with AM. Inoculation increased pelargonium growth along with nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium concentrations in shoot than caused a slight decrease in shoot growth and enhanced N concentration.    Colony forming units of total fungi and bacteria in the rhizosphere were not influenced by AM;  although RFLP profiles of DNA isolated from bacteria living in rhizosphere showed a more diverse community in AM-inoculated than non-inoculated plants at low nutrient supply. Our results suggest that mycorrhizal inoculation not only has an effect on plant growth and uptake of elements but it also influences directly or indirectly the bacterial community of the rhizosphere.
Soil microbiology, ecology and biochemistry
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Taxonomy, ecology and distribution of Hygrocybe (Fr.) P. Kumm. and Camarophyllopsis Herink (Fungi, Basidiomycota, Hygrocybeae) in Greenland
Mycographia seu icones fungorum = Figures of fungi from all parts of the world. Vol. 1, Discomycetes. Part 1
We present eight species of Myxomycetes new to the Åland Islands: Arcyodes incarnata, Arcyria major, Cribraria argillacea, Didymium nigripes, Physarum auriscalpium, Stemonitis foliicola, Stemonitopsis typhina and Trichia contorta. The record of S. foliicola is the second in Finland. Specimens were collected mainly in September 2013. Altogether the number of Myxomycetes species found from the Åland Islands is now 49.
The easy edible mushroom guide : Britain and Europe
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 22, Macromiceti nuovi, rari of specifici della regione mediterranea
Scots pine and its ectomycorrhizal symbionts under chronic low-level urban pollution : responses and restoration
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Microfungi on miscellaneous substrates : an identification handbook
8. Nordic Mycological Congress 18.-22.8.1986 : a tentative check-list of the larger fungi of Central Finland : field excursions
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Tropical mycology. Vol. 2, Micromycetes
The bounty of the earth cookbook
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Botrytis : biology, pathology and control
Uredinales of northern Norway
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 10, Industrial applications
Fungi in biogeochemical cycles
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 15, Rare, debated and new taxa of the genus Cortinarius (Agaricales)
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
The mushroom hunter's field guide
Fungi non delineati : raro vel haud perspecte et explorate descripti aut definite picti. Pars 4, Pholiota, Psilocybe and Panaeolus
