http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9006 information sources
information sources
Keyguide to information sources in veterinary medicine
A sourcebook for Hispanic literature and language : a selected, annotated guide to Spanish, Spanish-American, and United States Hispanic bibliography, literature, linguistics, journals, and other source materials
EIA quick guides. 17,, Council of the European Union
Keyguide to information sources on the polar and cold regions
Know it all, find it fast for academic libraries
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Vol. 7, High-hazard pollutants
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Task complexity, information types and information sources : examination of relationships
Arguing about knowledge
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Online searching : a guide to finding quality information efficiently and effectively
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
Monitoring and evaluating agricultural research : a sourcebook
European statistics: official sources
Teacher trainees' information seeking behaviour and their conceptions of information literacy instruction
Sampling essentials : practical guidelines for making sampling choices
Report of and papers presented at the Regional Workshop on Networking for Improved Access to Fisheries and Aquaculture Information in Africa : Grahamstown, South Africa, 3-7 November 2003 = Rapport de et documents présentés à L'atelier régional sur le renforcement du réseau pour l'accès à l'information sur la pêche et l'aquaculture en Afrique : Grahamstown, Afrique du Sud, 3-7 novembre 2003.
Free on the EU : a guide to free sources of information about and from the European Union
Expert searching in the Google age
The guide to EU information sources on the Internet
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
Guide to information on European Union competition policy
Guide to information on European Union environment policy
Analysis of network rumor dissemination and control mechanisms on Chinese social network : Sina Weibo
EIA quick guides. 16,, How to research the European Union - a guide for students
Directory of EC information sources. 1993.
WCMC handbooks on biodiversity information management. Companion volume
Imbalanced learning : foundations, algorithms, and applications
A handbook of Tibetan culture : a guide to Tibetan centres and resources throughout the world
Introduction to reference sources in the health sciences
Guide to information on EU research funding
Legal research exercises : following The Bluebook : a uniform system of citation, seventh edition : to accompany Robert C. Berring's Finding the law and Cohen, Berring and Olson's How to find the law
Information sources in women's studies and feminism
The identification and characterization of pest organisms : proceedings of the Third Workshop on the Ecological Foundations of Sustainable Agriculture (WEFSA 3), held at the International Mycological Institute, Egham, Surrey, England, 9 to 11 June 1993
Guide to business information on Russia, the NIS and the Baltic States
Sources of economic and social statistics on the West Bank and Gaza strip : report
Rhetoric and the digital humanities
Tacit knowledge
Europe Info : Verzeichnis wichtiger Informationsquellen der europäischen Union = directory of important information sources on the European Union = répertoire des principales sources d'information de l'union européenne
Library use : a handbook for psychology
EIA quick guides. 12,, European Union treaties
How to find information : computer sciences
Guide to European Community grants and loans : for commerce, industry, local authorities, academic and research institutions
EIA quick guides. 7,, How to trace European Parliament documentation
The Internet golden directory
Educational studies: a second level course : curriculum design and development. Curriculum design and development: using the literature
Informatics in libraries : scientific literature information sources and services for veterinarians
Guide to information on European Union research funding
Integration of a web-based loan trading platform to an international financing company
Information sources in patents
Information sources in the social sciences
Dane & Thomas : how to use a law library : an introduction to legal skills ; by Philip A. Thomas, John Knowles ; with contributions  by Jennefer Aston ... [et al.]
World social science report : knowledge divides
EIA quick guides. 14,, European Police Office (Europol)
The executive's guide to information technology
InfoWar in Cyberspace : researcher on the Net
Truth, lies and the internet : a report into young people's digital fluency
EIA quick guides. 5,, How to trace EC case law
The directory of EU information sources 1996.
Business information : how to find it, how to use it
Task complexity affects information seeking and use
The directory of online European information : 1998 : all you need to know about online European Union related information
Personal documentation for professionals : means and methods
Entomology : a guide to information sources
Sociology : a guide to reference and information sources
Issues for libraries and information science in the internet age
Feasibility study for a European migration observatory : final report, May 1996
Theses and dissertations as information sources
Education : a guide to reference and information sources
Directory of information sources in Japan 1980
Understanding healthcare information
BISSE : business information sources & services for Europe
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 1, Crop protection
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
European Union database directory : online and offline electronic information services
Biology resources in the electronic age
European Union database directory 1999 : a guide to EU on-line information services
How to find out : educational research
SSID : bibliography of social science information & documentation
Literary research and postcolonial literatures in English : strategies and sources
EIA quick guides. 10,, European Union institutions, agencies and other bodies
EIA quick guides. 15,, Keeping up-to-date with the European Union
EIA quick guides. 11,, The European Commission, 1999-2005
The quality of business information on the Internet : evaluation criteria applicable to Internet resources
Guide to reference books
Planning a competitor analysis - a real life case for Siemens EC GmbH & Co. KG
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
Knowledge management in Open Source
European Union information
Information sources in law
Encyclopedia of public affairs information sources : a bibliographic guide to approximately 8 000 citations for publications, organisations, and other sources of information on nearly 300 subjects relating to public affairs
A geographer's guide to the Internet : geography guidance for key stages 3 and 4
The international collection and dissemination of forest sector information in Europe
WCMC handbooks on biodiversity information management. Volume 6, Information management capacity
Information in marketing planning : paper and paperboard industry
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
Guide to information on European Union social policy
WCMC handbooks on biodiversity information management. Volume 7, Data management fundamentals
The Oxford guide to Arthurian literature and legend
Health online : how to find health information, support groups, and self-help communities in cyberspace
Legal research exercises : following the Bluebook [;] a uniform system of citation
Drug information and literature evaluation
Pagans into peasants : ethnic and social boundaries in early modern Livonia
Drug information for consumers and patients : a review of the research
Introduction to reference work. Vol. 1, Basic information sources
Food and nutrition information guide
Market information needs in marketing planning : case: wood-products industry
The librarian's Internet survival guide : strategies for the high-tech reference desk
The survivor's guide to library research
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
European information : a guide to official sources
European official statistics : sources of information
A pocket guide to the medical Internet
Interactive citation workbook for the Bluebook : a uniform system of citation and ALWD citation manual : teachers' manual
EIA quick guides. 8,, European Union information on the Internet
WCMC handbooks on biodiversity information management. Volume 3, Information product design
East and South-East Asia collections in Finnish libraries : an overview of holdings and services in 1997
Business research methods
Spinning into control : news values and source strategies
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Toward a cyberlegal culture
The Prentice Hall directory of online social studies resources
Cyber literacy : evaluating the reliability of data
The history highway : a guide to Internet resources
The internet and information skills : a guide for teachers and school librarians
Aviation Internet directory : a guide to 500 best aviation web sites
The basic geographic information of the Baltic drainage basin : the feasibility study report
Information searching in authentic work tasks : a field study on the effects of task type and complexity
Effective legal research
Information sources in grey literature
Online information services in the social sciences
EIA quick guides. 3,, How to find out about COM documents
Czech music guide
Chinese law and legal research
Introduction to reference work. Vol. 2, Reference services
Know it all, find it fast : an A-Z source guide for the enquiry desk
Finding legal information : a guide to print and electronic sources
The information specialist's guide to searching and researching on the Internet and the World Wide Web
EIA quick guides. 6,, How to trace national implementing measures of European Community legislation
Guide to the sources of the history of Africa = Guide des sources de l'histoire de l'Afrique. 8, Scandinavia : sources in Denmark, Norway and Sweden
European Union database directory 1997 : a guide to electronic information services
How to find out anything : from extreme Google searches to scouring government
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
EIA quick guides. 2,, How to trace a directive
The process of legal research
European Union information: an introduction
Keyguide to information sources in museum studies
Finding out in education : a guide to sources of information
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
Geographic information systems and the law : mapping the legal frontiers
Sources of information in the cultural heritage : an annotated reference guide
Accessibility and use of information sources and document types : a case study in software platforms at Nokia
Seventeenth-century economic documents
Information transfer : new age - new ways : proceedings of the third European Conference of Medical Libraries Montpellier, France, September 23-26, 1992
The directory of EU information sources
Human rights reports : an annotated bibliography of fact-finding missions
Reference and information services : an introduction
Summary: Includes Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Estonia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Russian Federation, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan.--p. 2-3.
Research methods in business studies : a practical guide
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 2, Animal health
Sources of information in librarianship and information science
Reference and information services in the 21st century : an introduction
Business Information at Work
Can you find it? : 25 library scavenger hunts to sharpen your research skills
WCMC handbooks on biodiversity information management. Volume 4, Information networks
Glut : mastering information through the ages
Information sources in chemistry
Conservation guidelines. No. 2, Sources of information
Technology : the interface to nursing educational informatics
A guide to popular music reference books : an annotated bibliography
Guide to environmental and development sources of information on CD-ROM and the Internet : a product of INFOTERRA, UNEP's global environmental information exchange network in cooperation with the Institute of Development Studies at the University of Sussex, Brighton, U.K. : February 1998.
Information sources in art, art history and design
International statistics sources : subject guide to sources of international comparative statistics
A good place to start : the ID Knowledge Services guide to finding development information online
EIA quick guides. 4,, How to trace EC statistics
European official statistics : a guide to databases
A sourcebook for conservation and biological diversity information
The directory of online European information : all you need to know about online European Union related information. 1999
IT disaster recovery planning for dummies
Women's studies : a guide to information sources
Finding and using health and medical information on the Internet
Legal research in a nutshell
The European Forest Institute's databases and information services
Information transfer, new age-new ways : third European Conference of Medical Libraries, Montpellier, France, September 23-26, 1992 : abstract = Le transfert de l'information, temps nouveaux - methodes nouvelles : troisième conférence of medical libraries, Montpellier, France - 23-26 Septembre 1992
Directory of fisheries and aquaculture information resources in Africa = Répertoire des sources d'information sur la pêche et l'aquaculture en Afrique
