http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9002 sociality
sociality
Sociability and sense of community among users of online services
Others in mind : social origins of self-consciousness
The Social brain : evolution and pathology
The psychology of affiliation : experimental studies of th sources of gregariousness
Kant's Idea for a universal history with a cosmopolitan aim : a critical guide
Mending nets of relatedness : words and gifts as sources of solidarity in a Sama Dilaut fishing community
The self in social psychology
The paradox of social order : linking psychology and sociology
Social enterprise : developing sustainable businesses
Socializing epistemology : the social dimensions of knowledge
Uniquely human : a different way of seeing autism
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
Loneliness : human nature and the need for social connection
Race, culture, and identities in second language education : exploring critically engaged practice
In a culture where beauty is currency, women's bodies are often perceived as measures of value and worth. The search for visibility and self-acceptance can be daunting, especially for those on the cultural margins of "beauty." Becoming Women offers a thoughtful examination of the search for identity in an image-oriented world. That search is told through the experiences of a group of women who came of age in the wake of second and third wave feminism, featuring voices from marginalized and misrepresented groups. Carla Rice pairs popular imagery with personal narratives to expose the "culture of contradiction" where increases in individual body acceptance have been matched by even more restrictive feminine image ideals and norms. With insider insights from the Dove Campaign for Real Beauty, Rice exposes the beauty industry's colonization of women's bodies, and examines why "the beauty myth" has yet to be resolved.
Process drama and multiple literacies : addressing social, cultural, and ethical issues
Socially compatible prervation and refufbishment of historical residential buildings
Cooperation and prosocial behaviour
Social intelligence : the new science of human relationships
Thinking through sociality : an anthropological interrogation of key concepts
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Becoming women : the embodied self in image culture
Symbolic interaction and new social media
The body and social theory
Sociality : new directions
Highly sensitive people in an insensitive world : how to create a happy life
Evaluating usability of games : A study of four Facebook games using heuristic evaluation
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
The philosophy of sociality : the shared point of view
The question and procedures of integrating children into wider society during the medieval and early modern period are debated across a wide range of contemporary texts, in both print and manuscript form. This study takes as its focus the ways in which vernacular literature (including English courtesy poems, incunabula and sixteenth-century printed household books, grammar school statutes, and pedagogic books) provided a guide to socialising children. The author examines how the transmission and reception of this literature, showing how patterns of thought changed during the period for parents, teachers, and young people alike; and places children and family reading networks into the context of debates on the history of childhood, and the history of the book.
Social computing, behavioral modeling, and prediction
The task of understanding human beings, what we ourselves are, our constitution and condition, is a perennial problem in philosophy and related disciplines. Smith argues here that our understanding of human persons is threatened by technological development and capricious academic theories alike, seeking to deny or relativize the personhood of humanity. Smith's book puts a stake in the ground, in defense of a view of the human that is genuinely humanistic in the traditional sense and capable of sustaining with intellectual coherence things like modern human rights and universal benevolence.
Social intelligence  : [the new science of human relationships
Social work and recognition
Abstract: The intuitive starting point of the book is the distinction between thinking and acting as a private person versus as a group member. People may view things from their own personal viewpoint and base their thinking and acting on this "I-perspective". They can then be said to operate as private persons, in the I-mode, even when they are engaged in social action with others. Alternatively, they may adopt the perspective of their social group and view things from a full "we-perspective", that is, from the group's point of view that is constituted and shared by its members. Then they can be said to operate in the we-mode. The most central thesis of the book is that collective intentionality is an essential ingredient in sociality and that especially we-mode collective intentionality is important.
Shared agency : a planning theory of acting together
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find similarities and dissimilarities between the Ne-palese and Finnish culture for the adaptation of Nepalese students in Finnish culture. The thesis was written for the Satakunta University of Applied Sciences which hosts new Nepalese students every year. Satakunta University of Applied Sciences wanted to make both student and social life easy for the Nepalese student in Finland, thus the research focus was on understanding the similarities and dissimilarities of these two different cultures. Under cultural studies, both cultures were studied to make the comparison and find the difference. The theoretical part of this thesis includes the comparison between the Nepalese and Finnish culture for understanding the cultural differences and their effect on the Ne-palese student's academic and social life. The second part includes the difficulties that Nepalese students are facing in different educational issues. The third study area examined what measures could be taken for the adaptation of incoming Nepalese students in Finnish culture. A qualitative method was chosen for the empirical study. Five Nepalese students who are currently studying and a former Nepalese student of SAMK were chosen to be interviewed. The interviewees were chosen based on their experience on concern-ing cultural differences and difficulties they are facing. The interviews were con-ducted with the use of unstructured interview questionnaires which was handed to the interviewee one week before the actual interview was taken. Personal observa-tions were also taken as part of study obtained by being the student from the same group. The research results provided different similarities and dissimilarities of academic and social culture between the Nepalese and Finnish students. The results show the different difficulties and problems that Nepalese are facing during their studies and also life outside the school. Based on the results, the main problem seems to be social life adaptation for Nepalese students. In respect to the results, Nepalese students were recommended to be flexible and open towards the Finnish culture and people. Nepalese students were as recommended to engage in different social activities which help to understand the Finnish culture and also help in minimizing the cultural shock. Nepalese students were also recommended to give more value to the words while talking and also adjust their tone to make it easy for the Finnish students to understand. It was also recommended to Nepalese students to be strict with the time in implementing their planning.
My animal, my self : a breakthrough way to understand how you and your animal reflect each other
An absorbing study of how birds think, revealing how science is exploding the myth of our feathered friends being bird brained, and how recent discoveries may call for us to re-evaluate how we identify and classify intelligence in other animals. Bird Brain will start by looking at the structures and functions of the avian brain, and move on to examine different types of intelligence by profiling the extraordinary behaviours of a broad range of the species, studying the masterminds of the avian world, and examining what types of behaviour can be interpreted as intelligence as we would recognize it. Bird Brain will not only look at the well-studied species such as New Caledonian crows and parrots, but also cast a broader eye over the behaviour of a wide range of species from around the world.
Sex/Gender presents a relatively new way to think about how biological difference can be produced over time in response to different environmental and social experiences. This book gives a clearly written explanation of the biological and cultural underpinnings of gender. Anne Fausto-Sterling provides an introduction to the biochemistry, neurobiology, and social construction of gender with expertise and humor in a style accessible to a wide variety of readers. In addition to the basics, Sex/Gender ponders the moral, ethical, social and political side to this inescapable subject.
Narrow roads of gene land. Vol. 1, Evolution of social behaviour
Children, youth, and families : the actionresearch relationship
Personal effectiveness : guiding people to assert themselves and improve their social skills
Personality and social intelligence
Pro-social and anti-social behaviour
Thinking big : how the evolution of social life shaped the human mind
The horse : a biography of our noble companion
Program or be programmed : ten commands for a digital age
Have iPads replaced conversation at the dinner table? What do infants observe when their parents are on their smartphones? Should you be your child's Facebook friend? As the focus of family has turned to the glow of the screen, children constantly texting their friends, parents working online around the clock, everyday life is undergoing a massive transformation. Easy availability to the Internet and social media has erased the boundaries that protect children from the unsavory aspects of adult life. Parents often feel they are losing a meaningful connection with their children. Children are feeling lonely and alienated. The digital world is here to stay, but what are families losing with technology's gain? As the author, a clinical psychologist, explains, families are in crisis around this issue, and even more so than they realize. Not only do chronic tech distractions have deep and lasting effects, but children desperately need parents to provide what tech cannot: close, significant interactions with the adults in their lives. Drawing on real-life stories from her clinical work with children and parents, and her consulting work with educators and experts across the country, she offers insights and advice that can help parents achieve greater understanding, authority, and confidence as they come up against the tech revolution unfolding in their living rooms. We all know that deep connection with the people we love means everything to us. It's time to look with fresh eyes and an open mind at the disconnection we are experiencing from our extreme device dependence. It's never too late to put down the iPad and come to the dinner table. -- From book jacket.
Our success as a species is built on sociability, so shyness in humans should be an anomaly. But it's actually remarkably common - we all know what it's like to cringe in embarrassment, stand tongue-tied at the fringe of an unfamiliar group, or flush with humiliation if we suddenly become the unwelcome centre of attention. In 'Shrinking Violets', Joe Moran explores the hidden world of shyness, providing insights on everything from timidity in lemon sharks to the role of texting in Finnish love affairs.
Relationships between hostility and psychological coronary heart disease risk factors in young adults : moderating influence of perceived social support and sociability
Designing social interfaces : [principles, patterns, and practices for improving the user experience]
Goodbye to shy : 85 shybusters that work!
Shrinking violets : a field guide to shyness
The big disconnect : protecting childhood and family relationships in the digital age
Creative expressive activities and Asperger's syndrome : social and emotional skills and positive life goals for adolescents and young adults
Quiet power : growing up as an introvert in a world that can't stop talking
Quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking
What is a person? : rethinking humanity, social life, and the moral good from the person up
Social interaction in online multiplayer communities
Social competence and behavior evaluation
Underground sociabilities : identity, culture, and resistance in Rio de Janeiro's favelas
What a fish knows : the inner lives of our underwater cousins
Bird brain : an exploration of avian intelligence
Gaming as culture : essays on reality, identity and experience in fantasy games
Valuing others in classical antiquity
Social media, sociality and survey research
The body in culture, technology and society
What happened to body-to-body sociability?
Fashion, work, and politics in modern France
Social insect populations
"An excerpt from What a fish knows originally appeared, in slightly different form in Scientific American."
"A guide to understanding behavior in companion animals from the perspective of 'mirroring,' in which some behaviors reflect qualities of the owner, whether physical, emotional, mental, or spiritual. Through examples and exercises, the author--a biologist and animal communicator--helps readers communicate with their animals and resolve conflicts".
Sociability in Samuel Pufendorf's natural law theory
In this book the author offers insights and advice that can help parents achieve greater understanding, authority, and confidence as they come up against the tech revolution and how families can combat the disconnection we are experiencing from our extreme device dependence.
Childhood identities : self and social relationships in the experience of the child
Leveraging Social Networking Services on Multipurpose Public Displays
Relationship thinking : agency, enchrony, and human sociality
The psychology of affiliation : experimental studies of the sources of gregariousness
Analysing everyday experience : social research and political change
Young men in digital culture : a new form of informal learning?
Pop brands : branding, popular music, and young people
Pair housing of rabbits reduces variances in growth rates and serum alkaline phosphatase levels
How does a discourse of 'valuing others' help to make a group a group? The fifth in a series exploring 'ancient values', this book investigates what value terms and evaluative concepts were used in Greece and Rome to articulate the idea that people 'belong together', as a family, a group, a polis, a community, or just as fellow human beings. Human communities thrive on prosocial behavior. In eighteen chapters, ranging from Greek tragedy to the Roman gladiators, and from house architecture to the concept of friendship, this book demonstrates how such behavior is anchored and promoted by culturally specific expressions of evaluative discourse. Valuing others in classical antiquity should be of interest to linguists, literary scholars, historians, and philosophers alike.
Community literacy and the rhetoric of local publics
My fat, mad teenage diary
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the worlds overwhelms you
Four concepts of network: from connectedness to object-oriented collaboration
Edge of Europe
Empathy and social competence training
A framework for children's participation in online environments
Roots of human sociality : culture, cognition and interaction
Fashion-able : hacktivism and engaged fashion design
Hegel's Phenomenology. Part 1, Analysis and commentary
The body & society : explorations in social theory
The awakened introvert : Practical mindfulness skills to help you maximize your strengths & thrive in a loud & crazy world
Issues in socially desirable responding and personality research
Help! I'm a Facebookaholic : inside the crazy world of social networking
Orientation program : case Stockmann Plc. International Operations Buying Department
The social self
Beyond bodies : rainmaking and sense making in Tanzania
Social groups in action and interaction
Improving customer experience through emotional and social intelligence in technical staff encounter
Test your EQ : assess your emotional intelligence with 22 personality questionaires
Abstract: Improving customer experience through emotional and social intelligence in technical staff encounter.
Sex/gender : biology in a social world
Behavioral, social, and emotional assessment of children and adolescents
Ecyc game book : teambuilding games, energizers and icebreakers from youth clubs around Europe
Socialising the child in late Medieval England, c. 1400-1600
Research instruments in social gerontology. Vol. 2, Social roles and social participation
Survival guide for incoming Nepalese students to Finland
The social world of children learning to talk
Phenomenology of spirit
Associations of group-based day care arrangements to indicators of adulthood sociability : the 32-year prospective young Finns study
