http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9001 neighbourhood (properties)
neighbourhood (properties)
The Tinder box
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
The brightest star in the sky
Maison Ikkoku. 8 / [translation/ Gerard Jones & Mari Morimoto]
Maison Ikkoku. 2 / [translation/ Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn]
Good kids from bad neighborhoods : successful development in social context
The building opposite. Volume 1
Space, place and territoriality are not only basic concepts to the discipline of geography. Geographical approach to the analysis of place is a task we need to foster in order to improve our understanding of the life-worlds of others. The development of each individual, our 'self' builds on our relations to the realms of nature, social relations and meaning as these are united in places. The author maintains that society needs a geographical place analyses based on an understanding of individual relational space and demonstrates the approach in a study of urban neighbourhoods. In order to find the bases for better planning models inhabitants were asked: What makes a place, your neighbourhood, a better place to live in? Four factors could be sorted out: the aesthetic, the functional, the social and the individual. These factors are clearly related to the understanding of place as uniting the realms of nature, social relations and meaning.
Tupperware, television, bungalows and respectable front lawns. Always instantly recognisable though never entirely familiar. The tight semi-detached estates of thirties Britain and the infenced and functional tract housing of middle America. The elegant villas of Victorian London and the clapboard and brick of fifties Sydney. Architecture and landscapes may vary from one suburban scene to another, but the suburb is the embodiment of the same desire; to create for middle class middle cultures, middle spaces in middle America, Britain and Australia. Visions of Suburbia considers this emergent architectural space, this set of values and this way of life. The contributors address suburbia and the suburban from the point of view of its production, its consumption and its representation. Placing suburbia centre stage, each essay examines what it is that makes suburbia so distinctive and what it is that has made suburbia so central to contemporary culture.
Visions of suburbia
The celeb next door
The neighbourhood rules : land-use interactions, urban dynamics and cellular automata modelling
Community cohesion in crisis : new dimensions of diversity and difference
Neighbours : the work of Philip Abrams
Common ground - neighborhood and integration in Arabianranta
The quarry
A border within : national identity, cultural plurality, and wilderness
Surabaya, 1945-2010 : neighbourhood, state and economy in Indonesia's city of struggle
The book thief
The sociology of community connections
The Brightest Star in the Sky
Tallinn neighbourhood associations as the experts of local living
One Fifth Avenue
The Ladybird Book of the People Next Door - a nugget of wisdom from bestselling authors Jason Hazeley and Joel Morris. This delightful book is the latest in the series of Ladybird books which have been specially planned to help grown-ups with the world about them. The large clear script, the careful choice of words, the frequent repetition and the thoughtful matching of text with pictures all enable grown-ups to think they have taught themselves to cope. Featuring original Ladybird artwork alongside brilliantly funny, brand new text.
Children talk about their New York City neighborhoods : the role of subjective and objective neighborhood evaluations in understanding child health
Three to see the king
Understanding European neighbourhood policies : concepts, actors, perceptions
Do firms benefit from spatial proximity? : testing the relation between spatial proximity and the performance of small software firms in the Netherlands
Vampire across the way
Can neighbourhoods save the city? : community development and social innovation
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Territoriality, place and space
The people next door
The new neighbourhood : a ̕constitution̕ for cross-border cooperation?
: Neighborhood shopkeepers in urban South Korea : household, work, and localilty
Reputation, neighbourhoods and behaviour
Maison Ikkoku. Vol. fourteen, Welcome home
The sociology of housing : studies at Berinsfield
Owners and neighbours in Roman law
Neighborhood structure, crime, and fear of crime : testing Bursik and Grasmick's neighborhood control theory
FDR's Good Neighbor Policy : sixty years of generally gentle chaos
Neighbourhood and community environments
The brightest star in the sky : a novel
National and ethnic stereotypes in Central and Eastern Europe : a study among adolescents in six countries
Neighborhood context and the development of African American children
A man called Ove
Maison Ikkoku. 1 / [translation/ Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn]
Atomistic society in Sha Tin : immigrants in a Hong Kong valley
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Maison Ikkoku. 3 / [translation/ Gerard Jones, Matt Thorn & Mari Morimoto]
The street
The French house
Cheek by jowl : a history of neighbours
31 Dream Street
Mystery in the village
Citizens prefer collectively produced urban culture
All quiet on the Orient Express
This remarkable study of urban society in one of Indonesia's main cities explores the experiences of the people who occupy its alleyways, riverbanks and muddy roadsides. Its rich ethnographic detail describes how kampung residents have survived in the shadow of tumultuous economic growth and political reform while contesting government controls.
Looking at the other : historical study of images in theory and practise
Ethnicity and culture in late antiquity
Where China meets India : Burma and the new crossroads of Asia
Urban neighborhoods in a new era : revitalization politics in the postindustrial city
Social work and the community : a critical context for practice
Angelina's bachelors : a novel, with food
Conference proceedings.
The neighborhood in the Internet : design research projects in community informatics
Getting home
Social networks and everyday practices in Russia
Boogaloo on 2nd Avenue : a novel of pastry, guilt and music
My brilliant friend
Neighborhoods in transition : the making of San Francisco's ethnic and nonconformist communities
City survivors : bringing up children in disadvantaged neighbourhoods
The copper beech
Key concepts in urban studies
Stuck on me
Bad neighbours
Developing neighbourhood support and child protection strategies : the Henley Safe Children Project
Peppercorn Street
Around our way on neighbors' day
Responding to community conflict : a review of neighbourhood mediation
"In this thoughtful, thoroughly researched, balanced, and unorthodox analysis, Pike decides US noninterventionist orientation was based on Rooseveltian realism eschewing pressures on Latin Americans to accept US values (he assumed they would eventually converge) as counterproductive to achieving US goal of hemispheric stability and support for its strategic interests"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 57.
"This graduate-level text explains how our early connections and attachments are formed and discusses past and present conceptions of community. The Sociology of Community Connections is highly recommended for classes in sociology, social work, social and cultural anthropology, community psychology, communications, criminal justice, and urban planning."--BOOK JACKET.
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
Boogaloo on 2nd Avenue : a novel on pastry, guilt and music
From the ground up : translating geography into community through neighbor networks
Maison Ikkoku. 4 / [translation/ Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn]
Understanding Chinese society
