http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9000 friendship
friendship
Mei Ling'nin hickirigi = Mei Ling's hiccups
The blue-ribbon jalapeño society jubilee
The round house
Care of wooden floors : a novel
THE IMPORTANCE OF POSITIVE FAMILY ENVIRONMENTS, HOBBIES, FRIENDSHIPS AND LEISURE TIME ON THE SOCIAL, EMOTIONAL AND PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT OF FIFTH GRADE PUPILS
The story of three women whose friendship will change their lives forever.
Uprooted
If I was your girl
Miss Mapp
Zahrah the windseeker
My little pony : friends forever. [3]
Moscow does not believe in tears
Lemza e Mei Lingut = Mei Ling's hiccups
The perfectionists
Crashland : a Twinmaker novel
My little pony : friends forever. [4]
The Kashmir shawl
Okay for now
Otherkin
You're the one that I want
The scarecrow and his servant
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Sisters in sanity
Feathers
Sylvia and bird
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Bittersweet : a novel
The book borrower : a novel
Adult friendship
As red as blood
The annotated Wind in the willows
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
Othermoon
Relationship between intercultural friendship networks and homesickness level of international degree students at a Finnish university
Great Bear Lake
A night in with Audrey Hepburn
The book thief
Apocalypse for Beginners
The English roses. Book 5 : Big-sister blues
Refugee children's friendships and the historical context of their migrations : qualitative case study of Congolese children's current friendships in Finland and past experiences as refugees in Rwanda, 1996-2012
The waves
Days without end
Goodnight Tiptoe
The four bears finally reach Toklo's home in the mountains, but it has come at a price--Yakone is ill and may not survive and Lusa might need to leave her friends behind to discover her own purpose.
All you could ask for
The throwback special : a novel
The tunnels of Tarcoola
Lion & tiger & bear : tag! you're it!
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
The last wilderness
The Melting Sea
A little life : a novel
Fairy for a day
The glump and the peeble
My little pony : friends forever. [2]
Higgadii Mii Linig = Mei Ling's hiccups
Galina Petrovna's three-legged dog story
The chocolate lovers' club
You're the best! : stories about friendship
Daylight saving
Zughuttat May Linj ; Mei Ling's hiccups / arabic translation by Azza Habashi
The summer book
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
Henry & Horace clean up
A comparative analysis between Finns and Chinese : how communication traits affect self-disclosure in intercultural friendships?
All the single ladies : a novel
Celeste and Crabapple Sam
The prize in the game
The railway children
Baby Seal All Alone
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Sister's choice
The last weekend
Abandoned as a baby in the slums of the Maze, Poe has lived his entire life hidden away under the protection at his adoptive father, Gabriel. He spends his days secretly helping the Mice, bands of orphans who roam the slums, but there is a whisper of an altogether more sinister figure in the shadows, making street children disappear / WorldCat.
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Looking for Alaska
Orphan train : a novel
Intercultural friendship development between Finnish and international students
The Shoestring Club
The bat
Spirits in the stars
Fallout : a novel
Othersphere
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
Three sisters
The bridesmaid pact
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
The woman upstairs : a novel
Forest of the wolves
I'll be right there : a novel
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
Braided lives : a novel
White city blue
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Crashland
Under a sapphire sky
The A-Z of lovehearts, friendships and other slushy stuff
My little pony : Friendship is magic. Kaudet 1-3
Whatever it takes
The boy with two heads
Twenty years ago, Emma, Mackenzie, and Serena bonded over their New York City dreams. Then, each summer, they spent one week together at the lake. It’s been five years since Emma has seen her friends—an absence designed to keep them from discovering a long-ago betrayal—but now she’s in desperate need of their support.      But when a terrible accident keeps Emma from saying her piece, Serena and Mackenzie begin to learn about the past on their own. Now, to heal their friendship and their broken lives, the three women will have to return to the lake that once united them, and discover which relationships are worth holding on to
Coal Creek
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Bo Dickinson is a girl with a wild reputation, a deadbeat dad, and an alcoholic mum. Everyone in town knows the Dickinsons are a bad lot, but Bo doesn't care what anyone thinks. Agnes Atwood has never stayed out past 10 p.m., never gone on a date and never broken any of her parents' overbearing rules. Rules that are meant to protect their legally blind daughter - but Agnes isn't quite sure what they are protecting her from. Despite everything, Bo and Agnes become best friends. And it's the sort of friendship that runs truer and deeper than anything else. So when Bo shows up in the middle of the night, police sirens wailing in the distance, desperate to get out of town, Agnes doesn't hesitate to take off with her. But running away and not getting caught will require stealing a car, tracking down Bo's dad, staying ahead of the authorities, and - worst of all - confronting some ugly secrets.
Hollowgirl : a Twinmaker novel
The dialetics of friendship
Afterword : some ontological thoughts on friendship
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Positive and Negative Effects of Friendship at the Workplace
A house with no windows : a novel
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
L. A. Candy
Smart girls get what they want
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Tapestry of fortunes : a novel
From me to you
This little chick
The Avalon ladies scrapbooking society : a novel
Telegraph avenue
No boyz allowed
A need so beautiful
Snow friends
The island escape
Sugar and spice
The secret life of bees
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
The story of a new name
Binny for short
Mei Ling ima Stucavicu = Mei Ling's hiccups
Mission impossible? : a scientific comparison between the overlapping and diverging phenomena of friendship and love
Eleanor & Park
Just friends : the role of friendship in our lives
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
California dreamers
Two boys kissing
Finn at Clee Point
The true love quilting club
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
The companions
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Down there on a visit
"The Glump lives alone in his cave in the wood, wishing he could come out and dance with the Peebles. But nearby there's a peeble who wishes she could be quiet and thoughtful - like a glump. When they meet, it turns out they have a lot to teach each other!"--Publisher.
The girls of Mischief bay
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
My brilliant friend
Florence the friendship fairy
Measuring angels
A mother's shame
Of mice and men and Cannery row
Fairy friends
My Little Pony, friends forever. Volume 5
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
A week at the lake
My little pony : friendship is magic. Volume 10
Your pal Mo Willems presents Leonardo the terrible monster
The story of the lost child
The secret garden
Those who leave and those who stay
Ruin and rising
It's kind of a funny story
The storyteller
The thousandth floor
The great escape
Another Brooklyn : a novel
Bridge to Terabithia
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets of the universe
I was here
What use is a moose?
The Christmas pig : a fable
Me and you
Island of shadows
Fire in the sky
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
Truly madly guilty
Boring girls : a novel
Black rabbit summer
Lego friends. Adventures in Heartlake city
The clockwork three
