http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9008 falling in love
falling in love
Despite the falling snow
Corner shop
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Born wicked
Two for joy
The two of us
Audition
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
To have and to hold
Everyone brave is forgiven
My husband's wife
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
A bite to remember
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
Night embrace
Shadow spell
Dead Romantic
Night play
The unknowns
Table for five
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
The schemer
How to learn to love : how to guide the young to love?
Touched by grace : a divine love story
The winter war
Springtime at Cherry Tree Cottage
In a futuristic society run by an all-powerful Gov, a bender teen on the cusp of adulthood has choices to make that will change her life and maybe the world. Fifteen-year-old bender Kivali has had a rough time in a gender-rigid culture. Abandoned as a baby and raised by Sheila, an ardent nonconformist, Kivali has always been surrounded by uncertainty. Where did she come from? Is it true what Sheila says, that she was deposited on Earth by the mysterious saurians? "What are you?" people ask, and Kivali isn't sure. Boy/girl? Human/lizard? Both/neither? Now she s in CropCamp, with all of its schedules and regs, and the first real friends she's ever had. Strange occurrences and complicated relationships raise questions Kivali has never before had to consider. But she has a gift the power to enter a trancelike state to harness the  knowings  inside her. She has Lizard Radio. Will it be enough to save her? A coming-of-age story rich in friendships and the shattering emotions of first love, this deeply felt novel will resonate with teens just emerging as adults in a sometimes hostile world.
Avery Bardot steps off the plane in Rome, looking for a fresh start. She's left behind a soon-to-be ex-husband in Boston and plans to spend the summer with her best friend Daisy, licking her wounds and perhaps a gelato or two. When her American-expat friend throws her a welcome party on her first night, Avery's thrown for a loop when she sees Italian architect Marcello Bianchi - the man who got away. And now her past is colliding with her present, a present where she should be mourning the loss of her marriage and - hey, that fettuccine is delicious! And so is Marcello.
Daughter of smoke & bone
The nightingale
The soulmate
The stylist
Letters from Skye : a novel
The alchemist's daughter
You
The Sigh
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Everything, everything
The cinderella effect
Looking for Alibrandi
The Museum of Heartbreak
The greatest show of all
Playing days : a novel
A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant
Hereafter : with bonus material
Just a girl, standing in front of a boy
A Study of Habits and Behaviours, Plus Techniques for Taming Them From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Here is how things stand at the beginning of newly-licensed driver Ruby Oliver's junior year at Tate Prep: Kim: Not speaking. But far away in Tokyo. Cricket: Not speaking. Nora: Speaking--sort of. Chatted a couple times this summer when they bumped into each other outside of school--once shopping in the U District, and once in the Elliot Bay Bookstore. But she hadn't called Ruby, or anything. Noel: Didn't care what anyone thinks. Meghan: Didn't have any other friends. Dr. Z: Speaking. And Jackson. The big one. Not speaking. But with a new job, an unlikely but satisfying friend combo, additional entries to The Boy Book and many difficult decisions help Ruby to see that there is, indeed, life outside the Tate Universe.
The awakening
The drop
"A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant"
Laying hands upon the injured and dying, Avry of Kazan absorbs their wounds and diseases into herself. But rather than being honored for her skills, she is hunted. Healers like Avry are accused of spreading the plague that has decimated the Fifteen Realms, leaving the survivors in a state of chaos
Brush of wings
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
A kiss at midnight
Britt-Marie was here
The summer I turned pretty : the collection
These Broken Stars
Love is a thief
The sweet poison of love in adolescence and early adulthood
The spider king's daughter
The scoundrel and the debutante
Love & other man-made disasters
Step back in time
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Eleanor & Park
Entwined
The burning sky
Starflight
Forever yours
Larry Crowne - uusi mahdollisuus
Mr. and Miss anonymous
The things we do for love
Shades of milk and honey
The chemist : a novel
Fifteen-year-old Tiger Lily receives special protections from the spiritual forces of Neverland, but then she meets her tribe's most dangerous enemy--Peter Pan--and falls in love with him.
Summer in the sun
Racing Savannah
Marry me at Christmas
Twenty questions for Gloria
This shattered world : a Starbound novel
Dead Rock, Texas, 2037. Raleigh Williams made a promise to his brother before he died, that he’d scatter his ashes on Mars. Desperate to leave a life of bad memories behind and start over in the Martian colony, Raleigh fully intends to keep that promise. But his plans are thwarted when a meteor near-misses him in the desert, and Raleigh finds in its crater not debris or even a spacecraft, but a man covered in swirling scars and with no memory of who he is. At least he looks like a man—a man Raleigh can’t seem to keep his eyes off of—but whenever they touch it ignites a memory swap between them.  Raleigh agrees to help Meteor Man piece together his life through their cosmic connection. But the memory share goes both ways, and Raleigh becomes inexplicably entangled with a guy who is everything he needs—everything good that Raleigh is not—but might not even be human. As their minds and worlds collide, reality unravels and Raleigh must face a painful truth, one that could shatter his dreams of finding love, reaching Mars, and fulfilling his brother’s last wish.
The folding star
Flynn, leader of the rebellion on Avon, captures Jubilee "Lee" Chase, captain of the forces sent to crush the terraformed planet's rebellious colonists, but later saves her and the two, caught between sides in a senseless war, flee together.
Love is..
Kafka on the shore
The science of love and betrayal
The undertaking
Sparks and embers
The high ground
The arrangement : a novel
The summer I turned pretty
Roman crazy : a novel
Lights out. volume 1
Red Queen : novella #1
The Parisian's return
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
Precocious
The newcomer
Come away with me
Eighteen-year-old Jamie Cole has recently been released from juvenile detention after serving time for murder. A former car thief, Jamie is now determined to go straight. As he struggles to get his life on track, the last thing he expects is to meet Ellie Pearce. Ellie, a bright and vivacious 17-year old, has just ended a long-term relationship with the star of her school's football team, Miles. Their relationship seemed picture-perfect, but Miles was possessive and emotionally abusive in private. After years of feeling caged, she's ready to break away, and the last thing she wants is something serious. She spends the night with Jamie and agrees to see him on a casual basis - but soon they both have to admit there's nothing casual about their chemistry. The original Wattpad sensation - fully revised and with brand new content.
Flat-out love
Puppy love : the story of Esme and Sam
Ondine : the summer of Shambles
Fighting to be free
The peculiar life of a lonely postman
Goodnight sweetheart
The woman on the stairs
Rules of the game : a Stardust, Texas novel
The second love of my life
My name is memory
She's a starving artist and he's a billionaire playboy. Siobhan came to New York with a purpose: she wants to become a successful artist. To pay her bills in the meantime, she's the hostess at The Stone Room, a bar for the beautiful and the billionaires. She was fine with being on her own until tech billionaire Derick takes her breath away.
Eternal kiss of darkness
The scarecrows' wedding
Tall, dark and hungry
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
Every day
Real live boyfriends : yes, boyfriends, plural - if my life weren't complicated, I wouldn't be Ruby Oliver
Midnight falcon
Solara Brooks needs a fresh start, someplace where nobody cares about the engine grease beneath her fingernails or the felony tattoos across her knuckles. The outer realm may be lawless, but it's not like the law has ever been on her side. Solara indentures herself in exchange for passage to the outer realm. She just wishes it could have been to anyone besides Doran Spaulding, the rich, pretty-boy quarterback who made her life miserable in school. Then Doran is framed for conspiracy on Earth, and Solara cons him into playing the role of her servant on board the Banshee, a ship manned by an eccentric crew with their own secrets. It's been a long time since Solara has believed in anyone, and Doran is the last person she expected to trust. But when the Banshee's dangerous enemies catch up with them, Solara and Doran must come together to protect the ship that has become their home-and the eccentric crew that feels like family.
American gigolo
Five days
The Selection
The unpredictable consequences of love
You and I
The boy book : a study of boy habits and behaviours from me, Ruby Oliver
One perfect summer
When an elephant falls in love
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
How to howl at the moon
The wish house
Our happy time
Me before you
The doctor and the diva
Moomin falls in love
The treasure map of boys : Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon - and me, Ruby Oliver
Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Raised by wolves
Because of Miss Bridgerton
Ready player one
The fascination of love never fades : how do the elderly describe their experiences of falling in love?
The Greatest love story of all time : and how it was nearly ruined by evil cats, gin und unsuitable men
Night pleasures
Whats up with Jody Barton?
"The story of a teenage girl who's literally allergic to the outside world. When a new family moves in next door, she begins a complicated romance that challenges everything she's ever known. The narrative unfolds via vignettes, diary entries, texts, charts, lists, illustrations, and more"--
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
Falling in love : why we choose the lovers we choose
How to fall in love
Pear-shaped
Touch of power
A powerful tale of love, grief and survival, perfect for fans of Cecelia Ahern, Lucy Dillon and Miranda Dickinson. In the small Cornish town of Talting, everyone is known for something. Up to the age of twenty-four, artist Rose Walker was known for lots of things: her infectious positivity; her unique artistic talent; her second-to-none cookery skills; and, of course, her devotion to childhood sweetheart and husband Lucas. But, two years ago, all of that changed in one, unthinkable moment. Now, Rose is known for being a young woman who became a widow aged just twenty-five. Rose knows that life must - should - go on. But the prospect of trying to carve out a future for herself is one she can still barely entertain. Until a newcomer, Robert Green, arrives in Talting for the summer... Can Rose allow herself the chance to love again? Get lost in Victoria Walters' immensely touching debut novel, and discover a world that will capture your imagination and heart.
The winter sea
Calling Romeo
The aromatic bitters
The choice
The girls of Mischief bay
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Stray
If I could turn back time
Acts of love
Polly
King's cage
Red Queen
The guest cottage
