http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p901 fishes
fishes
Barry : the fish with fingers and the hairy scary monster
Nutrition and feeding of fish
Red Sea reef guide : Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sudan, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Arabian Peninsula (Oman, UAE, Bahrain) : Over 1,000 photographs of coral reef animals taken in their natural habitat
Control of fish quality
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Production of feeds for African catfish Clarias gariepinus using plant proteins
International cooperation with the Nansen Programme : report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Gambia, 2-11 May 2006 = Coopération internationale avec le Programme Nansen : Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des Petits Pélagiques au large de l'Afrique Nord-occidentale : Banjul, Gambie, 2-11 mai 2006.
Mechanisms of honest sexual signalling and life history trade-offs in three cyprinid fishes
This technical paper provides a comprehensive review of the use of wild fish as feed inputs for aquaculture covering existing practices and their sustainability as well as implications of various feed-fish fisheries scenarios. It comprises four regional reviews (Africa and the Near East, Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and North America) and three case studies from Latin America (Chile, Peru and the study on the use of the Argentine anchoita in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil). The four regional reviews specifically address the sustainable use of finite wild fish resources and the role that feed-fish fisheries may play for food security and poverty alleviation in these four regions and elsewhere. With additional information from case studies in China and Viet Nam, a global synthesis provides a perspective on the status and trends in the use of fish as feed and the issues and challenges confronting feed-fish fisheries. Based on the information presented in the global synthesis, regional reviews and three case studies, and through the fresh analysis of information presented elsewhere, an exploratory paper examines the use of wild fish as aquaculture feed from the perspective of poverty alleviation and food security.
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Swimming muscles of wild, trained and reared fish : aspects of contraction machinery and energy metabolism
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 2, Technical guidelines
Draw 50 animal 'toons : the step-by-step way to draw dogs, cats, birds, fish, and many, many, more ..
The effects of dietary fumonisin B1 on growth and physiology of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Amazing animals ; ocean odyssey
Monster of the deep
Anatomy of fishes. Part 1, Text
Quinnipiac fishes & fisheries : history and modern perspectives on the fishes and fisheries in the Quinnipiac watershed
Parasites of fish in Finland. 2, Methods for studying parasite fauna in fish
Transmission of Diplostomum spathaceum between intermediate hosts
Structures assisting the migrations of non-salmonid fish: Latin America
Fish physiology and biochemistry
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Biology of fishes
Impacts of anthropogenic factors on fish community structure in Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
The pout-pout fish
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
What's more scary than a shark?
Loaches : [natural history and aquarium care]
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 4, Sharks of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of shark species known to date : Part 1 - Hexanchiformes to Lamniformes
Phylogenetic and biochemical perspectives
Parrotfish
The fishes of Samoa : description of the species found in the Archipelago, with a provisional check-list of the fishes of Oceania
Substrate transport and utilization in fish erythrocytes
On the control of arterial blood pressure in fish : effects of four regulatory peptides in three fish groups
Textbook of fish health
This workshop examined past efforts to develop a regional cooperation mechanism for aquaculture development in the region, the main objective of the meeting being to reactivate an aquaculture cooperation network in the Americas. After agreeing that the network should be an intergovernmental entity, the countries elected Brazil as its initial host, with the mandate to conduct the elaboration of the network statutes and a plan of action for the short and medium terms and with the support of an executive secretary. The delegates of the participating countries subscribed a letter of intent, which ratifies their interest and commitment to establish an intergovernmental cooperation network for aquaculture, open to all countries of the Americas.--Publisher's description.
The illustrated guide to freshwater fish & river creatures : a visual encyclopedia of aquatic life featuring 450 species : includes 500 detailed illustrations, photographs and maps
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
This report provides a summary of the presentations, panel statements and working group discussions of the Bangkok Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries in 2008. The conference identified several critical ways forward in securing sustainable small-scale fisheries that integrate social, cultural and economic development, address resource access and use rights issues guided by human rights principles, and recognize the rights of indigenous peoples--Publisher's description
Comparative sensitivity of boreal fishes to UV-B and UV-induced phototoxicity of retene
A color guide to familiar freshwater fishes
Aspects of fish parasitology
Trout of the world
Migratory connectivity amongst Baltic Sea salmon
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
Encyclopedia of fishes
Factors affecting the development and structure of monogenean communities on cyprinid fish
Molecular characterization of sediment bacterial communities affected by fish farming
Guide to living fishes
Impacts of Song Bung 4 hydropower project to biodiversity and hydrology of Vu Gia – Thu Bon basin in Quang Nam province, Vietnam
Preparing an Environmental Permit Application : Case Study for a Small Scale Fish Farm
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
Catalogue of names of fishes molluscs and crustaceans of commercial importance in the Mediterranean
Children of the sea. 2
Deadly predators
Fishes : the animal answer guide
Ranaviruses : detection, differentiation and host immune response
Report of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean, Mount Irvine, Tobago, 21-21 July 2008.
Feeding ecology of fish
Exploring phage-bacterium interactions : new ways to combat a fish pathogen
Heavy metals in the coastal environment around Nåtö, Lemland (Åland Islands, Baltic Sea)
Effects of enhancing UV-B irradiance on the behaviour, survival and metabolism of coregonid larvae
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Sustainability-related concepts and practices in Finnish lake fisheries
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Synopsis of biological data on the northern pike, Esox lucius Linnaeus, 1758
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
This is not my hat
Age and growth of fish
Part I of this report provides a summary of the proceedings of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean. Part II gives a management summary and full report of the flyingfish stock assessment undertaken at the meeting, as prepared by the FAO fisheries consultant with contributions, review and approval by the Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group. Part III presents national reports detailing the analyses and preparation of national data sets for use in the regional flyingfish stock assessment. Part IV provides the Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean amended as agreed at the meeting. The key results of the stock assessment conducted at the meeting are that the regional flyingfish stock is not currently overfished and that overfishing has not occurred in the history of the flyingfish fishery. It was agreed by the working group that there is no immediate action required by management to conserve the stock, unless there is a significant increase in regional flyingfish catches. It was further agreed that a catch trigger point of 5 000 tonnes should be established when action would be taken to ensure the stock does not become overfished. Among the agreed actions that should be taken if catches rise to or above the trigger point, is a freeze on further fishery development until a full scientific reassessment of the stock has been completed. The most significant uncertainty in the current assessment stems from the poor data available on catches and effort. It was agreed that improved data collection and monitoring is essential to ensure sustainable use of this and other fishery resources into the future, and that achieving this improvement should be a priority focus for all members with a flyingfish fishery. It was further agreed that the working group should maintain the electronic database that was assembled at the meeting, ensuring that it always represents the most up-to-date best estimate of flyingfish catch and effort in the subregion to support future reassessments. The Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean, prepared intersessionally after the second meeting, was fully reviewed at this meeting and amendments suggested in order to finalize the first draft of the fisheries management plan for presentation to the eastern Caribbean governments. The amended draft is provided here.
Parasites of fish in Finland. 5, Observations on protozoans of the genera, Trichophrya, Chilodonella and Ichthyophyhirius
Water in the garden
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 9, Emperor fishes and large-eye breams of the world (Family Lethrinidae) : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of Lethrinid species known to date
Flavobacterium columnare in Finnish fish farming : characterisation and putative disease management strategies
Rainbow fish discovers the deep sea
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Hand book of the fresh water fishes of India : giving the characteristict peculiarities of peculiarities of all the species at present known and intended as a guide to students and district officers
Extraordinary fish
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Water gardens : step by step to growing success
Grouping facilitates avoidance of parasites by fish
Welcome to the world of sharks
Fisheries biology : a study in population dynamics
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Ichthyological books from the Aquatic Research Institute
Theory of fish population dynamics as the biological background for rational exploitation and management of fishery resources
Fish as feed inputs for aquaculture : practices, sustainability and implications
Report of the fourth Meeting of the RECOFI Working Group on Fisheries Management : Muscat, Sultanate of Oman, 3 - 5 October 2010.
A key to the freshwater fishes of the British Isles : with notes on their distribution and ecology
Creatures of the deep
Dr. Burgess's miniatlas of marine aquarium fishes
Informe de la Reunión para la Reactivación de la Iniciativa de Creación de una Red de Acuicultura de las Américas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 de Junio de 2009 = Report of the Meeting on the Reactivation of the Iniative to Create an Aquaculture Network of the Americas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 June 2009.
Secrets of the seas : a journey into the heart of the oceans
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Seafood Safety
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
The Tiddler sound book
The reef aquarium
Fish medicine
Parasites of fish in Finland. 1, Introduction
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 7, Clupeoid fishes of the world (suborder Clupeoidei) : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of the herrings, sardines, pilchards, sprats, shads, anchovies and wolf-herrings
Responsible use of antibiotics in aquaculture
Thermal responses of inward and delayed rectifier potassium channels in fish cardiac myocytes
Tilapia : biology, culture, and nutrition
Functional properties of visual pigments using A1 and A2 chromophore : from molecules to ecology
Fish phenology : anabolic adaptiveness in teleosts : (the proceedings of a symposium held at The Zoological Society of London on 6 and 7 April 1978)
Explorations in the life of fishes
Report of the Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries : securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : bringing together responsible fisheries and social development, Bangkok, Thailand, 13-17 October 2008 = Rapport de la Conference Mondiale sur les Pêches artisanales : pour une pêche artisanale durable : associer la pêche responsable au dêveloppement social, Bangkok, Thailande, 13-17 octobre, 2008 = Informe de la Conferencia Mundial Sobre la Pesca en Pequena Escala : garantizar la pesca en pequena escala : pesca responsable y desarrollo social unidos, Bangkok, Tailandia, 13-17 de octubre de 2008.
Reef fishes of South-East Asia : including marine invertebrates and corals
Demand feeding behaviour in rainbow trout
Parasites of fish in Finland. 4, Ciliates of the genus Apiosoma
Mapping of quantitative trait loci in Atlantic salmon and tilapia = Kartlegging av quantitative trait loci i Atlantisk laks og tilapia
Sharks : facts at your fingertips
The state of fisheries and ecosystems in the North Atlantic Ocean
Fish biologics : serodiagnostics and vaccines : proceedings of a symposiumheld in Leetown, WV, April 26-30, 1981.
Aspects of the biology of diplostomid metacercarial (Digenea) poplations occurring in fishes in different localities of northern Finland
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Winter biology of burbot (Lota lota L.)
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for Bycatch Management and Reduction of Discards : Rome, 30 November-3 December 2009.
Recruitment variability in vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), and its consequences for vendace harvesting
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
Spatial and temporal variation in fish populations and assemblages in coastal waters of the northern Baltic Proper
Parasites of fish in Finland. 3, Ciliates of the family Urceolariidae Dujardin, 1851
Effects of algal turbidity on foraging and antipredator behaviour of the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
The proceedings of an International Symposium on the Ageing of Fish : held at The University of Reading, England on 19 and 20 July, 1973
Spatio-temporal differences in the growth of wild and reared Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) in the Baltic Sea
Recruitment mechanisms in fish : size-dependent interactions in lake communities
A book of fishes
Intraspecific variation in brain size and architecture : population divergence and phenotypic plasticity
Fish of Britain and Europe
Everything you need to know about animals
The little brainwaves investigate... ; Animals
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
Evolution of intrinsic post-zygotic reproductive isolation in fish
Radioactivity of surface water and freshwater fish in Finland in 1988-1990
Studies of the life history of a parasite : a basis for effective population management
Isolation and identification of rainbow trout spoiling microbiota
Community structure of macroinvertebrates, bryophytes and fish in boreal streams : patterns from local to regional scales, with conservation implications
Fishes of the Sea of Japan and adjacent areas of the Sea of Okhotsk and the Yellow Sea. Part 4, Teleostomi: 29. Perciformes: 2. Blennioidei - 13. Gobioidei
The rise of fishes : 500 million years of evolution
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas, Bangkok. 11-14 September 2007.
Sex chromosome evolution and speciation in stickleback fishes
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
GREAT (THE) BARRIER REEF
Freswater fishes of the world
Bioeconomic modelling of salmon fisheries : a survey
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
The importance of habitat diversity and connectivity for fishes in the Toess River with special emphasis on temporarily isolated isolated pools
A guide to the fishes of lake Malawi National Park
Ocean and seas
Water quality criteria for freshwater fish
Coral reef fishes : Caribbean, Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean including the Red Sea
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
Good night, Little Rainbow Fish
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
The genera of fishes and a classification of fishes
Effects of perilipin I & V on the phenotype of zebrafish embryos
Fish energetics : new perspectives
Fishes of the world
Discovering sharks
How Mirka caught a fish
Radioactivity of surface water and freshwater fish in Finland in 1991-1994
The book of the shark
Sharks, piranhas, eels and other fish
Tiddler the fish is always telling tall tales about why he is late for school, but when he is actually caught in a net and taken far from home, it is his stories that help him find his way back. (Bookwhere)
Fish ecology
Where's the starfish?
Ecology and management of Atlantic salmon
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Anatomy of fishes. Part 2, Figures and plates
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
Fish physiology. Vol. 1, Excretion, ionic regulation, and metabolism
Elevated concentrations of certain heavy metals: cadmium, lead, nickel, zink, copper, manganese and iron, were recorded from surface sediments close to two fish-farms at Nåtö, as were the concentrations of cadmium in liver, kidney, spleen and bile, of lead in kidney and spleen, of nickel in kidney and spleen, of zink in liver, kidney, gonads, spleen, of copper in liver, gonads, spleen, of manganese in kidney and gonads, of iron in spleen, of flounder, from Nåtö. For turbot only the concentrations of cadmium and copper in the kidneys, and of zink in gonads were noteworthy. In the soft tissue of Baltic clay-mussel elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from Nåtö Biological Station, lead, zink, copper, and iron, from both the station and the mouth of the former Nåtö sewage pipeline. Elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from soft tissue of blue-mussel from the Föglö fairway (close to the Föglö fish-farm), and from Kobbaklintar light-house island, where also the concentrations of manganese were notable, as were lead in mussels from the Nåtö Biological Station. Also for the cockle-mussel the concentrations of cadmium were elevated at Nåtö Biological Station. All flounders, however, were safe for e.g. human consumption.
A study of Pax protein expression and function in zebrafish embryonic development
This document contains the report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for Bycatch Management and Reduction of Discards held in Rome, Italy, from 30 November to 3 December 2009. The Expert Consultation was convened to review an initial draft of the International Guidelines as called for by the FAO Committee on Fisheries at its twenty-eighth session in 2009. The Expert Consultation adopted a draft text containing International Guidelines to be forwarded on to a technical Consultation for review and finalization. The Expert Consultation based its work on a preliminary text prepared by FAO. The Expert Consultation was hosted by FAO and funded by the Government of Norway and the FAO Regular Programme.
The early life history of fish : the proceedings of an international symposium, held at the Dunstaffnage marine research laboratory of the Scottish marine biological association at Oban, Scotland, from May 17-23, 1973
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
Finlands fiskar = The fishes of Finland
The encyclopedia of animals : a complete visual guide
Fish immunology & biotechnology
The alleged pugnacity of the swordfish and the spearfishes as shown by their attacks on vessels : a study of their behaviour and the structures which make possible these attacks
Habitat selection by riverine grayling, Thymallus thymallus L
Biological monitoring of fish
A field guide to the types of insects and mites infesting cured fish
Bulletin of fish biology + Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft für Ichthyologie
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Barry : the fish with fingers
Ecotoxicological testing of organic chemicals on early life stages of salmonid fish at environmentally realistic temperatures
In the ocean : a touch-and-feel adventure
Host manipulation by parasites : adaptation to enhance transmission?
Con Ca Bay Mau = The rainbow fish
Temperature as a modifier of fish cardiac contractility
First encyclopedia of seas and oceans
Finding Nemo
The great adventure of Wo Ti
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
Effects of temperature and feeding regime on compensatory growth of rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss
Summary: Cold water disease in rainbow trout : case report and oxytetracycline residues after treatment.
Effect of nutrients on competition between a virulent and a less virulent strain of the fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Self-assessment colour review of ornamental fish
Key papers on fish populations
Parasitism, reproduction and sexual selection of roach, Rutilus rutilus L
Hooray for fish!
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
Water sings blue : ocean poems
Pigment organelle localization in fish melanophores
Boreal fishes and ultraviolet radiation : actions of UVR at molecular and individual levels
Fishing
Comparison of Old World and New World tropical Cyprinodonts : a parallel outlook of similar and distinctive characteristics regarding distribution, evolution, ecology, behavior, morphomeristics, genetics and color pattern
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
The variations in the catch of Salmon and the Water levels of the rivers
Transmission and host and mate location in the fish louse Argulus coregoni and its link with bacterial disease in fish
The fish on your plate : why we eat what we eat from the sea
Assessment of fish migration in rivers by horizontal echo sounding : problems concerning side-aspect target strength
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
The fishes of Zimbabwe
Intraspecific variation in phenotypic plasticity
Sustainability in fisheries management
Sustainable production of healthy fish : tackling parasitic threats with knowledge on their ecology
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Market research in the Vietnamese marine sector   Case study of eNav forecast - a navigation application developed by NASCA Geosystems
Sea fishes and invertebrates of the Mediterranean sea
Parasitic fauna of freshwater fish of the Ukrainian S.S.R
Marine aquarium handbook : beginner to breeder
One smart fish
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
Children of the sea. 1
The complete fishing manual
Ihmistoiminnan vaikutus Cross River –joen Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon –alueen kalayhteisön rakenteeseen.
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 4, Chordata 1 : Protochordata, Cyclostomata and Pisces
From genotype to phenotype : diversity and population structure of Flavobacterium psychrophilum
Report of the Workshop on Standardization of Selectivity Methods Applied to Trawling in the Mediterranean Sea, Sète, France, 9-11 February 2005 = Rapport de L'Atelier sur la Standardization des Méthodes de Séctivité appliquées au Chalutage en Méditerranée, Sète, France, 9-11 février 2005.
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
