http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9011 black magic
black magic
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
The opposite house
Transported to another dimension by the Books of Magic, Tim Hunter and Zatanna awake in a world where magic once ruled in peace until mad scientists banned magic and forced all of the magical creatures underground in exile. Tim soon finds out that his ancestors are tied to this world and that only he, through the Books of Magic, can free the "Wild World." Unsure of what transpired when Tim and Zatanna disappeared, the remaining members of JLD, with the help of Tim Hunter's father, manage to transport themselves to the "Wild World" and soon find that the rules of magic here are very different and very deadly.
Constantine. Volume 1 : the spark and the flame
Justice League Dark. Volume 1, In the dark
When my heart was wicked
H. P. Lovecrafts The Dunwich horror
Reasons to be cheerful
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
Rake at the gates of Hell
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Century: 1969
The cup of the world
The witch : a New-England folktale
Stitched. Volume 1
The left hand path
Justice League Dark. Volume 2, The books of magic
Encyclopedia of forbidden knowledge
Macumba : The Teachings of Maria-José, Mother of the Gods
Death and cigarettes
Justice League Dark. . Volume 6, Lost in forever
Witchcraft continued : popular magic in modern Europe
Dream a little dream
The satanic bible
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume III: Century, Book 2 : 1969
The fallout from the Justice League Dark's battles with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, during the DC crossover event 'Forever Evil', has left the team in tatters. Zatanna assumes leadership of the team and prepares to rebuild. With team members angry and confused by John Constantine's methods during the fight with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, how will John Constantine fit into this new team, if at all?
The Justice League Dark team is called into action by Wonder Woman in hopes of finding Pandora's Box, which may hold the only answers to save an ailing Superman. Not about to let the Seven Deadly Sins escape from Pandora's Box, The Phantom Stranger pleads with the remaining members of the Justice League to stop Wonder Woman before she accidentally puts an end to the world as they know it.
Horror out of Arkham
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
Grave witch
Sleepy hollow. The complete first season
Constantine. Volume 2, Blight
VOODOO / SECRET POWER IN AFRICA
The Witch : A New-England folktale
"Moll Pecksniff and her friends are living as outlaws in a secret cave by the sea, desperate to stay hidden from the Shadowmasks. But further along the coast lies the Amulet of Truth, the only thing powerful enough to force the Shadowmasks back and contain their dark magic. So, together with Gryff, the wildcat that's always by her side, and her best friends Alfie and Sid, Moll must sneak past smugglers, outwit mer creatures and crack secret codes to save the Old Magic."--Publisher description.
The fatal child
Burn with me
Contemporary life and witchcraft : magic, divination, and religious ritual in Europe
Justice League Dark. Volume 4, The rebirth of evil
Phantom Pains
White magic, Black magic in the European Renaissance : [from Ficino, Pico, Della Porta to Trithemius, Agrippa, Bruno]
Witchcraft and sorcery in Ovambo
The sixth key
Luciferian witchcraft : the grimoire of the serpent
Sleepy hollow. The complete second season
H. P. Lovecraft's The Dunwich horror
A net of dawn and bones
Imagine a city within a city, where monsters walk the street and magic fills the night. This is New York, but not as you know it. This New York is a city of magic and monsters. Where ordinary people live alongside demons and nightmares, completely unaware of them. New York is home to M, a man with a past...and a secret. He knows more about the creatures who call his city home than anyone else in the world. He walks between the two worlds, at home in neither but more than comfortable in both. M is the man the monsters call when things get bad. And things are about to get really, really bad.
The shadow keeper
Stations of the cross
Voodoo : truth and fantasy
White cat
"Teenage witch Nadia must defeat the evil sorceress Elizabeth before Elizabeth gathers enough power to summon the One Beneath and destroy everything Nadia has worked to protect"--
A city dreaming
Cults : From bacchus to heaven's gate
Ray Bradbury's Something wicked this way comes : the authorized adaptation
Black flowers
Dragon's Oath
Justice League Dark. Volume 5, Paradise lost
Vampires across the world have gone berserk, attacking anything with a pulse. Fearing her apocalyptic vision of the future has come to pass, Madame Xanadu mobilizes the team to intervene. But everything the Justice League Dark members know about how to slay a vampire is useless, for the world has changed.
House of secrets
Constantine. 4, The Apocalypse road
Justice League Dark. Volume 3, The death of magic
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Sorceress : a Spellcaster novel
Gravel. Volume two: The major seven
Deverry. 4, Dragon Revenant
Constantine. Volume 3 : The voice in the fire
Time is broken - and so is the Justice League Dark! The team may have welcomed Andrew Bennett, Frankenstein, and others back into the fold, but the reunion will be short-lived when the JLD finds itself scattered across the timestream. They're lost in an apocalyptic wasteland at the end of time. An incomprehensible dimension beyond all existence, the JLD finds itself at the dawn of a dark civilization lost to recorded history - the place where magic was first harnessed.
The Evil eye : a casebook
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Red sepulchre
The light ages
Elric of Melniboné
Voodoo truth and ffantasy
Black heart
Gravel. Volume three: The last king of England
Gravel. Volume one: Bloody liars
An out-of-control sorceress is creating havoc across the Earth, and not even the likes of Superman and Wonder Woman have been able to stop her. Clairvoyant Madame Xanadu has foreseen that the only means to save the planet is to assemble a group of the world's most powerful and bizarre magical heroes...
Young Indiana Jones and the ruby cross
The devil's trench coat
Something wicked this way comes
Witches and demons : a comparative perspective on witchcraft and satanism
Becoming Alpha
Bloody carnations
King's cage
Red Queen
