http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9016 lactic acid
lactic acid
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
Oxidative stress in skeletal muscle after acute exercise
Bacterial diversity and role of lactic acid in the pathogenesis of acid injury in the non-glandular region of the equine stomach
Preserving food without freezing or canning : traditional techniques using salt, oil, sugar, alcohol, vinegar, drying, cold storage and lactic fermentation
Optimization of polymerization parameters of lactic acid based hot melt adhesives
In vitro adhesion of probiotic lactic acid bacteria
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk product : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Genetic regulation of bacteriocin production in Lactobacillus = Genreguleringsstudier av bakteriosin produksjon i Lactobacillus
Amino acid catabolism by Lactobacillus helveticus in cheese : understanding the influence of strain variation on flavour formation
Biochemical and molecular genetic characterization of flavour-associated Lactobacillus peptidases and a L(+)-lactate dehydrogenase from Lactobacillus helviticus
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Transfer of nisin production by electrotransformation into Lactococcus lactis MG1363
Characterization of lactobacillus bacteriophage LL-H genes and proteins having biotechnological interest
Sammandrag: Utvikling av vektorer for regulert gen-uttrykk i Lactobacillus.
Development of dietary probiotics : estimation of optimal Lactobacillus GG concentrations
Improved enrichment cultivation of selected food-contaminating bacteria
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
Estimation methods for cardiovascular signal analysis
The physiological follow up methods of sports training
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Abstract: Testing of probiotic properties of four Lactobacillus amylovorus  strains. In this study the aim was to find out if four Lactobacillus amylovorus strains from porcine intestine have probiotic properties. The adhesion properties of lactobacilli to porcine gastrointestinal tract mucins and the potency to inhibit adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli were tested. Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli can cause post-weaning diarrhea in piglets. The disease can lead to reduced growth rate in the piglets and even to death which causes economic losses in pig production farms.    The adhesion of the lactobacilli on porcine intestinal mucus was tested with both commercial mucins from porcine stomach and with mucus isolated from the porcine intestine. Lactobacilli were labeled by fluorochrome SYTO9 and the fluorescence of the adhered lactobacilli was measured. The inhibitory effects of the lactobacilli on the adhesion of Escherichia coli to a porcine intestinal epithelial cell line (IPEC-1) were determined by measuring the amount of adhering Escherichia coli after the incubation with lactobacilli. Four different procedures were used in which when the lactobacilli were added before, after or at the same time with the Escherichia coli. Each procedure was repeated at least three times. Escherichia coli was labeled by tritiated thymidine and the radioactivity of the samples was measured by liquid scintillation.    The Lactobacillus strains did adhere to all three types of mucins, but repeated tests gave different results. The strains adhered better to commercial mucins from porcine stomach than to the mucus isolated from porcine intestine. One of the four Lactobacillus strains did inhibit the adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli but its inhibitory effect was weak. The rest of the Lactobacillus strains did not inhibit the adhesion of the pathogen.
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
Training lactate pulse rate
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
Structural modification of poly(lactic acid) by step-growth polymerization and stereocomplexation
Bioactive glass in lumbar spondylodesis : a pre-clinical and clinical study
Isolation, identification and exploitation of lactic acid bacteria from human and animal microbiota
Genetics and biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria
Effect of lactic acid on the meat quality properties and the taste of pork Serratus ventralis muscle
Lactobacillar S-layers : use of Lactobacillus brevis S-layer signals for heterologous protein production
Antioxidative properties of an artichoke extract on the expression of adhesion molecules E-selectin and ICAM-1 induced by chylomicrons originated from bovine milk fat meal
Therapeutic properties of fermented milks
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important <em>Lactobacillus</em> bacteriophages
Acute kidney injury in severe sepsis and septic shock
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Synthesis and characterization of lactic acid based poly(ester-urethanes)
Postmortem biochemistry : analysis of metabolic imbalance
Phage-host interactions in Lactobacillus delbrueckii : host recognition and transcription of early phage genes
Lactic acid bacteria associated with the spoilage of fish products
Recent advances in silage microbiology are reviewed. Most new techniques in silage microbiology use the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to make copies of a portion of the DNA in microorganisms. These techniques allow us to identify and quantify species as well as do community analysis. The PCR-based techniques are uncovering new species, both bacteria and fungi, during storage and feeding. Silage inoculants are widely available, but of greater interest has been research investigating why inoculants are so successful. Various inoculant strains have been found to produce bacteriocins and other compounds that inhibit other bacteria and fungi, improving their chances for success. In vitro ruminal fermentation research is showing that some inoculated silages affect rumen microorganisms, reducing methane in some cases and increasing microbial biomass production in others. Better understanding of silage microbiology will allow us to better manage silos and develop better inoculants to improve silage quality.
Development of vectors for regulated gene expression in Lactobacillus
The lactic acid bacteria. 2, The genera of lactic acid bacteria
Molecular biology of Lactobacillus lactis bacteriophage LL-H
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Functional foods for EU health in 2000 : 4th Workshop Demonstration of the Nutrional Functionality of Probiotic Foods, Rovaniemi, Finland, February 25-28, 2000
Molecular genetic characterisation of an oligopeptide transport system from Lactobacillus delbrueckii Subsp. Bulgaricus and some key peptidases from Lactobacillus helveticus
Genetics of lactic acid bacteria
Bovine colostral antibodies and selected lactobacilli as means to control gastrointestinal infections.
DGGE analysis of probiotic-induced alteration in the canine faecal lactic acid bacteria microbiota
LGG - summatim : health effects of LGG and LGG Extra
Two levels of MCT1 and CD147 expression in the equine red blood cells and muscles
Mucosa-adherent lactobacilli : commensal and pathogenic characteristics
"Updated with the substantial progress made in lactic acid and bacteria research since the third edition, this fourth volume discusses improved insights in genetics and new molecular biological techniques. Thoroughly reorganized, this book incorporates the recent changes in new molecular techniques and the mechanistic understanding of probiotic functionality. The book remains firmly grounded in the basics of lactic acid bacteria; their genetics and taxonomy, their application in food and feed preparation, their health properties, and the legal issues associated with their use"--Provided by publisher.
Polyphasic taxonomic studies of lactic acid bacteria associated with non-fermented meats
The effects of vasopressor agents on the systemic and regional hemodynamics and metabolism
The presence of respiratory pathways in lactic acid bacteria (LAB) involved in meat spoilage
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Monocarboxylate transporters and heat shock proteins in domestic pigs in relation to stress and meat quality
Studies on the fermentation technology of bushera: a Ugandan traditional fermented cereal-based beverage
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiological and functional aspects
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
Biocontrol in milk : effects of lactic acid bacteria on Bacillus cereus = Biokontroll av melk : virkning av melkesyrebakterier på Bacillus cereus
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
A proteomic view of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG
Use of nisin and lactic acid/lactate to improve the microbial and sensory quality of rainbow throuth products
The role of non-starter lactic acid bacteria (NSLAB) and their interactions with Lactococcus lactis in the formation of aroma compounds from amino acids in cheese
The puzzle of decreased homeostatic slow wave sleep in aging
Antibiotic resistance in lactobacillar isolates
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
3D woven scaffolds for bone tissue engineering
Bovine colostral antibodies and selected lactobacilli as means to control gastrointestinal infections
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
In this work was evaluated the effect of lactic acid treatment method in pork Serratus ventralis muscle on meat quality parameters pH, color, weight loss, cooking loss, hardness, and taste.  The treatment was performed by immersing the sample in lactic acid solutions at two concentrations (1 and 3% v v⁻¹) for 1 and 3 min., immediately the samples were stored at 4 °C during 7 days. The taste was evaluated employing trained and untrained judges.  Only hardness, weight loss and cooking loss, were affected by lactic acid concentration (p<0.05). The perception of lactic acid taste to trained judges was higher in samples of major concentration and immersion time. To untrained judges the sample treated with 3% lactic acid for 1 minute, had the best acceptation. Both judges reported that the taste of meat was delicious. Therefore, lactic acid treatment may be an alternative to extend pork shelf life.
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
Studies of producer self-protection and nisin biosynthesis of Lactococcus lactis
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Surface components of Streptococcus lactis subsp. cremoris from viili
Lactoyl (co)polymers prepared by iron carboxylate catalysis
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiology and functional aspects
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
Genes and genome of Lactobacillus phage LL-H
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
Carbohydrate metabolism in meat animals
Measurement of conjugated linoleic acid and other fatty acids from serum and diet : results from the Finnish Mobile Clinic Health Examination Survey
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Adhesion and autoaggregation of Lactobacillus reuteri and description of a new Lactobacillus species with mucus binding properties
Evaluation of conditions for fermentation of fish offal
New insights into the biogenesis of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG pili and the in vivo effects of pili
The presence of respiratory pathaways in lactic acid bacteria (LAB) involved in meat spoilage
A larch biorefinery producing pulp and lactic acid
Molecular genetic characterization of some key peptidases from Lactobacillus strains used in the dairy industry
Recent advances in silage microbiology
Metabolic engineering of lactic acid bacteria and characterization of novel enzymes for the production of industrially important compounds
Characterization and applications of Lactobacillus brevis S-layer proteins and evaluation of Lactococcus lactis as a porcine cytokine producer
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
In vitro and in vivo characterization of potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria and prebiotic carbohydrates
Permeability barrier of the Gram-negative bacterial outer membrane with special reference to nisin
Preservation effects by lactic acid fermentation : a literature review
Studies on an adhesion promoting protein from Lactobacillus ad its role in colonization of the gastrointestinal tract
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important Lactobacillus bacteriophages
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
Moonlighting proteins of lactobacillus crispatus : extracellular localization, cell wall anchoring and interactions with the host
Lactic acid-fermented oats and barley for human dietary use : with special reference to Lactobacillus spp. and to nutritional and sensory properties
