http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9026 vegetarianism
vegetarianism
Lihan himo = [Lust for meat]
The bloodless revolution : radical vegetarians and the discovery of India
The diet of John the Baptist : "Locusts and wild honey" in synoptic and patristic interpretation
The vegan baker : more than 50 delicious recipes for vegan-friendly cakes, cookies, bars and other baked treats
Smith & daughters : cookbook (that happens to be vegan)
Food
Korean vegetarian : explore the spicy and robust tastes of a classic cuisine, with 55 recipes shown in 300 step-by-step photographs
Diet, life expectancy, and chronic disease : studies of Seventh-Day Adventists and other vegetarians
Religious vegetarianism : from Hesiod to the Dalai Lama
The vegan cook's bible
Classic vegetarian cookery
Vegetarian cooking for beginners
Vegetarian cooking : teachers handbook
Young vegetarians and omnivores : dietary habits and other health-related aspects
The yoga lifestyle : using the flexitarian method to ease stress, find balance and create a healthy life
Raw : recipes for a modern vegetarian lifestyle
The modern vegetarian : food adventures for the contemporary palate
The history of vegetarianism and cow-veneration in India
The vegetarian : a novel
The greens cookbook : extraordinary vegetarian cuisine
Of Victorians and vegetarians : the vegetarian movement in nineteenth-century Britain
The complete book of raw food : healthy, delicious vegetarian cuisine made with living foods includes over 350 recipes from the world's top raw food chefs
The vegetarian athlete's cookbook : more than 100 delicious recipes for active living
World vegetarian classics
Explores the world's meat cultures and traditions to share insights into why a craving for animal protein evolved in humans and why vegetarian lifestyles are so difficult to maintain despite health warnings.
The fresh vegan kitchen : delicious recipes for the vegan and raw kitchen
Meathooked : the history and science of our 2.5-million-year obsession with meat
Vegetarianism has been practiced in the United States since the country's founding, yet the early years of the movement have been woefully misunderstood and understudied. Through the Civil War, the vegetarian movement focused on social and political reform, but by the late nineteenth century, the movement became a path for personal strength and success in a newly individualistic, consumption-driven economy. This development led to greater expansion and acceptance of vegetarianism in mainstream society. So argues Adam D. Shprintzen in his lively history of early American vegetarianism and social reform. From Bible Christians to Grahamites, the American Vegetarian Society to the Battle Creek Sanitarium, Shprintzen explores the diverse proponents of reform-motivated vegetarianism and explains how each of these groups used diet as a response to changing social and political conditions. By examining the advocates of vegetarianism, including institutions, organizations, activists, and publications, Shprintzen explores how an idea grew into a nationwide community united not only by diet but also by broader goals of social reform.
Sistah vegan : black female vegans speak on food, identity, health, and society
The meat fix : how a lifetime of healthy eating nearly killed me
Not just a load of lentils
Becoming vegetarian : the complete guide to adopting a healthy vegetarian diet
New feast : modern Middle Eastern vegetarian
The plantpower way : whole food plant-based recipes and guidance for the whole family
The vegetarian low-carb diet cookbook : the fast, no-hunger weightloss cookbook for vegetarians
Nourish : vibrant salads to relish & refresh
Making a killing : the political economy of animal rights
Food for the gods : vegetarianism & the world's religions: essays, conversations, recipes
At home in the whole food kitchen : celebrating the art of eating well
Super natural every day : well-loved recipes from my natural foods kitchen
Vegetarianism : a history
The sexual politics of meat : a feminist-vegetarian critical theory
Wholefoods : a cook's kitchen handbook
The Vegetarian athlete's cookbook : more than 100 delicious recipes for active living
Reinventing Poland : economic and political transformation and evolving national identity
"The must-have book for FullyRaw fans or anyone who wants to explore a raw-foods vegan diet to lose weight, gain energy, and improve overall health and wellness   The Fully Raw Diet offers a 21-day plan to help people enjoy a clean, plant-based, healthful approach to eating. Kristina Carrillo-Bucaram transformed her own health by eating vegetables, fruits, nuts, and seeds--100% fresh, raw, and ripe--and she is now the vivacious, uber-healthy founder of the FullyRaw brand. Her ten-year success with this lifestyle inspires thousands via social media, and her 21-day FullyRaw Video Challenge on YouTube in 2014 dramatically grew her fan base. This book shares her advice and will correspond to a new video challenge, with meal and exercise tips, recipes, and vivid photos. Fans will love the smoothies, salads, main dishes, and desserts, such as Lemon-Ginger Blast, Spicy Mango Basil Salad, Yellow Squash Fettuccine Alfredo, Melon Pops, and Caramel-Apple Cups"--
The health delusion : how to achieve exceptional health in the 21st century
Afro-vegan : farm-fresh African, Caribbean & southern flavors remixed
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
Vegan menu as a decisive factor when booking a cruise through the Baltic Sea
Linda McCartney on tour : over 200 meat-free dishes from around the world
Raw, vegan, not gross : all vegan and mostly raw recipes for people who love to eat
Nutrition and bone health
This book offers practical tools based on the most efficient practices of yoga and Ayurveda mixed with contemporary diet and lifestyle practices to help the modern yogi live a balanced life of health and happiness. It's all about bringing the experience of yoga on the mat onto all levels of life and draws not only from classical Ayurveda but also from holistic nutrition and a modern approach to yoga. Doron introduces the concept of the flexitarian. The book looks at the flexitarian diet and expands upon those principles to create an entire flexitarian lifestyle. Create the best life possible without the stress and choose the healthiest life options for you according to your needs.
YumUniverse : infinite possibilities for a gluten-free, plant-powerful, whole-food lifestyle
Whether you already love vegan food or need some convincing, YouTube star Laura Miller offers more than a hundred entirely vegan and mostly raw recipes for all people who want to eat deliciously. Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. is the debut cookbook from YouTube's Tastemade star Laura Miller. A soon to be modern classic, Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. will engage your taste buds with strengthening breakfasts (coconut kale smoothies; strawberry chia pudding), easy weeknight dinners (black bean and squash blossom tacos; kale pesto with noodles), crowd-pleasing party food (spicy watermelon gazpacho; buffalo cauliflower bites), irresistible drinks & desserts (lavender turmeric milk; chile chocolate truffles), and many more nutritious, satisfying dishes that are as beautiful and fun to make as they are healthful. Eschewing a strict or dogmatic approach to raw veganism, Laura's self-deprecating humor, candor about issues of food and body-image, and infectious enthusiasm make her the ideal guide and travel companion for people who want to fall back in love with produce or simply celebrate the joy of real, good food.
The raw gourmet : simple recipes for living well
Chinese vegetarian cooking
Current issues in vegetarian nutrition : proceedings of an International Vegetarian Conference (Nutrition '96) , August 8-11,1996 Andrews University, Michigan
Pure vegetarian : 180 Indian-inspired recipes to nourish body and soul
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
Living vegetarian for dummies
Pure vegan : 70 recipes for beautiful meals and clean living
The kind diet : a simple guide to feeling great, losing weight, and saving the planet
On abstinence from killing animals
Crazy sexy diet : eat your veggies, ignite your spark, and live like you mean it!
Party vegan : fabulous, fun food for every occasion
Rights, killing, and suffering : moral vegetarianism and applied ethics
Skinny bitch : ultimate everyday cookbook
The make ahead vegan cookbook : 125 freezer-friendly recipes
The heart of the plate : vegetarian recipes for a new generation
First published in 1990, The Sexual Politics of Meat is a landmark text in the ongoing debates about animal rights. In the two decades since, the book has inspired controversy and heated debate. The Sexual Politics of Meat argues that what, or more precisely who, we eat is determined by the patriarchal politics of our culture, and that the meanings attached to meat eating are often clustered around virility. We live in a world in which men still have considerable power over women, both in public and in private. Carol Adams argues that gender politics is inextricably related to how we view animals, especially animals who are consumed. Further, she argues that vegetarianism and fighting for animal rights fit perfectly alongside working to improve the lives of disenfranchised and suffering people, under the wide umbrella of compassionate activism.
Practically raw : flexible raw recipes anyone can make
The Hare Krishna book of vegetarian cooking
Vegan with a vengeance : over 150 delicious, cheap, animal-free recipes that rock
The forest feast for kids : colorful vegetarian recipes that are simple to make
Raw food detox for health & vitality : includes an energizing 5-day plan to kick start a healthier you
Nutrition and wellness : a vegetarian way to better health
The vegan studies project : food, animals, and gender in the age of terror
The philosophy of vegetarianism
The meat free monday cookbook
The Gate vegetarian cookbook : where Asia meets the mediterranean
The great British vegetable cookbook
The new Cranks recipe book
"Vegan food with down-home appeal is the sort of vegan food Americans want to eat. Sit down to a dinner that looks and tastes great, but just happens to be completely plant-based so it's also good for you. That's how Ginny McMeans cooks, and here she shares 125 of her favorite recipes. Every recipe can also be made-ahead and frozen for later, as these meals are designed for the busy person. This is delicious, homemade, everyday food that you can cook fresh on a whim or pull from your freezer for a quick healthy supper, "--Amazon.com.
Food for a future : how world hunger could be ended by the twenty-first century
The complete vegetarian cookbook
Heaven's banquet : vegetarian cooking for lifelong health the Ayurveda way
Eating and believing : interdisciplinary perspectives on vegetarianism and theology
Food choise ideologies : their prevalence among different dietary groups and relation to other related concepts
The heretic's feast : a history of vegetarianism
The green kitchen : delicious and healthy vegetarian recipes for every day
Looking at vegetarianism
Featuring 75 healthy and delicious recipes, Raw introduces readers to the new look of vegetarian and raw food. Divided into five chapters – breakfast, snacks, light lunches, main dishes, and sweet treats – readers can expect bright, fresh flavours with recipes like Green smoothie, Pistachio and kale hummus, Quinoa pizza, and vegan Vanilla ice cream. All the recipes are vegetarian and many are raw and vegan. After each chapter of recipes there is a seasonal recipe and activity section, which explores some wider lifestyle elements of living healthily, for example growing vegetables in small spaces, dying cloth with turmeric in summer, picking wild berries in fall, and making holiday gifts in winter.
The global guide to animal protection
Living foods for optimum health : your complete guide to the healing power of raw foods
Vegan handbook : over 200 delicious recipes, meal plans and vegetarian resources for all ages
The vegetarian option
Animal liberation
The complete book of vegetarian cooking
Afro-vegan : farm-fresh African, Caribbean &​ Southern flavors remixed
The vegetarian crusade : the rise of an American reform movement, 1817-1921
The really useful ultimate student vegetarian cookbook
Vegetarian pregnancy & baby book
Learning to cook vegetarian
Vegetarian times  fast and easy : great food you can make in minutes
My new roots : inspired plant-based recipes for every season
Food 52 vegan : 60 vegetable-driven recipes for any kitchen
The face on your plate : the truth about food
The fully raw diet : 21 days to better health with meal and exercise plans, tips, and 75 recipes
The meat free Monday cookbook
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
Fresh & green : over 100 exciting new vegetarian recipes
The vegetarian cook's bible
Vegetarians and vegans in America today
Food for a future : the ecological priority of a humane diet
