http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9028 veganism
veganism
Lihan himo = [Lust for meat]
Deliciously Ella : awesome ingredients and incredible food that you and your body will love
The vegan baker : more than 50 delicious recipes for vegan-friendly cakes, cookies, bars and other baked treats
Eat smart : what to eat in a day - every day
Vegan cupcakes take over the world : 75 dairy-free recipes for cupcakes that rule
The Vegan Cookbook : over 200 recipes all completely free from animal produce
Skinny bitch in the kitch : kick-ass recipes for hungry girls who want to stop cooking crap (and start looking hot!)
The vegan cook's bible
The chakra kitchen : feed your body to nourish your spirit
Raw : recipes for a modern vegetarian lifestyle
Living vegan for dummies
The non-dairy evolution cookbook : a modernist culinary approach to plant-based, dairy-free foods
Vegan smoothies : natural and energizing drinks for all tastes
A vegan ethic : embracing a life of compassion toward all
The fresh vegan kitchen : delicious recipes for the vegan and raw kitchen
Peace and parsnips : vegan cooking for everyone
Naturally sassy : my recipes for an energised, healthy and happy you
Vegan stories : what's it really like being a vegan? : vegans from around the world, aged 2 to 92, tell their true-life stories..
Sistah vegan : black female vegans speak on food, identity, health, and society
Healthy happy vegan kitchen
The new vegan : great recipes, no-nonsense advice and simple tips
The everyday vegan : recipes & lessons for living the vegan life
Becoming vegetarian : the complete guide to adopting a healthy vegetarian diet
Vegetarian times : everything vegan
The plantpower way : whole food plant-based recipes and guidance for the whole family
Salad samurai : 100 cutting-edge, ultra-hearty, easy-to-make salads you don't have to be vegan to love
Veganish : the omnivore's guide to plant-based cooking
Plenty more
Gluten-free and vegan holidays : celebrating the year with simple, satisfying recipes and menus
Vegan : the new ethics of eating
The joy of vegan baking : the compassionate cooks' traditional treats and sinful sweets
How it all vegan!: irresistible recipes for an animal-free diet
Real food for everyone : vegan-friendly meals for meat lovers, vegetarians and vegans
At home in the whole food kitchen : celebrating the art of eating well
V is for vegan
"Detailed step-by-step instructions are provided for creating non-dairy butter, milks and creams using a variety of plant-based ingredient options; cultured raw buttermilk, cultured cashew-based creams, Greek-style yogurt and cultured cheeses; "Instant" soymilk or almond milk-based cheeses that shred and melt; tofu-based cheeses ; delicious eggless egg recipes; and delectable non-dairy desserts including puffy, gelatin-free marshmallows! ... Allergy warning: most of the recipes in thnis book involve soy, cashew nuts or almonds"-- P.[4] of cover.
Thug Kitchen : 101 : fast as f*ck
Vegan menu as a decisive factor when booking a cruise through the Baltic Sea
Raw, vegan, not gross : all vegan and mostly raw recipes for people who love to eat
Vegan ice cream : over 90 sinfully delicious dairy-free delights
The non-dairy formulary : vegan cuisine for the ethical gourmet
Vegan cookies invade your cookie jar : 100 dairy-free recipes for everyone's favorite treats
Vegan cooking : over 50 inspirational recipes that are free from animal products
Vegan nutrition
YumUniverse : infinite possibilities for a gluten-free, plant-powerful, whole-food lifestyle
Mouthwatering vegan : over 130 irresistible recipes for everyone
Whether you already love vegan food or need some convincing, YouTube star Laura Miller offers more than a hundred entirely vegan and mostly raw recipes for all people who want to eat deliciously. Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. is the debut cookbook from YouTube's Tastemade star Laura Miller. A soon to be modern classic, Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. will engage your taste buds with strengthening breakfasts (coconut kale smoothies; strawberry chia pudding), easy weeknight dinners (black bean and squash blossom tacos; kale pesto with noodles), crowd-pleasing party food (spicy watermelon gazpacho; buffalo cauliflower bites), irresistible drinks & desserts (lavender turmeric milk; chile chocolate truffles), and many more nutritious, satisfying dishes that are as beautiful and fun to make as they are healthful. Eschewing a strict or dogmatic approach to raw veganism, Laura's self-deprecating humor, candor about issues of food and body-image, and infectious enthusiasm make her the ideal guide and travel companion for people who want to fall back in love with produce or simply celebrate the joy of real, good food.
The kind diet : a simple guide to feeling great, losing weight, and saving the planet
The 100 best vegan baking recipes : amazing cookies, cakes, muffins, pies, brownies and breads
Party vegan : fabulous, fun food for every occasion
Artisan vegan cheese : from everyday to gourmet
The make ahead vegan cookbook : 125 freezer-friendly recipes
Practically raw : flexible raw recipes anyone can make
Vegan with a vengeance : over 150 delicious, cheap, animal-free recipes that rock
Animal free shopper
Deliciously Ella every day : simple recipes and fantastic food for a healthy way of life
Sweet vegan : 70 delicious dairy-free desserts
Vegan bodybuilding &  fitness
Totem and taboo in the grocery store : quasi-religious foodways in North America
Eat and run : my unlikely journey to ultramarathon greatness
Raw food detox for health & vitality : includes an energizing 5-day plan to kick start a healthier you
Keep it vegan : over 100 simple, healthy & delicious dishes
The vegan studies project : food, animals, and gender in the age of terror
From the fitness and nutrition guru who transformed the diets of Beyoncé, Jay-Z and Pharrell Williams comes practical advice and tools for switching to a plant-based lifestyle. This book includes more than 65 healthy and delicious vegan recipes to help transform your life and body in just 22 days.
Vegan for the holidays : celebration feasts for Thanksgiving through New Year's Day
Yasou : a magical fusion of Greek & Middle Eastern vegan
The vegan pantry : more than 60 delicious recipes for modern vegan food
Raw : 150 dairy-free and gluten-free vegan recipes
"Vegan food with down-home appeal is the sort of vegan food Americans want to eat. Sit down to a dinner that looks and tastes great, but just happens to be completely plant-based so it's also good for you. That's how Ginny McMeans cooks, and here she shares 125 of her favorite recipes. Every recipe can also be made-ahead and frozen for later, as these meals are designed for the busy person. This is delicious, homemade, everyday food that you can cook fresh on a whim or pull from your freezer for a quick healthy supper, "--Amazon.com.
Veganomicon : the ultimate vegan cookbook
Thrive : the vegan nutrition guide to optimal performance in sports and life
The gentle chef cookbook
Vegan cooking for dummies
Vegan : over 90 mouthwatering recipes for all occasions
Skinny bitch : a no-nonsense, tough-love guide for savvy girls who want to stop eating crap and start looking fabulous!
Fresh : new vegetarian and vegan recipes from awardwinning fresh restaurants
Sweet eats for all : 250 decadent gluten-free, vegan recipes : from candy to cookies, puff pastries to petits fours
Ms. Cupcake : the naughtiest vegan cakes in town
Seitan and beyond : gluten and soy-based meat analogues for the ethical gourmet
Featuring 75 healthy and delicious recipes, Raw introduces readers to the new look of vegetarian and raw food. Divided into five chapters – breakfast, snacks, light lunches, main dishes, and sweet treats – readers can expect bright, fresh flavours with recipes like Green smoothie, Pistachio and kale hummus, Quinoa pizza, and vegan Vanilla ice cream. All the recipes are vegetarian and many are raw and vegan. After each chapter of recipes there is a seasonal recipe and activity section, which explores some wider lifestyle elements of living healthily, for example growing vegetables in small spaces, dying cloth with turmeric in summer, picking wild berries in fall, and making holiday gifts in winter.
Vegan handbook : over 200 delicious recipes, meal plans and vegetarian resources for all ages
"With his fabulous restaurants and bestselling Ottolenghi Cookbook, Yotam Ottolenghi has established himself as one of the most exciting new talents in the world of cookery and food writing. This exclusive collection of vegetarian recipes is drawn from his column 'The New Vegetarian' for the Guardian's Weekend magazine, and features both brand-new recipes and dishes first devised for that column. Yotam's food inspiration comes from his strong Mediterranean background and his unapologetic love of ingredients. Not a vegetarian himself, his approach to vegetable dishes is wholly original and innovative, based on strong flavours and stunning, fresh combinations. With sections devoted to cooking greens, aubergines, brassicas, rice and cereals, pasta and couscous, pulses, roots, squashes, onions, fruit, mushrooms and tomatoes, the breadth of colours, tastes and textures is extraordinary. Featuring vibrant, evocative food photography from acclaimed photographer Jonathan Lovekin, and with Yotam's voice and personality shining through, Plenty is a must-have for meat-eaters and vegetarians alike."--Publisher description.
Plenty
Minimalist Baker's everyday cooking : 101 entirely plant-based, mostly gluten-free, easy and delicious recipes
Afro-vegan : farm-fresh African, Caribbean &​ Southern flavors remixed
The really useful ultimate student vegetarian cookbook
The 22-day revolution : the plant-based programme that will transform your body, reset your habits, and change your life
Vegan meals for one or two : your own personal recipes
Becoming vegan : the complete guide to adopting a helthy plant-based diet
My new roots : inspired plant-based recipes for every season
Healthy vegetarian
Food 52 vegan : 60 vegetable-driven recipes for any kitchen
The face on your plate : the truth about food
Deliciously Ella with friends
Dear world, see what I see : my vegan path
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
The simply raw kitchen : plant-powered, gluten-free, and mostly raw recipes for healthy living
Vegetarians and vegans in America today
The non-dairy evolution cookbook : a modernist culinary approach to plant-based, dairy free foods
The vegan cookbook : over 50 inspirational recipes that are free from animal prodacts
The little book of vegan poems : explicit vegan lyrics
