http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9035 millennialism
millennialism millenarianism
As the millennium draws to a close, questions about the end of the world seem increasingly urgent. This volume is a guide to these bewildering questions and discourses of the limit. It will be of interest to anyone participating in contemporary debates in cultural studies, religious studies, literary theory, postmodernist philosophy and history.
The Oxford handbook of millennialism
Magic and the millennium : a sociological study of religious movements of protest among tribal and Third-World peoples
2012 and the end of the world : the Western roots of the Maya apocalypse
The shadows and lights of Waco : millennialism today
Visionary republic : millennial themes in American thought, 1756-1800
Millennium rage : survivalists, white supremacists, and the Doomsday prophecy
Beyond Germany fragmented : the idea of the Golden Age in Friedrich Schlegel's early Romantic philosophy of history
Place and orientation are important aspects of human experience. Place evokes geography and culture and conjures up history and myth. Place is not only a particular physical location but an idea, a mental construction that captures and directs the human relationship to the world. The contributors to this volume invite us to reflect on the significance of places, real and imagined, in the religious traditions they study and on how places are known, imagined, remembered and struggled for. Whether looking at the ways myth and ritual reinforce the Yoruba's bond to the land or at Australian Aboriginal engagements with the origins of the created world, exploring Hildegard of Bingen's experience of heaven or myths of the underworld in contemporary American millennialism, listening to oral narratives of divine politics and deserted places of Rajasthan or investigating literal and literary images of the Promised Land, these essays underscore that place is constructed in the intersection of material conditions, political realities, narrative and ritual performance.
Rua and the Maori millennium
From failed mission to apocalyptic admiration : perspectives on Finnish Christian zionism
The end all around us : apocalyptic texts and popular culture
Millenarian violence and persecution : rethinking the role of cultural opposition
Expecting the end : millennialism in social and historical context
Approaching the apocalypse : a short history of Christian millenarianism
The Oxford handbook of new religious movements
Heaven on earth : the varieties of the millennial experience
Millenarianism and messianism in early modern European culture. Vol. 3, The millenarian turn : millenarian contexts of science, politics, and everyday Anglo-American life in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Neither cargo nor cult : ritual politics and the colonial imagination in Fiji
Millenarianism and messianism in early modern European culture. Vol. 2, Catholic millenarianism : from Savonarola to the abbé Grégoire
In this volume, leading historians, critics and theorists review three thousand years of apocalyptic thought. Tracing the history of millenarianism from ancient times to the present day, they investigate the modern and postmodern debates in which apocalyptic themes are recirculated. From Zoroaster to Derrida, thinkers have used the dramatic language of apocalyptic to uncover the ends of the world - exploring the relationship between ends as purposes and ends as terminations, and the connections between religious and secular versions of apocalyptic theory. In the resulting interplay of closure and disclosure, they have sought to find purpose to life, and a conclusion to history.
Charisma, volatility and violence : assessing the role of crises of charismatic authority in precipitating incidents of millenarian violence
Andean millenarian movements : their origins, originality and achievements (16th-18th centuries)
Primitive rebels : studies in archaic forms of social movement in the 19th and 20th centuries
The millenium among the Tupí-Cocama : a case of religious ethno-dynamism in the Peruvian Amazon
Evangelical millennialism in the trans-Atlantic world, 1500-2000
Waiting for antichrist : charisma and apocalypse in a Pentecostal church
Early industrial England witnessed significant interactions between millenarianism and traditions of radical popular politics, including the first English socialisms. This text provides a detailed archive-based study of Southcottianism from 1815 to 1840 that revises many previous assumptions about this popular millenarian movement.
Apocalyptic faith and political violence : prophets of terror
Left behind as a stage for resolution of the internal tensions and insecurities of evangelic American fundamentalism
Heaven upon earth : Joseph Mede (1586-1638) and the legacy of millenarianism
Christian millenarianism : from the early church to Waco
Black mass : apocalyptic religion and the death of utopia
Millenarianism and messianism in early modern European culture. Vol. 4, Continental millenarians : protestants, catholics, heretics
The Melanesian cargo cult : milleniarism as a factor in cultural change
The year 1000 : religious and social response to the turning of the first millennium
Millennium, messiahs, and mayhem : contemporary apocalyptic movements
Millennial expectations in Revelation 20 and adversus haereses
Cosmos, self, and history in Baniwa religion : for those unborn
Mysterious apocalypse : interpreting the book of Revelation
The coming deliverer : millennial themes in world religions
Apocalyptic trajectories : millenarianism and violence in the contemporary world
Destroying the world to save it : Aum Shinrikyō, apocalyptic violence, and the new global terrorism
Millenarianism and messianism in early modern European culture. Vol. 1, Jewish messianism in the early modern world
Gender and apocalyptic desire
Toward the millennium : messianic expectations from the Bible to Waco
The roots of fundamentalism : British and American Millenarianism 1800-1930
Cargo, cult, and culture critique
The end is a beginning : contemporary apocalyptic representations of Jerusalem
The pursuit of the millennium : revolutionary millenarians and mystical anarchists of the Middle Ages
Primitive Rebels : studies in archaic forms of social movement in the 19th and 20th centuries
Experiences of place
Visionary religion and radicalism in early industrial England : from Southcott to socialism
War in heaven/heaven on earth : theories of the apocalyptic
The pursuit of the millennium : revolutionary messianism in medieval and reformation Europe and its bearing on modern totalitarian movements
Millennialists through the ages have looked forward to the apocalyptic moment that will radically transform society into heaven on Earth. Here, Landes offers a lucid and ground-breaking analysis of this widely misunderstood phenomenon.
Doomsayers : Anglo-American prophecy in the age of Revolution
Apocalypse theory and the ends of the world
The Buddhist world emperor's mission : millenarian Buddhism in postcolonial Burma
The fundamentalist mindset : psychological perspectives on religion, violence, and history
This title offers the first complete overview of the intellectual history of one of the most significant contemporary cultural trends - the apocalyptic expectations of European and American evangelicals - in an account that guides readers into the origins, its evolution, and its revolutionary potential in the modern world.
The struggle for the world : liberation movements for the 21st century
Summary: Messianism and millerism : typological aspects of messianist phenomena.
