http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p903 salt water fishes
salt water fishes
Dr. Burgess's atlas of marine aquarium fishes
Large differences in catch per unit of effort between two minnow trap models
The practical encyclopedia of marine aquarium
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
What's more scary than a shark?
Marine biotoxins
Use of fishery resources as feed inputs to aquaculture development : trends and policy implications
Fishes of the north-eastern Atlantic and the Mediterranean. Vol. 3
Effects of algal turbidity on foraging and antipredator behaviour of the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
Under the sea
Fishes of the north-eastern Atlantic and the Mediterranean. Vol. 1
199 sea creatures can be found in this extraordinary picture word book fitted into a neat and practical size.
Webs and scales : physical and ecological processes in marine fish recruitment
Part I of this report provides a summary of the proceedings of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean. Part II gives a management summary and full report of the flyingfish stock assessment undertaken at the meeting, as prepared by the FAO fisheries consultant with contributions, review and approval by the Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group. Part III presents national reports detailing the analyses and preparation of national data sets for use in the regional flyingfish stock assessment. Part IV provides the Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean amended as agreed at the meeting. The key results of the stock assessment conducted at the meeting are that the regional flyingfish stock is not currently overfished and that overfishing has not occurred in the history of the flyingfish fishery. It was agreed by the working group that there is no immediate action required by management to conserve the stock, unless there is a significant increase in regional flyingfish catches. It was further agreed that a catch trigger point of 5 000 tonnes should be established when action would be taken to ensure the stock does not become overfished. Among the agreed actions that should be taken if catches rise to or above the trigger point, is a freeze on further fishery development until a full scientific reassessment of the stock has been completed. The most significant uncertainty in the current assessment stems from the poor data available on catches and effort. It was agreed that improved data collection and monitoring is essential to ensure sustainable use of this and other fishery resources into the future, and that achieving this improvement should be a priority focus for all members with a flyingfish fishery. It was further agreed that the working group should maintain the electronic database that was assembled at the meeting, ensuring that it always represents the most up-to-date best estimate of flyingfish catch and effort in the subregion to support future reassessments. The Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean, prepared intersessionally after the second meeting, was fully reviewed at this meeting and amendments suggested in order to finalize the first draft of the fisheries management plan for presentation to the eastern Caribbean governments. The amended draft is provided here.
Big book of sea creatures
Fisheries oceanography : an integrative approach to fisheries ecology and management
Saltwater aquarium : [a complete pet owner's manual]
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Catch per unit effort in estimating the increase of cod in the Northern Baltic in 1976-81
Guide to the oceans
Biology of Antarctic fish
Fish physiology. Vol. 16, Deep-sea fishes
Review of the state of world fishery resources : marine fisheries
The OIE Global Conference on Aquatic Animal Health, Bergen, Norway, 9-12 October 2006
Report of the expert consultation to develop an FAO evaluation framework to assess the conformity of public and private ecolabelling schemes with the FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries, Rome, 24-26 November 2010.
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
Assessment and management of seafood safety and quality
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
Ecology of juvenile turbot and flounder in the Central Baltic Sea : Implications for recruitment
The reef aquarium
Fish physiology. 18, Muscle development and growth
Report of the Eleventh Session of the Commission and of the Eigth Session of the Committee for the Development and Management of Fisheries in the Lesser Antilles : St George's, Grenada, 21-24 October 2003 = Rapport de la Onzième session de la Commission et de la Huitième session du Comité du développement et de l'aménagement des pêches dans les Petites Antilles : Saint Georges, Grenade, 21-24 octobre 2003 = Informe de la Undécima reunión de la Comisión y de la Octava reunión del Comité para el desarrollo y la ordenación de la pesca en las Antillas Menores : St. George's, Granada, 21-24 de octubre de 2003
Marine fish & invertebrates of Northern Europe
Creatures of the deep
The pocket guide to saltwater fishes of Britain and Europe
Fisheries oceanography : new ocean environmental services
Sea fishing handbook
Fisheries resources of the sea and their management
Spatial and temporal variation in fish populations and assemblages in coastal waters of the northern Baltic Proper
Culture of cold-water marine fish
Fisheries oceanography and ecology
Amazing animals ; ocean odyssey
Manual on hatchery production of seabass and gilthead seabream. Vol. 2
The clownfish sea anemones : Stichodactylidae (Coelenterata/ Actiniaria) and other sea anemones symbiotic with Pomacentrid fishes
Catch of the day : choosing seafood for healthier oceans
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
What fish? : a buyers guide to reef fish
Report of the third session of the Scientific Advisory Group : Bridgetown, Barbados, 25-27 April 2005 = Rapport de la troisième session du Groupe scientifique consultatif : Bridgetown, Barbade, 25-27 avril 2005 = Informe de la tercera sesión del Grupo asesor científico : Bridgetown, Barbados, 25-27 de abril de 2005.
Mesopelagic fish in Norwegian waters : distribution, life history and genetics
Guidelines for acoustic surveys in the northwest African region = Directives pour les campagnes acoustiques dans la région de l'Afrique du Nord-Ouest
FAO species catalogue for fishery purposes
Summary in Norwegian.
Elevated concentrations of certain heavy metals: cadmium, lead, nickel, zink, copper, manganese and iron, were recorded from surface sediments close to two fish-farms at Nåtö, as were the concentrations of cadmium in liver, kidney, spleen and bile, of lead in kidney and spleen, of nickel in kidney and spleen, of zink in liver, kidney, gonads, spleen, of copper in liver, gonads, spleen, of manganese in kidney and gonads, of iron in spleen, of flounder, from Nåtö. For turbot only the concentrations of cadmium and copper in the kidneys, and of zink in gonads were noteworthy. In the soft tissue of Baltic clay-mussel elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from Nåtö Biological Station, lead, zink, copper, and iron, from both the station and the mouth of the former Nåtö sewage pipeline. Elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from soft tissue of blue-mussel from the Föglö fairway (close to the Föglö fish-farm), and from Kobbaklintar light-house island, where also the concentrations of manganese were notable, as were lead in mussels from the Nåtö Biological Station. Also for the cockle-mussel the concentrations of cadmium were elevated at Nåtö Biological Station. All flounders, however, were safe for e.g. human consumption.
Assurance of seafood quality
Reef fishes & corals : east coast of southern Africa
Damselfishes of the world
Marine fisheries ecosystem : its quantitative evaluation and management
Surgeonfishes of the world
Fishes of the Atlantic coast of Canada
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
Ocean venom : octopus, jellyfish, sea wasps etc
Ken Schultz's field guide to saltwater fish
Marine aquarium handbook : beginner to breeder
In the ocean : a touch-and-feel adventure
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
A global assessment of offshore mariculture potential from a spatial perspective
Surimi and surimi seafood
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
The living marine resources of the Western Central Atlantic
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas, Bangkok. 11-14 September 2007.
The physiology of polar fishes
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Hatching and ontogeny in marine fishes : consequences for variability and viability at first feeding
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
Marine fisheries ecology
Check-list of marine fishes of Greece
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 5, Bony fishes part 3 (Menidae to Pomacentridae)
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
The living marine resources of the western central Atlantic. Volumes 1-3
Fishes of the north-eastern Atlantic and the Mediterranean. Vol. 2
Natural history of the sea fan blenny, Emblemariopsis pricei (Teleostei: Chaenopsidae), in the Western Caribbean
The pout-pout fish
Red Sea reef guide : Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sudan, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Arabian Peninsula (Oman, UAE, Bahrain) : Over 1,000 photographs of coral reef animals taken in their natural habitat
The living marine resources of the western central Pacific. Volumes 1-6
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
The encyclopedia of sharks
Marine food chains
199 things under the sea
The Icelandic capelin stock : capelin, Mallotus villosus (Müller) in the Iceland-Greenland-Jan Mayen area
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 2
Heavy metals in the coastal environment around Nåtö, Lemland (Åland Islands, Baltic Sea)
The observer's book of sea fishes
Interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries : proceedings of the first FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, 3-11 December 1991, Nouméa, New Caledonia. Vol. 2, Papers on biology and fisheries
Manual on hatchery production of seabass and gilthead seabream. Vol. 1
Report of the fourth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture : Puerto Varas, Chile, 6-10 October 2008 = Rapport de la quartrième session du Sous-Comité de l'Aquaculture : Puerto Varas, Chili, 6-10 octobre 2008 = Informe de la cuarta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura : Puerto Varas, Chile, 6-10 de oktubre de 2008
Report of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean, Mount Irvine, Tobago, 21-21 July 2008.
REEF FISHES AND CORALS OF THE RED SEA
Synthesis of Mediterranean marine finfish aquaculture : a marketing and promotion strategy
Molecular studies of the gonadotropins and their receptors in the multiple spawner Atlantic halibut (Hippoglossus hippoglossus) = Molekylære studier av de gonadotropine hormonene og deres reseptorer hos flergangsgytende atlanterhavskveite (Hippoglossus hippoglossus)
Foodborne disease handbook 4: seafood and environmental toxins. Volume 4, Seafood and environmental toxins
Chemical composition and processing properties of marine and ocean fishes : handbook
