http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9036 spirometry
spirometry
Men with asthma since youth : prognosis, impact of work and effect on work ablity
Spirometric and gas analytic studies in pulmonary insufficiency at rest and during graduated exercise
Spirometric studies on the adult general population of Helsinki : bronchodilation responses, determinants and intra-session repeatability of FEV1, FEV6, FVC and forced expiratory time : a report from the FinEsS-Helsinki II study
Pocket guide to spirometry
Noninvasive diagnosis of acute and chronic rejection after lung transplantation : an experimental and clinical study
Respiratory values for healthy children aged 10-12 in Finland and Ireland : a pilot study
Telomere length in circulating leukocytes is associated with lung function and disease
Pulmonary function
McGraw-Hill's pocket guide to spirometry
The book discusses new concepts and findings in the field of pulmonary function. This function is notably associated with spirometry and gas exchange at the lungs. The technique of spirometry, its clinical meaning, and reference values have all been refined over decades of its use. Although spirometry remains ancillary in diagnosis-making, it seems hardly replaceable in monitoring of lung disease progression and treatment efficacy. Pulmonary function goes far beyond spirometry. It encompasses interactions with the cardiovascular system, sleep disordered breathing, etiological factors like occupational bio aerosol exposure or cigarette smoke related issues. Pulmonary function may crumple in any respiratory ailment, the case in point being all too often respiratory tract infections. Chapters contribute to the latest thinking on molecular mechanisms underpinning pulmonary function, on patient care and attempt to keep up-to-date with current clinical and research progress. The book will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers.
Long-term outcome of early childhood lower respiratory tract infections : respiratory morbidity, lung function, and health-related quality of life in the 30-year follow-up
Weight, asthma, and bone mineral density : a prospective follow-up study after early childhood wheezing
Abstract.
A manual of laboratory and diagnostic tests
Summary.
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
