http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9047 maintenance
maintenance
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Environmentally conscious mechanical design
Strategic maintenance planning
Managing software quality : a measurement framework for assessment and prediction
Installing and configuring Windows server 2012 : exam 70-410
Outsourcing of data management processes
Bridges, law and power in medieval England, 700-1400
Reliability centered maintenance (RCM) : implementation made simple
Empiric study on the implementation of a CAFM system on the German market
PC hacks
Methods for software quality and easy maintenance
Network maintenance and troubleshooting guide
Quality of EIS support and maintenance services
Service intelligence : improving your bottom line with the power of IT service management
Golf Greens and Green-Keeping
The facility management handbook
An introduction to predictive maintenance
Motor boating
Health monitoring of aerospace structures : smart sensor technologies and signal processing
Introducing Windows Server 2012
Process technology operations
Aircraft powerplants
The facility manager's guide to safety and security
Improving the budgeting of software maintenance programs
Naantali, the centre for ship repairs
Microsoft SharePoint 2003 : unleashed
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF MAINTENANCE FUNCTIONS : The finishing line in the board factory
Maintenance systems and documentation
Abstract: Key Performance Indicators for Field Service. The purpose of this study was to design metrics to measure the effectiveness of field service in the ABB Finland's Drives Service division.     The need for this graduate study arises from lack of utilization of field service reports that are stored in ABB's drives database called Drives Installed Base (DIB). The data stored in the Drives Installed Base can be used to devise metrics called Key Performance Indicators to track and improve field service maintenance efficiency. The principal stakeholder for this study is the ABB Finland Drives Service.     In order to come up with a functioning system a continuous process to improve maintenance quality was devised along with the KPIs needed for its implementation.     The scope of this study is limited to the proposal of the KPIs and therefore does not include in any way what platform or software is used in their implementation.     The proposed KPIs provide a targeted approach into analysing maintenance performance in a way that is specific and quantifiable. This provides the basis for future development.
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
MCITP self-paced training kit (exam 70-444) : optimizing and maintaining a database administration solution using Microsoft SQL server 2005
The accidental sysadmin handbook : a primer for early level IT professionals
Power Plant Equipment Operation and Maintenance Guide : maximizing efficiency and profitability / Philip Kiameh
Practical software maintenance : best practices for managing your software investment
Saws : design, selection, operation, maintenance
The best damn Windows Server 2008 book period
Conservation and maintenance of concrete facades : technical possibilities and restrictions
Batchix revisited
Wärtsilä has provided a Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) service to its own power plant and marine engine applications for several years now. The CBM service is continuously  developed and because of future emission legislation (IMO TIER III 2016), demand for Wärtsilä dual fuel (DF) engines is increasing. Over 300 W50DF engines are in operation at the moment  of which over 200 are marine applications. The goal of this thesis was to develop the present CBM monitoring and reporting more specified to W50DF engine type by improving the contents of the report. This is based on the customer's demand to optimize maintenance intervals. The thesis begins with a theoretical background of the CBM operation in general and the basic working principles of a W50DF engine. The economic value of the CBM for customer is also inspected in the theory part. The Wärtsilä CBM operation is described; how it is utilized now and  what can be improved. The development project was carried out by interviewing W50DF technical service experts, circulating an example CBM report in the W50DF department and  taking into account the customer feedback. The requisite number of measurement points to analyze W50DF was defined and focusing of limit values was done as well. In the process, a  formula for the calculated turbocharger parameter was developed which can be implemented easily to the system. A great part of this work was the improvement of long-term engine  performance follow-up and ways it could be executed as an automatic function with the present CBM technology. Performance follow-up with certain load levels can be implemented by  adjusting the current software but an agreement with the customer is needed to realize the correct load points. An example CBM report was made for a W50DF engine where all the new  features and improvement proposals with explanations were included.  With these improvements and changes, the condition evaluation and monitoring of the W50DF engine can be done more inclusively and the basis for the extension of maintenance intervals is easier to present.
Bridging the skills gap between work and education
Maintenance management requirements for the UCaaS solution
Windows 7 bible
Managing Vmware Infrastructure with Windows Powershell : TFM
Selecting the right manufacturing improvement tools : what tool? when?
Understanding and analyzing SQL/CLI database usage of Java software: empirical study
Computer networking
CompTIA strataTMIT fundamentals all-in-one exam guide (Exam FC0-U41)
Risk management and error reduction in aviation maintenance
Long-term follow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
Ship Repair and Maintenance Handbook 2004
In a class of your own : managing kids behaviour
Conservation guidelines. No. 16, Fire safety, security & maintenance
Key Performance Indicators for Field Service
Mac OS X Advanced System Administration v10.5
Upgrading and repairing PCs
Configuring advanced Windows server 2012 services : exam 70-412 : lab manual
Introduction to reliability engineering
User-oriented and cost effective management, maintenance and modernization of building facilities
Software maintanance : concepts and practice
Steam plant operation
Practice of geriatrics
IP, Ethernet, and MPLS networks : resource and fault management
Inside Active Directory : a system administrator's guide
Career skills : a guide to long-term succes
WordPress
Planning of maintenance procedure for OSS technical care reference environment
Fix your own computer for seniors for dummies
The A-Z of facilities and property management
Developing performance indicators for managing maintenance
All-in-one CompTIA A+ certification exam guide : (exams 220-701 & 220-702)
System center configuration manager 2007 R3 complete
CCNP 4 : network troubleshooting companion guide
Essentials of systems analysis and design
Re-engineering legacy software through language conversion
World heritage : challenges for the millennium
Multi-user management system for Internet shops
Avionics : troubleshooting and repair
Mixed-stock exploitation of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) and seal-induced damage in the coastal trap-net fishery of the Gulf of Bothnia : challenges and potential solutions
Preventive maintenance for higher education facilities : a planning and budgeting tool for facilities professionals
Research on work-related stress
Advanced reliability models and maintenance policies
Definition and description of the software maintenance process
Managing and maintaining Windows 8 : exam 70-688
SAP® ERP Upgrade and Testing : Case: Haaga-Helia UAS
Overall equipment effectiveness : a powerful production/maintenance tool for increased profits
SAP NetWeaver® portal
SQL Server 2000.. SQL Server 2000 administration
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Fault-proneness of open source software: Exploring its relations to internal software quality and maintenance process
Modernizing legacy systems : software technologies, engineering processes, and business practices
Handbook of reliability, availability, maintainability and safety in engineering design
Analytical network and system administration : managing human-computer networks
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Red Hat Linux 8 unleashed
Portable and precise, this pocket-sized guide delivers immediate answers for the day-to-day administration of Exchange Server 2010. Zero in on core support and maintenance tasks using quick-reference tables, instructions, and lists. You'll get the focused information you need to solve problems and get the job done - whether you're at your desk or in the field!
Windows 8 simplified
Automated transient hypertext support for software maintenance
The beginner's guide to fixing your PC : how to solve the commonest computer problems
Engineering maintenance : a modern approach
The promotion of Finnish arts and crafts
Software evolution and maintenance : a practitioner ́s approach
Process problem solving : a guide for maintenance and operations teams
Industrial robotics : selection, design, and maintenance
Introduction to Windows Server 2003
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-431) : Microsoft SQL Server 2005 - implementation and maintenance
Successful evolution of software systems
Troubleshooting & maintaining your PC all-in-one for dummies
Building maintenance management
Chapels & churches: who cares
Facilities engineering and management handbook : commercial, industrial, and institutional buildings
Predictive maintenance in MicroSCADA application
Agile software maintenance
Agile batch and scripting tech[n]iques
Complete guide to preventive and predictive maintenance
The compleat book of yacht care
WordPress® 24-hour trainer
Managing for featured, threatened, endangered, and sensitive species and unique habitats for ecosystem sustainability
Research and development of maintenance functions : the finishing line  in the board factory
Advances in the bonded composite repair of metallic aircraft structure
Improving the use of information technology in maintenance department
Handbook of maintenance management and engineering
The best damn server virtualization book period
IPM  Handbook for golf courses
Facilities management : managing maintenance for buildings and facilities
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
Evaluating the use of PC's remote control programs in test equipment of electronic production
Until recently, the most important revenue generating factor in the telecommunication industry was the product as a box itself. This sector is going through major changes, which resulted in the unbundling of products and services. As the services business grows, it becomes the main revenue generating item, and telecommunication companies become software and services companies. Telecommunications services are based on software based solutions, and software needs continuous care, namely software maintenance.    The scope of this thesis is software business, more closely it deals with software maintenance budget planning. The starting point of the study was the following: the software update revenue – earned by the sponsor company - needs to be split up between the different software maintenance programs in a more efficient way, hence improving the budget planning of these programs. The study has three objectives: overviewing the way software business is approached by the sponsor company, finding relevant parameters to help more accurate software maintenance program budgeting, and analyzing the relationship between software update sales and problem ticket reporting.    First, the study overviews the relevant literature of products, services and software maintenance. Then it overviews the sponsor company's approach to software business. After this, the methodology of the study is presented. This means the investigation software maintenance programs of the sponsor company in order to find relevant parameters for budgeting. It is achieved by collecting evidence from various sources. The rest of the thesis presents and summarizes the findings, discusses the quality of the report and gives recommendations for future research.    The results of the study are the following. First, the report presents a summary of the SW Business approach at the sponsor company, which can be used as a compact self-study material on the topic. Further results are the relevant parameters for software maintenance program budgeting, as follows: installed base information, product characteristics, new vs. mature technologies, low cost vs. high cost locations, and different cost structures of the ex-companies. The study also presents a general formula for SW Update cost calculation in a global organization. Taken into consideration these result help a better budget planning for software maintenance programs.
Facilities management handbook
WordPress for dummies
Using Microsoft Windows XP professional
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Facilities manager's desk reference
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 administrator's pocket consultant
Cisco CCNP TSHOOT simplified : your complete guide to passing the CCNP TSHOOT exam
Degunking Microsoft Office
MCTS Windows server 2008 : active directory configuration : study guide
Microsoft Exchange server 2010 : administrator's pocket consultant
MCSE guide to managing a Microsoft Windows server 2003 network, enhanced
Farm machinery : selection, investment and management
Delivering sustainable buildings : an industry insider's view
Cisco internetwork troubleshooting
WordPress® in depth
Dreamweaver CS5 all-in-one for dummies
Symbolic analysis and atomistic model as a basis for a program comprehension methodology
Hypertext support for information needs of software maintainers
Survival skills for scientists
Managing maintenance resources
Machinery malfunction diagnosis and correction : vibration analysis and troubleshooting for the process industries
Development of a condition based maintenance system for W50DF engines
Encyclopedia of hotel, tourism and hospitality management in the 21st century. Vol. 1, Hotel management
Computational intelligence in reliability engineering
Linux administration handbook
