http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9046 upkeep (servicing)
upkeep (servicing)
EuroMaintenance 2014 Congress Proceedings : May 5–7, Helsinki, Finland : 22nd European Congress & Expo on Maintenance and Asset Management : 6th World Congress & Global Forum on Maintenance and Asset Management : edition 3.
As a result, a table of steel plant’s analyzers was produced in the thesis. The table will be documented and attached to the analyzers maintenance works, in order for maintenance and investment services to utilize it. Critical review of analyzers reveals for example the use of the analyzer, criticality, spare equipment and spare parts situation. Investment of new peak gas analyzer system is a clear justification, as set out in the thesis. As a means of improving condition monitoring introduces filling of calibration certificates in calibration context. At the same time improves the analyzers maintenance manuals in Arttu system. In addition, e-mail transmission of blast furnaces analyzer alarms was introduced in the thesis. Action is proposed that instead of concentrating analyzers maintenance to workshop, improves the plant's internal networking.
Euromaintenance 2002 : 3rd - 5th of June 2002, Helsinki, Finland Conference Proceedings
Operation and maintenance of large turbo generators
Roads : an anthropology of infrastructure and expertise
Cost effective maintenance : design and implementation
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 2, Topic 2: Ice and snow control methods
Human reliability, error, and human factors in engineering maintenance : with reference to aviation and power generation
"Learn all the skills you need to pass Level 3 and 4 Vehicle Diagnostic courses from IMI, City and Guilds and BTEC, as well as higher levels, ASE, AUR and other qualifications. Advanced Automotive Fault Diagnosis explains the fundamentals of vehicle systems and components and examines diagnostic principles as well as the latest techniques employed in effective vehicle maintenance and repair. Diagnostics, or fault finding, is an essential part of an automotive technician's work, and as automotive systems become increasingly complex there is a greater need for good diagnostics skills. For students new to the subject, this book will help to develop these skills, but it will also assist experienced technicians to further improve their performance and keep up with recent industry developments. - Checked and endorsed by the Institute of to him to ensure that it is ideal for both independent and tutor-based study - Diagnostics case studies to help you put the principles covered into real-life context - Useful margin features throughout, including definitions, key facts and 'safety first' considerations"--Provided by publisher.
Maintenance management - its auditing and benchmarking : in search of maintenance management excellence
Maintenance of old buildings : preservation from the technical and antiquarian standpoint
Maintworld
The Nalco guide to cooling water systems failure analysis
Training programs for maintenance organizations
Road condition management of low traffic volume roads in the northern periphery
Total guitar tutor : [the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing every guitar style]
Benchmarking best practices in maintenance management
Building surveys and reports
A reliability analysis for the grinding process
Floors & stairs
Maintenance technology
The complete idiot's guide to playing piano
Development of Maintenance Assisting Software Application for Mobile Work Machine
Simply wonderwoman : a survival guide for women with too much to do
Ford : shop manual : [FO-31]
Choosing to preserve : towards a cooperative strategy for long-term access to the intellectual heritage : papers of the international conference organized by the European Commission on Preservation and Access and Die Deutsche Bibliothek, Leipzig/Frankfurt am Main, March 29-30, 1996
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 3, Topic 3: Special winter road problems in urban areas. - Topic 4: Maintenance information and other support systems for winter road management. - Topic 5: Interaction between people, road and vehicles
Value driven maintenance : new faith in maintenance
TPM for workshop leaders
A study on repair and maintenance management of public school building in Kathmandu district (Nepal)
Practical TPM : successful equipment management at Agilent Technologies
Lonely homes
Research and development of maintenance functions : the finishing line  in the board factory
Seat Ibiza & Cordoba : [Oct 1993 to Oct 1999 (L to V registration) petrol & diesel] : service and repair manual
Refurbishment and repair in construction
Failure prevention of plant and machinery
Updated to account for ISO 55000, this third edition includes an overview of the seminal and long-awaited standard and identifies the specific points where ISO 55000 will impact maintenance and reliability. New graphics to enhance the text's main points have been added throughout. It provides a logical, step-by-step methodology that will enable any company to properly benchmark its maintenance function. It presents an overview of the benchmarking process, a detailed form for surveying and "grading" maintenance management, and a database of the results of more than 100 companies that have used this survey.
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities
Reliability technology : principles and practice of failure prevention in electronic systems
Requirement specification of a Computerised Maintenance Management System (CMMS)
Machinery failure analysis handbook : sustain your operations and maximize uptime
Benchmarking best practices in maintenance, reliability and asset management : updated for ISO 55000
Road bike maintenance
Aircraft electrical and electronic systems : principles, maintenance and operation
Maintenance manual Scandia OT340
Guitar player repair guide : how to set up, maintain and repair electrics and acoustics
Euromaintenance 2002 : 3rd - 5th June 2002, Helsinki, Finland : conference proceedings
Troubleshooting process operations
EuroMaintenance 2014 Congress Proceedings : May 5–7, Helsinki, Finland : 22nd European Congress & Expo on Maintenance and Asset Management : 6th World Congress & Global Forum on Maintenance and Asset Management : edition 4.
Process risk and reliability management : operational integrity management
Augmented Reality Based Knowledge Sharing Solutions for Field Service Personnel
Maintenance theory of reliability
Focusing on low volume roads in the Northern periphery
The complete idiot's guide to trouble-free car care
Developing a Remote Maintenance system
Cost-effective measures for diffuse load abatement in forestry
Land Rover ninety, one ten & defender : buying, enjoying, maintaining, modifying
Productivity improvements through TPM : the philosophy and application of total productive maintenance
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF MAINTENANCE FUNCTIONS : The finishing line in the board factory
Process modelling for planning and management of facilities : a re-engineering approach
Customer-oriented lifecycle
Specification of a Remote Monitoring Protocol
Handbook of reliability, availability, maintainability and safety in engineering design
Remote maintenance and development of home automation applications
Scheduling forest road maintenance using the analytic hierarchy process and heuristics
Advanced automotive fault diagnosis : automotive technology : vehicle maintenance and repair
Shipboard maintenance
Aircraft maintenance and repair
Hydraulic systems and maintenance
EuroMaintenance 2014 Congress Proceedings : May 5–7, Helsinki, Finland 22nd European Congress & Expo on Maintenance and Asset Management 6th World Congress & Global Forum on Maintenance and Asset Management edition 2.
Maintenance for industrial systems
Regulation of the Use and Protection of Public Roads
The essential boat maintenance manual
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Bicycling : a reintroduction : a visual guide to choosing, repairing, maintaining & operating a bicycle
Function blocks (FB) for process control. Part 2, Specification of FB concept
Aircraft communications and navigation systems : principles, maintenance and operation for aircraft engineers and technicians
Practical hydraulic systems : operation and troubleshooting for engineers and technicians
Uptime : strategies for excellence in maintenance management
An introduction to predictive maintenance
Principles of machine operation and maintenance
The essential housebook
Bicycling : A reintroduction - a visual guide to choosing, repairing, maintaining & operating a bicycle
Inboard engine, transmission and drive service manual : engine service, transmission service, jet service, surface drive service
Total productive maintenance : the Western way
Maintenance benchmarking and best practices : a profit- and customer-centered approach
Automotive Technology A Systems Approach
The maintenance scorecard : creating strategic advantage
Road maintenance management systems in developing countries : report
Volvo 850 : service and repair manual : models covered : all Volvo 850 models with 1984 cc, 2319 cc and 2435 cc petrol engines
The home handbook : quick and easy ways to keep your home tidy, clean and beautiful
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
How to make your electric guitar play great!
Boat cosmetics made simple : how to improve and maintain a boat's appearance
Working guide to process equipment
MAINTENANCE CONSIDERATION IN SPECIAL ELEVATOR CAR ENGINEERING AND CONCEPT DESIGN FOR FIXING OF HEAVY LOWERED CEILINGS
Aim of this thesis was to investigate the Ruukki Raahe steel plant’s installed base of continuously operated process analyzers, make a critical analysis and identify opportunities to improve condition monitoring. In addition, there was a need to regard operation and investment of the peak gas analyzer, as well as find out whether the maintenance of analyzers transfer to responsibility of centralized maintenance makes sense. The thesis was commissioned by electrical department of Ruukki workshop. The analyzers installed base and relevant information was sorted out by interviewing specialists and equipment suppliers and searching information on Arttu and Alma systems. The criticality of analyzers was defined as in case failure and operation by interviewing different professionals at the plant. Opportunities to improve condition monitoring were clarified as it stands and in the future. Opportunities and challenges of analyzers maintenance concentration was surveyed at the maintenance point of view.
Dependability management = Gestion de la sûreté de fonctionnement. Part 3-1 = Partie 3-1, Application guide = Guide d'application : Analysis techniques for dependability = Techniques d'analyse de la sûreté de fonctionnement : Guide on methodology = Guide méthodologique
Analysis of failure and maintenance experiences of motor operated valves in a Finnish nuclear power plant
Preventive maintenance
Analysis of the Puchasing Process
Functional Location Structure | Development of SAP ERP Machinery Hierarchy
Proceedings of the SIMO-RCES joint seminar on health monitoring of bridges : collaboration between VTT Finland & Yamaguchi University, Ube, Yamaguchi, Japan, at 5th(Thu) - 6th(Fri) March, 2009
Pocket mountain bike maintenance : repairs on the road
Maintenance planning and scheduling handbook
Minimizing reflection and frost heave crackings in flexible and semi-rigid road pavements
The complete do it yourself bike book
Euromaintenance 2002 : the16th International Maintenance Conference, 3-5 June 2002, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Aircraft inspection and repair : acceptable methods, techniques, and practices
Infrastructure management system : preparation of case-study : final report
Euromaintenance -88 : the 9th European Maintenance Congress and Fair, Helsinki, Finland 24-27 May 1988.
Preventive maintenance/essential care and condition monitoring
Combine harvesting : how to operate, maintain and improve the efficiency of your combine
The house book : thousands of practical tips for cleaning, repairing and organizing your home
Highways : construction, management, and maintenance
Road maintenance management : concepts and systems
RCM : gateway to world class maintenance
Asset management : the maintenance perspective
Performance standards for timber sash and case windows
Conveyor maintenance in Famifarm Oy
Accessibility Assessment of Exterior Areas in Karjaranta
Maintenance planning and scheduling : keeping the upkeep down
EuroMaintenance 2014 Congress Proceedings : May 5–7, Helsinki, Finland : 22nd European Congress & Expo on Maintenance and Asset Management : 6th World Congress & Global Forum on Maintenance and Asset Management
Implementing TPM at Metal Working Company
Refurbishment and repair accounts for approximately 50% of annual construction turnover. It is therefore essential that practitioners and those students who aspire to work in this sector are equipped with the best tools to do the job. This book has been produced to fill that gap in construction literature. The nature of refurbishment and repair is different from new build since it is necessary to work within the constraints of an existing situation. The structure may have been built to standards not recognised today. Guidance is provided to deal with such situations and how to assess the residual life of a refurbished or repaired building. It is essential for those involved in this type of work to have knowledge of the structure under consideration. Failiure to investigate the history of existing developments may add considerably to the cost of construction, and in an extreme circumstance, structural collapse and loss of life. This book proceeds logically through the reasons to consider refurbishment and repair and offers advice on risks, discovery, contracts, materials, learning from the past and legal restraints. Best practice is illustrated by a series of case studies. Extensive bibliographies have been provided to assist those with the need for further research.
Yamaha snowmobile shop manual : 1997-2002 (three-cylinder models)
Building surveys
The girls guide to DIY : how to fix things in your home without breaking your nails
Bicycle! : a repair & maintenance manifesto
Health monitoring of aerospace structures : smart sensor technologies and signal processing
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 1, Topic 1A: Winter road maintenance policies: strategy. - Topic 1B: Winter road maintenance policies: organization
Maintenance of electrical installations in buildings
The boat repair bible : a comprehensive repair guide for power and sail
Vibration Measurement for Rotatory Machines : Importance of maintenance practices
Inspection procedure for engine block after hot run
Handbook of Condition Monitoring : tecniques and methodology
Modern power station practice (Vol. G Station operation and maintenance) : incorporating modern power system practice. Vol. G, Station operation and maintenance
TPM development program : implementing total productive maintenance
Electronic troubleshooting
SAP NetWeaver® portal
TPM Reloaded : total productive maintenance
A reading guide to the preservation of library collections
Keep it running : industrial asset management
Slurry handling and pipeline transport. 12, Hydrotransport
Corrosion control in the aerospace industry
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Preventive maintenance : a practical step-by-step guide to reducing equipment operating costs and downtime and improving operating safety
Helicopter maintenance
Teach yourself guitar repair & maintenance : everything you need to know to start working on your guitar!
Energy for the 21st century, 2-3 July 1996
The handbook of maintenance management
Motor boat and yachting manual
Item-level life-cycle model for maintenance networks : from cost to additional value
Model course. 2.01, Maintenance Planning and Maintenance Execution
