http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9049 keeping in operation
keeping in operation
Profitable maintenance : 8 steps to assured production. Vol. 3, Measuring        maintenance performance
Papermaking science and technology. Book 15, Materials, corrosion prevention, and maintenance
Process problem solving : a guide for maintenance and operations teams
Developing performance indicators for managing maintenance
Benchmarking best practices in maintenance management
Process equipment malfunctions : techniques to identify and correct plant problems
Updated to account for ISO 55000, this third edition includes an overview of the seminal and long-awaited standard and identifies the specific points where ISO 55000 will impact maintenance and reliability. New graphics to enhance the text's main points have been added throughout. It provides a logical, step-by-step methodology that will enable any company to properly benchmark its maintenance function. It presents an overview of the benchmarking process, a detailed form for surveying and "grading" maintenance management, and a database of the results of more than 100 companies that have used this survey.
Maintenance technology
Complete guide to preventive and predictive maintenance
Profitable maintenance : 8 steps to assured production. Vol. 2, The economics of maintenance
User maintenance : road map to maintenance skilled operator
The aim of the thesis was to find and estimate a learning path which helps developing competence of operators who have basic technical skills. The objective of the study was to find and describe a learning path in the process industry environment so that their competence in maintenance could be developed systematically. This thesis was carried out by a qualitative method and included interviews, literature, researches, journals and articles etc. The interviews were implemented to different groups of personnel who were responsible for the production in three different process lines, in the spring of 2014. 18 employees took part in the interviews. The data were analysed by qualitative methods based on the researcher experience. According to the results, the operators had some competence doing small repair work and help in failure situations. The competence of reporting faults and using right channels for reporting needed improvement. According to the results, the operators needed mostly education to use the SAP-system, reporting the observed deviations and comprehend the purpose of other reporting channels. Also study, how to get skilled operators in five different areas. These were reporting, observation, documentation, failure elimination and safety. As a result of the study, a so called road map was found for a skilled operator which included steps to help managers to improve operator’s knowledge in maintenance activities.
Organisational values in the framework of critical incidents : what accounts for values-based solutions?
Maintenance planning and scheduling : streamline your organization for a lean environment
Reliability, maintainability and risk : practical methods for engineers
Benchmarking best practices in maintenance, reliability and asset management : updated for ISO 55000
Maximize Your Plant Maintenance with SAP
Keep it running : industrial asset management
