http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9042 interpersonal relations
interpersonal relations
How to create chemistry with anyone : spark it fast
Researching interpersonal relationships : qualitative methods, studies, and analysis
Never eat alone : and other secrets to success, one relationship at a time
How to instantly connect with anyone : 96 all-new little tricks for big success in relationships
Talk like a winner! : 21 simple rules for achieving everyday communication success
Literary rivals : feuds and antagonisms in the world of books
Work with me
The development of industrial buyer-seller relationships in a Chinese context
Robbie & Gary : it's complicated : the unauthorized biography
Richard Wagner and the jews
The multi-protagonist film
What predicts interpersonal problem-solving : influences of gender identity and response style on interpersonal problem-solving
Eisenhower's armies : the American-British alliance during World War II
Love as a way of life : seven keys to transforming every aspect of your life
Creating WE : change I-thinking to we-thinking build a healthy, thriving organization
Focus on intergenerational relations across time and place
Son of a gun : a memoir
Novelists, poets, and playwrights live double lives. When they fall out with each other they seem to do so with great passion. This highly entertaining book looks at some of the most complex friendships and enmities in literary history and examines the dramatic effects on literature itself.
Infamous
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Person perception and interpersonal behavior
Encounters with loneliness : only the lonely
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Nurse and patient : an ethical consideration of human relations
The meaning of others : narrative studies of relationships
Jane Austen : her life, her times, her novels
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Small big : small changes that spark big influence
Gathering leading thinkers in social and clinical psychology, public health, medicine, and sociology, Interpersonal Relationships and Health considers theoretical and empirical issues relevant to understanding the social and clinical psychological mechanisms linking close relationship processes with mental and physical health outcomes.
Wired to care : how companies prosper when they create widespread empathy
Up your service! : insights : true stories of winners and losers in the quest for superior service
Toughest people to love : how to understand, lead, and love the difficult people in your life - including yourself
The psychology of friendship
The role of social capital and national culture in explaining knowledge sharing behavior in a MNC
The invisible organization : how informal networks can lead organizational change
Human to human: H2H : there is no B2B and B2C
Readings in human relations
"In Melville in Love Pulitzer Prize-finalist Michael Shelden sheds light on this literary mystery to tell a story of Melville's passionate, obsessive, and clandestine affair with a married woman named Sarah Morewood, whose libertine impulses encouraged and sustained Melville's own. In his research, Shelden discovered unexplored documents suggesting that, in their shared resistance to the "iron rule" of social conformity, Sarah and Melville had forged an illicit and enduring romantic and intellectual bond. Emboldened by the thrill of courting Sarah in secret, the pleasure of falling in love, and the excitement of spending time with literary luminaries--like Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes and Nathaniel Hawthorne--Melville found the courage to take the leap from light works of adventure to the hugely brilliant, utterly subversive Moby-Dick."--Jacket flap.
Business relationships development in South East Asia
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Mentoring : how to develop successful mentor behaviors
Managing people for the first time : gaining commitment and improving performance
Introduction to conflict management : improving performance using the TKI
Kafka's social discourse : an aesthetic search for community
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Human relations for career and personal success
Interpersonal relations and social patterns in communication technologies : discourse norms, language structures and cultural variables
People and the hotel and catering industry
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Leap year : how to make big decisions, be more resilient and change your life for good
Effective Personal Communication Skills for Public Relations
The rules of love : a personal code for happier, more fulfilling relationships
Everyday troubles : the micro-politics of interpersonal conflict
Engaging with parents in early years settings
Human nature : a guide to managing workplace relations
Immigrant's relations with the police in Finland : a Lamarckism or a self-induced exercise?
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Interpersonal relationships in education : from theory to practice
Managing conflict at work : understanding and resolving conflict for productive working relationships
Give and take : a revolutionary approach to success
Headmaster-teacher relationship in leading school
Communicating forgiveness
The fame game
Friends : Interdisciplinary Speculations on a Social Artefact
The psychology of interpersonal relations
Problematic relationships in the workplace. Vol. 2
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Love and limerence : the experience of being in love
" Aryanisation"  in Hamburg : the economic exclusion of Jews and the confiscation of their property in Nazi Germany
Representations of power in Roald Dahl's Matilda
Social capital and knowledge sharing in global virtual teams
Human resource management in organisations : the theory and practice of high performance
The unspoken way = Haragei : silence in Japanese business and society
Talking about care : two sides to the story
Me before you
Beethoven and his nephew : a psychoanalytic study of their relationship
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Looking for Alaska
Reframing change : how to deal with workplace dynamics, influence others, and bring people together to initiate positive change
Leadership as emotional labour : management and the "managed heart"
Lion taming : the art of working with leaders, bosses and other tough customers
No single thread : psychological health in family systems
The stylist
Promotion of social awareness : powerful lessons from the partnership of developmental theory and classroom practice
Homophily as a driver in the creation of interpersonal relationships and knowledge sharing
Comparison of male friendships in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet and Hamlet
Interactive behaviour at work
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
A primatologist examines unspoken social customs, from jilting a lover to being competitive on the job, to explain how behavioral complexities are linked to humans' primate heritage.
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
Managing relationships : making a life while making a living
Reframing the leadership landscape : creating a culture of collaboration
In flight with the eagle: a guide to Napoleon̕ s elite
Six myths about migrant remittances and the global economic crisis
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Individuals, groups, and organizations beneath the surface : an introduction
Subject to ourselves : social theory, psychoanalysis and postmodernity
Melville in love : the secret life of Herman Melville and the muse of Moby-Dick
It's not all about "me" : the top ten techniques for building quick rapport with anyone
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Explores the basics of how people "tick," encouraging leaders to examine and take care of themselves so that they can better understand and care for others. Based on DeGroat's wealth of experience as a pastor, professor, and therapist, this book -- both wise and practical -- is one that countless leaders will go back to time and again for valuable insights and renewed vision. --Publisher's description.
Narcissism and Friendship Quality in Adolescence
Brilliant networking : what the best networkers know do and say
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
Mean girls at work: how to stay professional when things get personal
Organizational stress : studies in role conflict and ambiguity
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
Video enhanced reflective practice : professional development through attuned interaction
How to deal with difficult people : smart tactics for overcoming the problem people in your life
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
Up your service!: insights : true stories of winners and losers in the quest for superior service
Personality style at work : the secret to working with (almost) anyone
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Positive and Negative Effects of Friendship at the Workplace
Relationship-based research in social work : understanding practice-near research
Man and organization : three problems in human relations in industry
No one understands you and what to do about it
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Surviving Hitler's war : family life in Germany, 1939-48
Interpersonal relationships and health : social and clinical psychological mechanisms
Sugar and spice
Interpersonal communication : everyday encounters
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
There was fear that the global economic crisis would interrupt the flow of remittances to developing countries, force migrants to return to their sending households and endanger the economic health of sending nations. However, anxiety over the collapse of remittances was largely unfounded. While there was a small decline in remittance flows globally in 2009, in general, they did not fall as far or as quickly as other forms of assistance and they have begun to recover. In this paper we examine a series of myths that colour the remittance debate. Debunking the myths that surround remittances allows us to show the complex role remittances play for migrants, their sending households and communities as developing nations cope with the global economic crisis..
This book provides interdisciplinary perspectives utilizing a variety of research methods to uncover the fundamental components of computer-mediated communication (i.e., language, interpersonal relations/communication and information technology) which will be discussed in the following section.
HBR guide to managing up and across
In Reframing the Leadership Landscape, Dr Roger Hayes and Dr Reginald Watts argue that the interconnected and interdependent world requires leaders to adopt a more holistic and inclusive approach.The NEW normal must be navigated, negotiated, networked and a narrative built around it. Aggressive individualism is no longer a sustainable basis for companies needing to deliver social and economic value, now, enterprises must move beyond narrow self-interest and short-termism to balance stakeholder expectations.The tool kit is here, ready to be unpacked. The only question is whether aspirant leader.
Social media and personal relationships : online intimacies and networked friendship
What my mother gave me : thirty-one women on the gifts that mattered most
Least among saints
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
The anthropology of friendship
Managing intensity and play at work : transient relationships
"While most people recognize networking as a critically important skill, many find it difficult, boring or fear inducing sometimes even all three. However, mastering the right techniques can pay off and help people thrive in today's networked business world. Effective networking means tapping into a team of likeminded business people willing to help each other achieve their goals. The Complete Guide to Professional Networking demonstrates how to use networking in person and online together successfully for powerful results. The techniques and suggested strategies in this book are backed up by interviews with some of the world's most successful networking experts. This book is accompanied by a website with videos of these experts, as well as their cartoon caricatures throughout the book"--
The power of networking : the power of using your contacts to advance your career
Worst. Person. Ever
Working with the enemy : how to survive and thrive with really difficult people
"Have you ever had the feeling that you're just not getting through to the person you're talking with, or coming across the way you intend to? You're not alone. Our usual approach is to just talk louder, to try harder to get our message through. This is almost always the wrong approach. Why? Because other people almost never see us the way we see ourselves. Fortunately, these distortions in perception are systematic, understandable, and surmountable. Heidi Grant Halvorson, bestselling author of Nine Things Successful People Do Differently and Focus, now shows you how to communicate effectively-despite these unintentional (yet widespread) distortions of perception. By better understanding how communication and perception really work, you'll learn to send the right signals at the right time, no matter who you're communicating with"--
Human conflict : disagreement, misunderstanding, and problematic talk
"Networking is a skill that many people recognize as critically important, but which many find difficult, boring or fear-inducing - or even all three. Yet if you master the techniques that really work, networking can pay dividends. Effective networking means tapping into a team of like-minded business people willing to help each other achieve their goals. If you build, grow and nurture your business networks, you will become known for your expertise and will be better placed to win the new client, business or job when it really matters. You can network successfully in person or online and The Complete Guide to Professional Networking shows you how to use both together for the most powerful results. The techniques and suggested strategies in this book are backed up by video interviews with some of the world's most successful networking experts"--
Just kidding : using humor effectively
This book treats seriously one of the fundamental trends characterizing contemporary institutions--namely, the inability to establish a ground from which purpose and direction can be defined. It questions the core trope of "permanent change" and exposes its emptiness in a thorough and considered manner which enriches the way we question organizational orders. Bogdan Costea, Lancaster University, UK What does it mean to organize when the only established premise is that everything is transient? How is it possible for an organization to manage expectations based on the expectation of the unexpected? In this thought-provoking book Niels Åkerstrøm Andersen uses a unique combination of deconstruction, systems theory and discourse theory to critically discuss topics such as the management of feelings, partnerships as second order promises, and worklife-balance as an immune defense against over-socialized employees. He assesses the parallels between layoffs in intimate organizations and modern professional divorce discourses, and explores the dichotomy of double-bounded management commanding both do as I say and be autonomous. In so doing, Professor Andersen encourages the reader to look at relationships in the workplace in new ways. This unique book will prove invaluable for academics and students of human resource management, organizational behavior and critical management studies.
Games primates play : an undercover investigation of the evolution and economics of human relationships
How to make people like you in 90 seconds or less
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
Social commitments in a depersonalized world
Employment relations : fairness & trust in the workplace
"This book presents a functional taxonomy to see, understand, and manipulate the roots of life's conflicts. You will have the background, the principles, and a collection of tricks to manage and ideally avoid dangerous conflicts. You may not realize that your reactions to conflict are subconscious, scripted, and for the good of the group. Once recognized, you can take actions that will reduce your being caught up in conflicts."--Publisher.
Psyche's sisters : reimagining the meaning of sisterhood
Relationship-based research is founded on the idea that human relationships are of paramount importance and should be central to social work research and practice. Drawing on psychodynamic and systemic understandings of research and practice, this book offers practitioners and academics an insight into what constitutes relationship-based approaches to research. These ideas are brought to life by illustrative case studies of research projects carried out in England and Finland, where the concept originated. The authors clearly demonstrate how this approach can be applied across the social work sector and provide a model for practice.
The legacy family : the definitive guide to creating a successful multigenerational family
Charles Dickens and his circle
The complete guide to professional networking : the secrets of online and offline success
How to create chemistry with anyone : 75 ways to spark it fast and make it last
Effective personal communication skills for public relations
Understanding and minimizing problematic relationships in the workplace are goals shared by those who work in and lead organizations as well as those who study organizations. This volume explores troublesome behaviors and patterns that shape relationships (e.g., hostility, bullying, incivility, and ostracism), presents insights gained from in-depth work on contexts and frameworks (e.g., telework, bureaucracies, cultural dimensions, and tokenism from a feminist perspective), and addresses the potential to restore these relationships to greater wellbeing (e.g., resilience, positive communication, civility, and forgiveness). Written by leading experts on problematic relationships in the workplace, this volume combines scholarship with applications that will be valuable in any organization. The new contributions in this second volume of "Problematic Relationships in the Workplace" extend the first volume's work by exploring cutting-edge and emerging issues in the field.
Mean girls at work : how to stay professional when things get personal
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
There are many services for children and many different settings in which care and education can take place. Whether you work in children's centres, outreach and dual-focused services, preschools, kindergartens or schools this book will help you develop the skills and strategies to work alongside parents whatever your role. Focussing on: The importance of involving parents The nature of learning How to engage and build relationships with parents How to reflect on and develop shared learning environment in settings Transitions and attachment This book has examples taken from real settings and practical advice to help you put the ideas into practice. Reading and using it will help ensure the wellbeing and development of all children in your care.
Conflict communication : a new paradigm in conscious communication
Power and inequality in interpersonal relations
Being relational : reflections on relational theory and health law and policy
