http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p904 fish fauna
fish fauna ichtyofauna
Pohjois-Päijänteen velvoitetarkkailu v. 1975 = The limnological studies of Northern Päijänne 1975
Sustainable use, management and monitoring of fish resources in Lake Ladoga
Young-of-the-year fish species composition in small coastal bays in the northern Baltic Sea, surveyed with beach seine and small underwater detonations
Evaluation of the state of the Icelandic and north Icelandic cod and haddock stocks based on the groundfish survery carried out in 1985-2010
Inland and coastal waters of Finland
Keys to the freshwater fish of Britain and Ireland, with notes on their distribution and ecology
The ecological succession and characteristics in small Finnish polyhumic reservoirs
Climatic variations and some examples of their effects on the marine ecology of Icelandic and Greenland waters, in particular during the present century and Interactions between capelin (Mallotus villosus) and other species and the significance of such interactions for the management and harvesting of marine ecosystems in the northern North Atlantic
Kalatalous tilastoina : 2008 = Finnish fisheries statistics
The fish fauna and limnology of large oligotrophic glacial lakes in Europe (about 1800 A.D.)
Coastal fish monitoring in northern Baltic Proper : establishment of reference areas
Sustainable use of renewable natural resources : from principles to practices
Lake Vesijärvi : daughter of the Salpausselkä ridges
Revision of the western Atlantic clingfishes of the genus Tomicodon (Gobiesocidae), with descriptions of five new species
The Marine Research Institute (MRI) has annually gathered information on fish stocks in Icelandic waters since spring 1985. These researches have been carried out by bottom trawls. Since 1996 the bottom trawling has been carried out also in autumn. The purpose of this research has been to gather information on the development of fish stocks as well as the distribution of their length, weight and age. The main focus in this thesis lies on cod (Gadus morhua). While observing the Icelandic fishing industry, the importance of cod is greater than other species. This thesis focuses on the data gathered by bottom trawls between spring 1985 and autumn 2010. The species included to this thesis are cod and haddock (Melangrammus aeglefinus). The results base largely on the average lengths and weights and how these two vary between different age groups. The average lengths have increased slightly in 21st century for both cod and haddock. In the spring survey carried out in 1985-2010 the average length for cod was 40-50 cm while in the autumn survey carried out 1996-2010 the average length had risen to 50-60 cm. In the spring survey the average length for haddock was 30-40 cm while in the autumn survey the average length had risen to 35-45 cm. Also the average weights have increased during the survey for both cod and haddock. However, the amounts for total catches have not shown any remarkable recovery. While trying to preserve sustainable fish stocks, creating new and more precise catching methods have an important role. This reduces the amount of bycatches and would also help the regulation of fish stocks.
Sedimentary zooplankton remains as indicators of lake ecological quality and trophic structure
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Ecological state of the Kola River, Northwestern Russia : The Kola Water Quality -project
Fish species in Finland
Resource and environmental issues relevant to mediterranean fisheries management
Ryby presnyh vod Gruzii : atlas = Atlas of the freshwater fish of Georgia
Lake Lappajärvi : better watercourses with co-operation!
An atlas of Michigan fishes with keys and illustrations for their identification
Proceedings of the Fourth International Lake Ladoga Symposium 2002
Conservation of Atlantic salmon by supplementary stocking of juvenile fish
Fishes of Estonia
State of hellenic fisheries
