http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9041 peace movement
peace movement
Alternatives to anarchy : American supranationalism since World War II
The third generation world organization
A transnational training project : in techniques of mediation and negotiation, international control of violence, conflict and peaceful change roles, peace, conflict and development theory, for those preparing for professional responsabilities related to peace in governmental service, in private organisations, in teaching and research, in the communications media
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
The pacifist option : the moral argument against war in Eastern Orthodox theology
The Peace Palace : residence for justice - domicile of learning
Even in places of deadly national enmity, some very ordinary people are routinely doing peace. In this highly original study, Cynthia Cockburn deepens our understanding of the processes sustaining conflict in Northern Ireland, Israel/Palestine and Bosnia/Hercegovina by means of a close involvement with three remarkable women's projects that have chosen co-operation. How, she asks, do they fill the dangerous space between them with words instead of bullets? How do they make democracy out of difference? The book brings fresh insight to theories of the self in relation to collective identities and of gender in nationalist thought and practice. Observing in words and photographs how these women's alliances create a safe space in which to work together, we learn more about the dangers of essentialism and the problematic relationship between identity and democracy.
Paulie Pastrami archieves world peace
European polyphony : perspectives beyond East-West confrontation
Peacemaking in a troubled world
Pacifism and the just war : a study in applied philosophy
The role and record of the International Court of Justice
World Parliament of the Peoples for Peace, Sofia, Sep. 23-27, 1980
Arthur Ponsonby : the politics of life
The philosophy of peace
International Symposia on Science for Peace : first symposium: 11 December 1995, second symposium: 20-23 January 1997
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
Tranquillitas ordinis : the present failure and future promise of American Catholic thought on war and peace
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
The international peace movement 1815-1874
European polyphony : perspectives beyond east-west confrontation
Feminist perspectives on peace and peace education
END.LUND : a pamphlet about computer networking in the peace movement based on conributions from end.lund, a meeting in GreenNet March - June 1988
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Peace... : back by popular demand
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 2, Building just and inclusive communities
The world since 1945 : a concise history
Unesco Conference on Intercultural Education : 15-18 June 2003 Jyväskylä, Finland : teaching and learning for intercultural understanding, human rights and a culture of peace : programme  and abstracts
Just or unjust war? : international law and unilateral use of armed force by states at the turn of the 20th century
Witness of the Berrigans
100 years of peace making : a history of the International Peace Bureau and other international peace movement organisations and networks
Pugwash tänään : kansainvälinen Pugwash-liike 1980-luvulla = Pugwash today : international Pugwash-movement at the eighties
Satyagraha : [non-violent resistance]
Time: now! : peace through faith in widest freedom : the political ideas of Salvador de Madariaga.... : his efforts to educate, lead and "save" mankind
Rousseau on international relations
Peace : meanings, politics, strategies
Marcha mundial por la paz y la no-violenza = The world march for peace & nonviolence
Defending civil resistance under international law
The bishops and nuclear weapons : the Catholic pastoral letter on war and peace
Foundations of peace and freedom : the ecology of a peaceful world
Administrative politics in British government
Prospects for theology in peacebuilding : a theological analysis of the just peace concept in the textual process towards an international ecumenial peace declaration, World Council of Churches 2008-2011
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
I choose peace
From the word to the church : bases of order and power in early Christianity
Islam on love and non-violence
Waging nonviolent struggle : 20th century practice and 21st century potential
Report of the 4th International Congress of antimilitarist ministers and clergymen, Edinburgh, June 29 - July 1, 1937
Unesco Conference on Intercultural Education : 15-18 June 2003 Jyväskylä, Finland : conference proceedings
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
World encyclopedia of peace : vol. 1-4
Non-violence in peace & war
Hindu visions of global peace
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 3, Treaties ; Chronology of the Peace Movement ; Nobel Peace Prize Laureates
Education for international understanding, co-operation and peace and education relating to human rights and fundamental freedoms through the teaching of ethical and humanistic values
Studies in the history of European peace ideas
In search of peace : first Iberoamerican Conference on Peace and the Treatment of Conflicts, CIAPTC-1
Christians as peace makers : peace movements in Europe and the USA
European psychologists for peace : proceedings of the Congress of European Psychologists for Peace, Helsinki, August 8-10, 1986.
Give me water : testimonies of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Revolution against war
Dialogue among civilizations : a pradigm for peace
War and socialism
Peaceful changes in world politics
Searching for peace : the road to TRANSCEND
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 1, Resistance and reconciliation in regions of violence
A road to world peace
Peace : writings and speeches of the Nobel Peace Prize winner, 1971
Policies for common security
He came preaching peace : Bible lectures on peacemaking
Grenville Clark : public citizen
Nature, art, peace : Rabindranath Tagore's and Kitarō Nishida's philosophical contributions to universal culture of peace
Peace and development in the Pacific hemisphere
Peace museums: for peace education?
A leadership for peace : how Edwin Ginn tried to change the world
A just peace through transformation : cultural, economic, and political foundations for change : proceedings of the International Peace Research Association eleventh General Conference
Nonviolence and Israel/Palestine
The abolition of war : the "peace movement" in Britain, 1914-1919
The Quest for peace : transcending collective violence and war among societies, cultures, and states
Nonviolence : the history of a dangerous idea
The essence of security : reflections in office
The United Nations and peacekeeping : results, limitations and prospects
Peace, integration & human rights
Peacemaking in the Renaissance
Winning without war
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 4, [Peace institutes and organizations ; Bibliography ; Journals ; Indexes]
Customary international law and treaties : a study of their interactions and interrelations with special consideration of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties
The glorious art of peace : from the Iliad to Iraq
Politics among nations : the struggle for power and peace
Rebels against war : the American peace movement, 1941-1960
Summary (s. 37-41).
Ecology : a theological response
Images of women in peace and war : cross-cultural and historical perspectives
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Perpetual peace : essays on Kant's cosmopolitan ideal
A theory of peace : building direct structural cultural peace
Information bulletin
Women and peace : theoretical, historical and practical perspectives
The master strategist : power, purpose and principle
Peace through tourism
Most dangerous women : feminist peace campaigners of the Great War
War, peace, survival : global politics and conceptual synthesis
The ambivalent role of religions in contemporary conflicts has generated an increased call for faithbased peacebuilding endeavours. This study brings light to the way theology can provide essential resources for such peacebuilding pursuits. The prospects for theology in peacebuilding are explored in view of a recent faith-based endeavour for peace: the textual process towards an international ecumenical declaration on just peace. The exploration, involving a constructive theological analysis, considers the theological development of the just peace concept from the perspectives of theological ethics, biblical interpretation, spirituality, and ecumenical vision. On the basis of this analysis, the dissertation maps out possible theological resources for peacebuilding in our time.
Back from the brink : the creation of a nuclear-free New Zealand
Education for a culture of peace in a gender perspective
Sammanfattning (summary in swedish)
Has man a future?
Women in peace politics
The space between us : negotiating gender and national identities in conflict
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Peace and education
Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. : the power of nonviolent action
Nonviolence  : the history of a dangerous idea
Peace education in catholic schools : a report on the NCEA peace studies survey of catholic high schools and a plan for initiating and/or developing a peace studies program
Peace is the way : a guide to pacifist views and actions
The general's son : journey of an Israeli in Palestine
Searching for peace : the road to transcend
Rebels against war : the American peace movement, 1933-1983
Peace work for the next millenium
From warism to pacifism : A moral continuum
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 2, [Articles N-Z]
