http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9055 religious holidays
religious holidays
Athenian myths and festivals : Aglauros, Erechtheus, Plynteria, Panathenaia, Dionysia
The impact of Yom Kippur on Early Christianity : the day of atonement from Second Temple Judaism to the fifth century
Translators and their readers : in hommage to Eugene A. Nida
Folklore of Tamil Nadu
Christians in Egypt : Orthodox, Catholic, and Protestant communities, past and present
"Being religious and living through the eyes" : studies in religious iconography and iconology : a celebratory publication in honour of Jan Bergman, Faculty of Theology, Uppsala University, published on the occasion of his 65th birthday, June 2, 1998
Rituals in an unstable world : contingency, hybridity, embodiment
Revelry, Rivalry, and Longing for the Goddesses of Bengal : the fortunes of Hindu festivals
The Christians of Kerala : history, belief and ritual among the Yakoba
The book of Hindu festivals and ceremonies
Judaic ceremonial objects in Romania
From revelation to canon : studies in the Hebrew Bible and second temple literature
Celebrate Christmas
Mooncakes and hungry ghosts : festivals of China
Playing host to deity : festival religion in the South Indian tradition
Celebrate Ramadan and Eid al-Fitr
Sacred folly : a new history of the Feast of Fools
Nine worlds of seid-magic : Ecstacy and neo-paganism in North European paganism
Viking ale : studies on folklore contacts between the Northern and the Western worlds : presented to the author on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Arts and crafts of Mexico
The ways in which Hanukkah was reshaped by American Jews reveals the changing goals and values that emerged among different contingents each December as they confronted the reality of living as a religious minority in the United States. Bringing together clergy and laity, artists and businessmen, teachers, parents, and children, Hanukkah has been a dynamic force for both stability and change in American Jewish life. The holiday's distinctive transformation from a minor festival to a major occasion that looms large in the American Jewish psyche is a marker of American Jewish life. Drawing on a varied archive of songs, plays, liturgy, sermons, and a range of illustrative material, as well as developing portraits of various communities, congregations, and rabbis, "Hanukkah in America" reveals how an almost forgotten festival became the most visible of American Jewish holidays.
Ethnographical studies : published on the occasion of the centenary of the Ethnographical Department, National Museum
Skulls to the living, bread to the dead : [the Day of the Dead in Mexico and beyond]
The appointed festivals of YHWH : the festival calendar in Leviticus 23 and the sukkot festival in other biblical texts
Headmasters' conceptions of school festival traditions
The play of the gods : locality, ideology, structure, and time in the festivals of a Bengali town
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
Dates and meanings of religious and other festivals : with a calendar for 1997-2000
World party : the rough guide to the world's best festivals
Alone of all her sex : the myth and cult of the Virgin Mary
Wicca for life : the way of the craft - from birth to Summerland
Old order Amish : their enduring way of life
Festivals in world religions
Religion as a human capacity : a festschrift in honor of E. Thomas Lawson
Moving out from a particular problem about a particular Athenian festival, the late Christiane Sourvinou-Inwood investigates central questions concerning Athenian festivals and the myths that underlay them. She studies the role played at festivals by hereditary religious associations, showing how simple actions of undressing, veiling, bathing, and re-dressing a statue created a symbolic drama of abnormality, reversion to primeval time, and renewal for the Athenians. Sourvinou-Inwood also offers a reading of the ever controversial Parthenon frieze. Her book, brought to completion by Robert Parker, displays all the attention to detail and the concern for methodological rigour that have made her an iconic figure among students of Greek religion.
Patrons, devotees and goddesses : ritual and power among the Tamil fisherman of Sri Lanka
Grenada : Creole and Yoruba voices
Chinese temple festivals
Carnival and other Christian festivals : folk theology and folk performance
Sacred places of a lifetime : 500 of the world's most peaceful and powerful destinations
Karunamaya : the cult of Avalokitesvara-Matsyendranath in the valley of Nepal
Engi-shiki : procedures of the Engi era. Books 1-5
́Siva in trouble : festivals and rituals at the Pa ́supathinãtha Temple of Deopatan (Nepal)
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
Holidays of the Bulgarians in myths and legends
Hanukkah in America : a history
The major feasts of the Orthodox Church
The politics of national celebrations in the Arab Middle East
The Day of Atonement : its interpretations in early Jewish and Christian traditions
The Brahmans, theists and Muslims of India : studies of goddess-worship in Bengal, caste, Brahmaism and social reform, with descriptive sketches of curious festivals, ceremonies, and faquirs
The virgin and the dead : the Virgin of Guadalupe and the Day of the Dead in the construction of Mexican identities
Farewell to fiestas and saints? : changing catholic practices in contemporary rural Oaxaca
Redeeming time : the wisdom of ancient Jewish and Christian festal calendars
Dates and meanings of religious and other multi-ethnic festivals 2002-2005
Religious festivals and caste system in India during 19th century
Identities in practice : a trans-Atlantic ethnography of Sikh immigrants in Finland and in California
Folk groups and folklore genres : a reader
Icon to cartoon : a tribute to Sixten Ringbom
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
Sacred festivals
A comprehensive, authoritative source of information about the calendars and holidays of the world's religions. It also provides concise information about the beliefs, practices, and history of more than 20 major religions.
(un)Fashion
South Asian festivals on the move
The origins of feasts, fasts, and seasons in early Christianity
Culture, kin, and cognition in Oceania : essays in honor of Ward H. Goodenough
Night of the gods : Durgā pūjā and the legitimation of power in rural Bengal
Secularization, rationalism and sectarianism : essays in honour of Bryan R. Wilson
Religious festivals in South India and Sri Lanka
Vegan for the holidays : celebration feasts for Thanksgiving through New Year's Day
The symbolism of Hindu gods and rituals
Festivals and plays in late medieval Britain
Religion and film : an introduction
This unique study of the cult of the Virgin Mary offers a way of thinking about the interrelations of Catholicism and ideas of ideal femininity over the longue duree. An ambitious history of the changing symbolism of the Mother of God, Alone of All Her Sex holds up to the light different emphases occurring at different times, and highlights that the apparent archetype of a magna mater is constantly in play with social and historical conditions and values. Marina Warner's interesting perspective was forged in the aftermath of significant postwar developments in history, anthropology, and feminism and the book inspired fierce debates when it was first published in 1976. Alone of All Her Sex is also an emotive, personal statement, arising from Warner's own upbringing as a Catholic. It picks up on classic accounts such as Mary MacCarthy's Memoirs of a Catholic Girlhood and Antonia White's Frost in May, as well as the author's own experiences at a Catholic boarding school. Highly controversial in conservative quarters, the book's arguments were welcomed and recognised by many readers who shared Warner's experiences. In this new edition, Marina Warner has written a new preface which reviews the book in the light of the current debate about secularism, faith, nations, and social identities. She takes issue with her original mistaken conclusion that the modern age would see the cult of Mary fade away and revises it in the light of recent popes' enthusiasm for the Mother of God, a fresh wave of visions and revelations, a new generation of female saints, and the reorientation of theological approaches to the woman question.
The treasury of judaism : a new collection and translation of essential texts. Vol. 1, The Calendar
Fairs and festivals in rural India : a geospatial study of belief systems
Religious holidays and calendars : an encyclopedic handbook
The festival of Pīrs : popular Islam and shared devotion in South India
Reformation celebrations in Finland
A practical guide to alternative weddings
Fasts and festivals of India
Traditions of the rabbis from the era of the New Testament. Vol. 2A, Feasts and Sabbaths : Passover and atonement
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 2, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
The festivals of Nepal
Temple festival calendars of ancient Egypt
Annually during the months of autumn, Bengal hosts three interlinked festivals to honour its most important goddesses: Durgā, Kālī, and Jagaddhātrī. This book recounts the history of these festivals and their revelry, rivalry, and nostalgic power.
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part VII, vol. I, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Ceremonies of the Lhasa year
What do you believe?
