http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9058 music theatre
music theatre
Musical Theatre Song is a handbook for musical theatre performers, providing them with the wide-ranging skill set they need for success in today's competitive musical theatre environment. Breaking down the process into knowing how to select your song material based upon your individuality and how to prepare and perform it in a manner that best highlights your attributes, Stephen Purdy provides a succinct and personalized trajectory toward presentation, taking the reader through a series of challenges that is designed to evoke original, personal and vibrant song performances. Written by renowned Broadway and West End vocal and audition coach Stephen Purdy, Musical Theatre Song is a must-have guide for all performers who are looking to succeed in the musical theatre industry.
Aspects of musical theater training : a study of practices in Finland and in the UK
Musical theatre training : the Broadway Theatre Project handbook
Operetta : a theatrical history
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 34 songs from stage & film. Volume 2, Soprano / edited and compiled by John L. Haag and Jeremy Mann
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 32 songs from stage & film. Volume 2, Baritone/Bass
On Singing Onstage. Class One, Lectures with David Craig
The Singer's musical theatre anthology : soprano : accompaniment CDs. volume 2, a collection of songs from the musical stage, categorized by voice type : the selections are presented in their authentic settings, excerpted from the original vocal scores
The Cambridge companion to Gilbert and Sullivan
Musical theatre, realism and entertainment
A chronology of American musical theater. Vol. 3, 1952-2001
On Singing Onstage. Class Four, Process / The Ballad with David Craig
Acting through song : techniques and exercises for musical-theatre actors
Jerome Kern : his life and music
And the ass saw the angel
Popular musical theatre in London and Berlin
The megamusical
So You Want to Sing Music Theater covers a vast array of topics. It includes a brief history of music theater; the basics of vocal science and anatomy; information on vocal and bodily health and maintenance, from diet to exercise to healing techniques; advice on teaching music theater to others, with focuses on breath, posture, registers, range, and tone quality; repertoire recommendations for voice and singing types, from female and male belting to classical and contemporary styles; a survey of music theater styles, such as folk, country, rock, gospel, rhythm and blues, jazz, and pop; insights on working with other music theater stakeholder, from singing teacher, vocal coach and accompanist, to acting teacher, director, dance instructor, composer, and music director; and finally sage advice on working with and without amplification or microphones, auditioning tips, and casting challenges.
Actor-musicianship is a permanent feature of the musical theatre landscape. Actor-musician shows can be seen from Bradford to Broadway, from village halls to international arena tours. However, with the exception of a couple of academic papers, there has been nothing written about this fascinating area of theatre practice. Jeremy Harrison's book addresses this deficit, operating as both a record of the development of the actor-musician movement and as a practical guide for students, educators, performers and practitioners. It explores the history of actor-musicianship, examining its origins, as well as investigating – and offering guidance on – how this specialist form of music theatre is created.
On Singing Onstage. Class Six, Performance / Q & A with David Craig
The great tradition and its legacy : the evolution of dramatic and musical theater in Austria and Central Europe
The queer encyclopedia of music, dance, & musical theater
The empty voice : acting opera
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
The Sound of music companion
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from stage & film. Volume 2, Tenor / edited and compiled by John L. Haag and Jeremy Mann
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from the Broadway stage. Volume 1, Soprano
Music, theatre and politics in Germany : 1848 to the Third Reich
Beginning Musical Theatre Dance introduces students to basic musical theatre dance techniques from a variety of genres, forms, and styles and explains how to put them into practice for performance on stage. Part of Human Kinetics' Interactive Dance Series, the text and web resource offer students what they need to know about auditions, rehearsals, performing, and caring for themselves so they can have a successful experience in a musical theatre dance course. Designed for students enrolled in introductory musical theatre dance courses, the text contains photos and descriptions of basic warm-up exercises, center work, steps from a variety of dance genres used in musical theatre dance, partnering, and lifts. For those new to dance, the text provides an orientation to the structure of a musical theatre dance class and includes information on meeting class expectations, dressing appropriately, preparing mentally and physically, maintaining proper nutrition and hydration, and avoiding injury.
Sing out, Louise! : 150 Broadway musical stars remember 50 years
The singer's musical theatre anthology : mezzo-sopraano/belter. Volume 2
The theater will rock : a history of the rock musical : from Hair to Hedwig
Music has played a vital part in drama since the earliest days of theatre. For composers, writing music for the stage is an opportunity to exercise their utmost creativity and versatility: a good musical score will both support and enhance the play it serves, and can lift a prosaic moment into something quite extraordinary. In this book, Michael Bruce takes you through the entire process - from initial preparation, through composition, rehearsals and recording, and finally to performance. He covers everything a composer needs to know. An essential companion for all composers - amateur, student or professional - Writing Music for the Stage is also invaluable reading for other theatre professionals, including directors, playwrights, producers, actors, designers and sound designers.
The sound of their music : the story of Rodgers & Hammerstein
Auditioning for the musical theatre
Beginning musical theatre dance
Writing music for the stage : a practical guide for theatremakers
Producing musicals : a practical guide
How musicals work : and how to write your own
The singing and acting handbook : games and exercises for the performer
The Blackwell guide to the musical theatre on record
A history of the Takarazuka Revue since 1914 : modernity, girls' culture, Japan pop
American song : the complete musical theatre companion
The new singing theatre : a charter for the music theatre movement
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from the Broadway stage. Volume 1, Mezzo/Alto
On Singing Onstage. Class Two, Technique with David Craig
Lasting love songs : The glory of Broadway
Writing musical theater
Independent theatre in contemporary Europe : structures - aesthetics - cultural policy
Assignments in musical theatre : acting and directing
Refractions of masculinity : ambivalence and androgyny in Philip Glass's opera 'Akhnaten' and selected recent works
Composed theatre : aesthetics, practices, processes
The singer's musical theatre anthology : a collection of songs from the musical stage, categorized by voice type : tenor. Volume 2
In the decades before the Second World War, popular musical theatre was one of the most influential forms of entertainment. This is the first book to reconstruct early popular musical theatre as a transnational and highly cosmopolitan industry that included everything from revues and operettas to dance halls and cabaret. Bringing together contributors from Britain and Germany, this collection moves beyond national theatre histories to study Anglo-German relations at a period of intense hostility and rivalry. Chapters frame the entertainment zones of London and Berlin against the wider trading routes of cultural transfer, where empire and transatlantic song and dance produced, perhaps for the first time, a genuinely international culture. Exploring adaptations and translations of works under the influence of political propaganda, this collection will be of interest both to musical theatre enthusiasts and to those interested in the wider history of modernism
Musical theatre : a workbook
A chronology of American musical theater. Vol. 1, 1750-1912
The triumph of pleasure : Louis XIV & the politics of spectacle
Blumenfeld's dictionary of musical theater : opera, operetta, musical comedy
The singer's musical theatre anthology : a collection of songs from the musical stage, categorized by voice type : tenor. Volume 5
Music hall & modernity : the late-Victorian discovery of popular culture
The Oxford handbook of the American musical
Estonian culture : a magazine of true merit where the good reader can gather information about Estonian culture : theatre, film and music and the progression of any kind of creative thought = Libellus periodicus praeclarus quo, lector benevole, te certiorem facere potes de cultu civili Estonico, velut de litteris, de arte scaenica, musica, cinematographika itemque de motu ingenii omnis generis
Music theory through musical theatre : putting it together
Musical theatre song : a comprehensive course in selection, preparation, and presentation for the modern performer
Music theatre in a changing society : the influence of the technical media
Smash. Season two
Studying musical theatre : theory and practice
Singer and actor : acting technique and the operatic performer
A practical guide to, and history of, musical theatre. What makes the great shows work and why some never made it.
Star Peace : A musical drama in three acts
Remembering the future
Choreographing the stage musical
150 years of popular musical theatre
Dance of the French Baroque Theatre
The Ziegfeld Follies : a history in song
Little Stars : a Hetty Feather adventure
Performing power : a new approach for the singer-actor
Singing, acting, and movement in opera : a guide to singer-getics
Sondheim and Lloyd-Webber : the new musical
On Singing Onstage. Class Three, Subtext with David Craig
How to audition for the musical theatre : a step-by-step guide to effective preparation
Sing the songs of Frank Loesser : high voice : professional cabaret arrangements for singer and jazz trio of piano, bass, and drums
British musical theatre. 1, 1865-1914
On singing onstage
Vocal selections from the Threepenny opera
Showtime : a history of the Broadway musical theater
Musical theatre choreography : a practical method for preparing and staging dance in musical show
Over the past 20 years European theatre underwent fundamental changes in terms of aesthetic focus, institutional structure and in its position in society. The impetus for these changes was provided by a new generation in the independent theatre scene. This book brings together studies on the state of independent theatre in different European countries, focusing on the fields of dance and performance, children and youth theatre, theatre and migration and post-migrant theatre. Additionally, it includes essays on experimental musical theatre and different cultural policies for independent theatre scenes in a range of European countries.
American song : the complete musical theatre companion. Volume 1
The British musical theatre
International handbook of research in arts education
America's musical stage : two hundred years of musical theatre
Music theatre in Britain : 1960-1975
Strategies for success in musical theatre : a guide for music directors in school, college, and community theatre
Smash. Season one
Next! : auditioning for the musical theatre
So you want to sing music theater : a guide for professionals
Intercultural communication and creative practice : music, dance, and women's cultural identity
Glitter and be gay : from Candide
A history of the American musical theatre : no business like it
Weill's musical theater : stages of reform
Theatre and adaptation : return, rewrite, repeat
On Singing Onstage. Class Five, Process / The Uptempo with David Craig
Acting for singers : creating believable singing characters
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from the Broadway stage. Volume 1, Baritone/Bass
The singer's musical theatre anthology : a collection of songs from the musical stage, categorized by voice type : soprano. Volume 5
The complete singer-actor : training for music theater
The somnambulist
The book of musicals : from Show boat to A chorus line
A chronology of American musical theater. Vol. 2, 1912-1952
Singing in musical theatre : the training of singers and actors
Acting the song : performance skills for the musical theatre
Theatre sound
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from Broadway stage. Volume 1, Tenor
Acting in musical theatre : a comprehensive course
American musical theatre : a chronicle
Peking opera : a short guide
The great white way : race and the Broadway musical
This clear, comprehensive workbook is an ideal core text for Musical Theatre students of all levels. Drawing on the history and development of Musical Theatre, it guides readers through the entire process of preparing material for performance and provides stimulating activities and exercises to aid personal and professional development.
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 32 songs from stage & film. Volume 2, Mezzo/Alto
Drama, dance and music
The new music theater : seeing the voice, hearing the body
Over the rainbow and 14 other songs from the shows
Musical theatre auditions and casting : a performer's guide viewed from both sides of the audition table
Staging musical theatre
Strike up the band : a new history of musical theatre
Actor-musicianship
The enraged accompanist's guide to the perfect audition
Sing the songs of Frank Loesser : low voice : professional cabaret arrangements for singer and jazz trio of piano, bass, and drums
