http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9057 event marketing
event marketing
Vaasa Choir Festival : Brand Awareness and The Expectations of Scandinavian Choirs
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
ORGANIZING A SMALL EVENT : Case: Launch Event of PR-material for Occupational Therapists
Project manager's work in organizing and managing Nice Run Events
Event design : social perspectives and practices
Event marketing as a promotional tool : a study of Philip Morris International
Organizing international competition Vantaa Diving Cup 2010
Marketing Finnish events for foreigner
Event marketing in car industry : case: Carfest
Marketing of the Finnish national football team's home matches
Marketing destinations and venues for conferences, conventions and business events
Sencity : a multi-sensory music event for deaf and hearing people
Development of a customer loyalty event : case study: Ilmatar Restaurant
The aim of the thesis was to organize and carry out a project, i.e. Helia's Christmas Cruise, called “Pikkupukin Kuusenkastajaiset” in Finnish. The cruise was a non-profit event assigned by Helium, the students' association. The main objective was to organize a successful cruise and to tackle and learn from marketing and project management problems that occurred. The thesis is a project thesis aiming to find out what kind of marketing attracts students and make them take part in events. Another main objective was to learn to implement project management successfully in practice. The theoretical framework of the study is based on literature on marketing and project management. The main focus is on different kinds of marketing and advertising styles. The cruise on board M/S Romantika took place on Wednesday 24 November 2004. The main happening during the cruise was an evening show held in the Space Disco. It comprised various humorous contests. The aim was to attract 500 students and the objective was almost met as 480 persons attended. In retrospect you can say that the advertising campaign was successful attracting the desired number of visitors. However, there were also certain problems concerning the project management process in particular.
Event Marketing - a Way of Internationalization for Small Finnish Food Companies
Explores the use of technology to improve results on all kinds of events from initial planning stages right through to post event debriefing. This book provides all the solutions and tips on how to maximize the participation of your audience, cut costs and have better revenues from your events."
Special events : the roots and wings of celebration
East African Tourism Opportunities for the Finnish Market: Development of Joint Marketing Strategy for the Nordic Travel Fair 2013.
Event marketing : case International Tourism Students Conference 2004
Ice event for KalPa family
Special event production : the resources
Wellness and taking care of ones own health has become trendy and public forces are trying to find out ways to get people more interested of their own health and well being. Also corporations launch wellness and workplace health promotion programs more commonly to reduce employee turnover and to increase company profits. In the future there will be increase in the amount of elderly people in Finland and this emphasizes the need for work related health services and preventive health behaviour. In work environments more focus needs to be laid on motivation and work well being. This creates a demand for wellness event for corporate groups aiming to motivate employees and to stimulate them to exercise to improve their health. The aim of this thesis is to point out factors that are essential when developing a wellness event concept and based on those make a proposal of potential concept for an event and programme organiser. The thesis has two parts: the theoretical frame of reference and a plan of a wellness event concept. The framework is created based on the literature of wellness, workplace health promotion, event marketing, event as a product and event product development. Also the process of wellness event development is descriped based on the descriptions of workplace health promotion, event marketing and event product development. When planning a wellness event for a corporate group the customer needs, expectations, resources and participation level needs to be found out before decisions about the content of the event can be made. Since event as a product is immaterial and it is produced and consumed simultaneously, also the people providing the event are a part of the product and affect the experience of a customer.     In the project part of the thesis a wellness event concept is created. The idea of wellness event  bases on co-operation between an event and programme organiser and a fitness chain. The event is targeted to all companies wanting to motivate the employees to improve their health by exercise. A potential product called Wellness Week is created to give a better picture of the potential event.
Pre-event Social Media Marketing To Promote Ticket Sales : Case: Eläköön koirat!
Excellence in exhibit and event design
Events as a strategic marketing tool
Analysis and strategy development of corporate events : case: NetApp
An investigation on marketing of international music festivals : case study : International Piano Festival in Espoo
The organising process and marketing communication of an event : case: the Christmas fair of the associations
International Marketing Plan of International Sibelius Festival 2015
Planning and organizing an event : case medieval Turku Castle event
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Experiential Marketing - Entertaining Events or a Crucial Part of the Marketing Mix?
How to succesfully produce an event  : Case study: Sunset Beach Party 2009 -festival
Dollars & events : how to succeed in the special event business
Successful events and the benefits of event marketing : Case: Rayadivers at Helsinki Travel Exhibition 2012
Role of event marketing in the promotion of luxury brands : case Porsche Travel Club
The business of sports : text and cases on strategy and management
Small budget music event production process  : case: Rock n’ Flow, NPITA Club
This particular study is a project based thesis about creating a customer loyalty event, using restaurant Ilmatar as a case study. Ilmatar restaurant is the main restaurant in Klaus K hotel that has not resulted expected outcomes so far. As both of the authors had been working in the company, the push factor for this particular project was an idea to improve the restaurants relationship with ones customers.    Several reviewed marketing theories and the authors' previous experiences on organizing similar events, resulted to come up with the first loyalty event in Ilmatar restaurant. The project has been built up by combining parallel theories about retaining customer relationships through marketing as well as theories on how to plan an event. The planning and implementation of the study has been defined by using Goldblatt`s five critical stages, which was covered for organizing a successful event.      After deciding the plan for the event, it took five month for the authors to study the relevant literature, plan and theme the event and to implement the event. The writing of the thesis was simultaneously made with arranging the project.    The loyalty event turned out to be an achievement and met the expected outcomes set by authors. The authors believe to have found results and relevant suggestions for equivalent events.
Operational challenges in managing multicultural events; Finnish perspectives for potential companies
Event marketing : case: Syystober 2011
Guerrilla marketing for dummies
Management of Porche Design VIP event: Case: Suomen Kultakello Oy
Marketing mix for a nordic classical music festival : case Sääksmäki Soi! music festival
Sales promotion research for Cailap Oy marketing
When space meets art : spatial, structural and graphics for event and exhibition design
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
Planning, producing and executing marketing for Leppävaara-viikko 2008
How to make it big in the seminar business
Improving the surf event attraction by creating the guidelines for surf event promotion
Technology and events : how to create engaging events
CityInfo Boards : a new marketing communications tool
Winning meetings & events for your venue
Event management : a professional and developmental approach
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
Event marketing : event plan for Deitille.fi's pre-christmas party cruise
Welfare day in the School of Business and Information Management
Football image profile and fan values
Special events : proven strategies for nonprofit fundraising
Consumer behaviour in sport and events : marketing action
Sport and the media : managing the nexus
Special event production : the process
Contemporary sport management
Special events : event leadership for a new world
Exhibitor satisfaction research : case: Free Time -exhibition
The event marketing handbook : beyond logistics & planning
The event manager's bible : the complete guide to planning and organising a voluntary or public event
Marketing plan for Nita Wellness' event
Project manager's work in organizing and managing Nice Run events
Sports Event Management and Development : Case Tekojärvihölkkä
Introduction to sport marketing
Event management for dummies
Organization of a large scale music event: planning and production
Sports and entertainment marketing
Sponsor-event fit: an empirical approach on the role of sponsor-event fit in the effectiveness of sponsorship
Marketing analysis of JJK Jyväskylä, a first division football club in Finland
This Thesis is based on the medieval event held in Turku from June 25 to June 28, 2009. The idea for this thesis came during a work period at Wäinö Aaltonen museum in October 2008. The Thesis presents the reader with an example of producing a large scale event from the perception of the project team responsible for the organization of the happening. The point of the work is to show how the theory of project planning, organization and marketing (product, price, place promotion) fits into a practical example of a happening. The structure of the thesis follows the standard formula of event creation found in many practical guides. It tries to maintain a chronological order but compromises have been made at different points when needed to keep clearness for the reader. Most of the data in the thesis are personal notes and details collected during the project's creation. Theoretical material used for the thesis lean towards books, personal knowledge on the subject and Turku University of Applied Sciences course materials. The frame of reference material was limited to event organization to avoid overextending the theory basis. None the less Event organization in itself loans a lot of from other theories like business management, marketing, finances making the “sources” quite wide. Because of this theoretical literature is quite varied at times. The Thesis was started with assembling all the notes and data about the event and then by creating a coherent structure to it. It was written step by step supported by the existing theory available. Some of the work for the thesis was done already during the planning process for the event, for example the market research, customer surveys and their analyses. The most important finding in the thesis is that the event did actually not follow such a rigid set of rules defined by the theory associated to the subject. In many cases the standard procedures of event organization were not followed. Further quantitative research should be conducted to make any definite conclusions on this finding. As a note to the reader this thesis is not a practical guide how to stage an event, but should be considered as additional reading material for someone interested on the subject. By giving example on how the theory is implemented into practise it hopes to enlighten the subject.
Measuring the performance of corporate events : an empirical study of measuring practices in Finnish companies
Developing Events for the Polish-Finnish Association
Increasing the Attractiveness of an Event : Case Oulu Days 2013
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
Event production and marketing : case Porvoo Campus Events 10.10.2010
The event marketing handbook : beyond logistics and planning
Marketing plan for event management company : case: Clubworks
CELEBRATING THE PAST : Marketing and Development Plan for Rosenlund
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
Sports and entertainment marketing, 4E, continues to use sports and entertainment topics as the foundation for teaching marketing concepts. Each marketing function is incorporated throughout the text and is highlighted with an icon to indicate how it is used in the marketing process.
Development of a wellness event
"Events are becoming more complex as their range of functions grows, as: meeting places, creative spaces, economic catalysts, social drivers, community, image makers, business forums, and network nodes. Effective design can produce more successful business models that can help to sustain cultural and sporting activities even in difficult economic times. This process requires creative imagination, and a design methodology or in other words 'Imagineering'. This book brings together a wide range of international experts in the fields of events, design and Imagineering to examine the event design process. It explores the entire event experience from conception and production to consumption and co-creation. By doing so it offers insight into effective strategies for coping with the shift in value creation away from transactional economic value towards social and relational value which benefit a range of stakeholders from the community to policy makers. Mega-events, small community events, business events and festivals in eight different countries are examined providing an international view of social issues in event design. A wide selection of current research perspectives are employed, integrating both theoretical and applied contributions. The multidisciplinary nature of the material means that it will appeal to a broad academic audience, such as art and design, cultural studies, tourism, events studies, sociology and hospitality"--
Marketing of Nice Run
Ticket Sales Analysis for Live Nation Spain
Development And Marketing Guideline Plan for Reiska Tournament
Improving the morning sales of the 3+1 päivää campaign
Powerful exhibit marketing : the complete guide to successful trade shows, conferences and consumer shows
Music event management & promotion
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
The event manager's bible : how to plan and deliver an event
Event management and sustainability
Events management : an international approach
Event sponsorship : attitudes and perceptions to Yläkaupunki Yö
Helia's christmas cruise
How to organize a successful, international dog event applying project management and marketing theories
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Reorganized in a four-part format, Contemporary Sport Management, Fourth Edition, begins with an overview of the field and important historical aspects of the industry. Next, the attributes of an effective and professional sport manager and the relevance of managerial and leadership concepts applied to sport management are discussed. In the second part, readers learn about the major settings in which sport management professionals work today, including professional and amateur sport management sites, sport management agencies, and sport tourism venues. The third part offers information on key functional areas of sport management, such as sport marketing, sport communication, finance and economics in sport, and sport facility and event management. In the final part, readers examine current challenges in the profession, such as issues related to consumer behavior, law, sociology, globalization, and the importance of continuing sport management research.
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Reinforcing the Monki brand in Finland through event marketing : case Monki 1-year anniversary customer night
The business potential of live communication in the European Union : a market analysis of the European Union’s outsourced event and communication actions
Event management of a French Day
Guerrilla marketing for consultants : breakthrough tactics for winning profitable clients
Consumer behaviour in sport and events
Marketing your event planning business : a creative approach to gaining the competitive edge
This thesis is a project oriented assignment which concentrates on the event promotion and sponsorship. The project is to implement the Guideline for Promoting Surf Events. The author is doing this guideline for the A.S.E.O. which is a surf association in Oaxaca, Mexico. The main objective of the A.S.E.O. is to organize surf events, mainly competitions, to improve the performance of its member surfers nationally and internationally. The primary objective of this thesis is to improve the event attraction of the surfing competitions. The author segments the different target groups and also analyses their needs. In July 2009, she made a questionnaire for the participants of the Surf and Music Festival. With the survey the author found more detailed information about the topic and she was able to use some results directly when implementing the guideline. The event sponsors are the most essential target group of the event marketing when it comes to the success of an event. The challenge for the event marketer is to convince the audience that the event is a one-of-a-kind experience, involving extreme sport. This thesis presents how to make these target groups interested in participating the events and by which marketing communication tools they can be reached. The thesis consists of the report and the Guideline for Promoting Surf Events (attached). The introduction of the report describes to the reader the background, the objectives and the stricture of the thesis. In the second chapter the author brings out the main theory frame concerning the topic by presenting which marketing communication tools can be used when improving the event publicity. The author combines different sources from the event marketing literature for example Allen, O'Toole and McDonnel's “Festival and special event management” and Hoyle's “Event Marketing: How to Successfully Promote Events, Festivals, Conventions, and Expositions”. The third chapter concentrates on the implementing the thesis output. This section shows which choices were taken when writing the Guideline for Promoting Surf Events. The author explains the reasons for the decisions and the evaluation of the importance and practicality. The last part of the thesis report is describing the conclusions of the whole project and it suggests how this thesis can make the activities of the A.S.E.O. easier in the future. Along with this thesis the association can start noticing the changes in the sport event industry and the changes in the behavior of different target groups.
The subject of this thesis was to arrange a welfare day in the school of Business and Information Management. The two development tasks were to give information on how to promote personal wellbeing and to organize a successful event, which marketing communications meet the target group. Two target groups were defined for the event. The first target group was the students of the School of Business and Information Management and the second target group was the staff. The main theme for the event consisted of three areas of wellbeing: physical, social and mental. Erja Korhonen, leader of the student welfare team in the School of Business and Information Management, assigned the thesis. The student welfare team was working in the background of this thesis. The thesis consists of discussion in physical, social and mental wellbeing. The theoretical foundation includes physical, mental and social wellbeing, event project organizing, project planning, executing, evaluating and terminating. Event marketing is also included in the theoretical foundation by being a part of project planning. In addition to the theoretical foundation, chapters 3, 4, 5 and 6 also review how this event was put into action. The feedback was gathered by using a simple feedback form with three questions. 90 filled feedback forms were returned. 86 of the participants had gotten at least some ideas on how to promote their personal wellbeing. 67 participants thought that the event content was comprehensive enough and only three did not think so. The internal information channel Oiva reached most of the students that participated the event. According to the feedback, the welfare day event was successful and both of the development tasks were completed. This welfare day event was the first to be organized in the spring and it turned out to be a good time for a refreshing event like this. Most of the stands had activities to take part in, which made them more interesting. Free samples and raffle prizes by the sponsors Valio, SATS, Neste Oil and Manninen Nutraceuticals gave extra value to the event. Where to locate the stands gives something to think about. If the stands should be located around the school, little signposts would help the participants to find them easily. This thesis report can be exploited when working on a new welfare day event.
HOSTING A MEMORABLE EVENT : Case: Food Festival in Ostrobothnia
Expositions and trade shows
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
Event management : a developmental and managerial approach
Event marketing and its effects on brand image on the BtoC sector
Mobile marketing process of an international event : case : Falun 2015 FIS Nordic World Ski Championship
Handling the PR-work of the Spring Festival tor the Theatre and Circus school of Tikkurila
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
The use of social media in event marketing by finnish companies
The success of communication in the adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Welfare Day in The School of Business and Information Management
11th Roma Music Festival : marketing and outward communication project
