http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9059 masonry
masonry
Stainless steel masonry support systems : best practice information sheet for specifiers
Building a fireplace : Step-by-step instructions for contemporary to classic styles
The complete guide to masonry & stonework : updated with new products & techniques
Ancient and modern mortars in the restoration of historical buildings
Rural buildings of the Lothians : conservation and conversion
Brick : a world history
Building in Egypt : pharaonic stone masonry
Prehistoric stonework in the Peruvian Andes : a case study at Ollantaytambo
Manual for the design of plain masonry in building structures to Eurocode 6
ACI manual of conrete practice 1983. 5, Masonry, precast concrete, special prosesses
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 3, Mortars, plasters and renders
Garden edges & retaining walls
The complete book of Outdoor diy
Hydraulic lime mortar : for stone, brick and block masonry
Brickwork and paving for house and garden
Masonry : how to care for old and historic brick and stone
Landscaping with stone
Lime mortars in traditional buildings
Case studies of traditional lime harling : a discussion document
Eurocode for masonry : EN 1996-1-1 and EN 1996-2 : guidance and worked examples
Brick projects for the landscape : 16 easy-to build designs
Structural masonry designer's manual
Muuratut tuotteet = Masonry products
Architectural brickwork
Construction materials : their nature and behaviour
"As an architect, you want to integrate the best building envelope construction methods, materials science, and structural principles in your work, but you need a resource to help you. With more than seventy significant case studies located in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia from prehistory to the present, this book illuminates the theory and techniques of assembling exteriors. Six chapters organized by wall types, from hand-set monolithic walls to digitally fabricated curtain walls, each have a material focus section to help you understand their intrinsic properties so that you can decide which will best keep the weather out of your building. Case studies include: Great Wall, China Israeli Supreme Court Building, Jerusalem, Ram Karmi and Ada Karmi-Melamed Fďřation Nationale du Bt́iments, Paris, Jean Prouv Ǐnstitut du Monde Arabe, Paris, Jean Nouvel Morgan Library, New York City, Renzo Piano Katsura Imperial Villa, Kyoto Sainsbury Center for Visual Arts, Norwich, UK, Sir Norman Foster"--
Preparation and use of lime mortars
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 2, Brick, terracotta and earth
Eurocode for masonry, EN 1996-1-1 and EN 1996-2 : guidance and worked examples
Executive summary.
Ancient Egyptian masonry : the building craft
The complete photo guide to home repair
Weekend outdoor diy : 40 step-by-step projects for garden stonework, decking and ponds
Mortars and cements
Fortification towers and masonry techniques in the hegemony of Syracuse, 405-211 B.C
Corrosion in masonry clad early 20th century steel framed buildings
Enter : construction
Masonry walls
Masonry & plastering
The stone skeleton : structural engineering of masonry architecture
Masonry conservation & restoration
Building a wood-fired oven for bread and pizza
Stonework & masonry projects : new projects in stone, brick & concrete
Mortars in Old Structures
The art of the stonemason
Masonry construction manual
Walks, walls & patio floors : Do-it-Yourself techniques, design ideas in color
Eurokoodi : Eurocode. 6, Muurattujen rakenteiden suunnittelu =. Design of masonry structures
Bricklaying system
Step-by-step outdoor brickwork : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden
The art & craft of stonework : dry-stacking, mortaring, paving, carving, gardenscaping
Handbook for building and repair of stone walls : Sustainable Heritage report no. 4
Concrete and masonry databook
Summary.
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 1, Stone masonry
Masonry material and structure
The history of gauged brickwork : conservation, repair and modern application
Practical stone masonry
Skins, envelopes, and enclosures : concepts for designing building exteriors
Getting started with mortared stonework : walls, patios, fireplaces, colums & more
Getting started with mortared stonework : walls, patios, fireplaces, columns & more
