http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9053 service homes
service homes
Community care : a reader
Perceived work ability and physical capacity of home care workers : effects of the physical exercise and ergonomic intervention on factors related to work ability
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Situation analysis for FACES worker cooperative
People under three : young children in day care
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
Public welfare services and inequality : introduction to methodology and some examples with the 1985 Finnish household expenditure survey data
Kotipalvelu 1986, 1988, 1990 = Hemservice 1986, 1988, 1990 = Home help 1986, 1988, 1990.
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Due credit to home care : working life challenges
English summary.
The management of everyday life
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Households̕ consumption
Left to care alone
Abstract: Care enterprises and the functionality of elderly people living at home : the perspectives of againg people, municipal decision-makers and care entrepreneurs.
Residential architecture / [author & editor, Carles Broto]
Caring connections : compassionate mutuality in the organizational life of a nursing home
Outreach work in care services for older people : practices and experience
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Home care and services for the aging people in Finland
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
Family care of the elderly : social and cultural changes
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 251-253 (1989), Commerce, services
Implementation of two service integration innovations in home care: contradictions and bright spots
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
Planning Strategies for Home Care Services
The early years handbook : a comprehensive guide to managing provision in the early years foundation stage
Ageing in place : potentials and restrictions : a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Cultivating agency in home care : transforming the paradigms for interaction between home care and their elderly clients
The elderly in modern society
Theory of Constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
The substitution issue : care policies and their consequences for family care
The little old lady who broke all the rules
Second wind
Home service concept : technology, logistics and business management
Sustainable consumer services : business solutions for household markets
Clientship and the quality of home help services : - where does quality begin?
Family work with elderly people
Establishing a private social service company to support individuals living at home
Customer-oriented service in retirement homes
Reforms in long term care policies in Europe : investigating institutional change and social impacts
Detecting falls at home : User-centered design of a pervasive technology
Community and ageing : maintaining quality of life in housing with care settings
Together for homehelp services
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Potential and challenges in home care service process optimization : a route optimization approach
The Living-at-home program : innovations in service access and case management
Good quality of life for elderly people : SPE Project end report
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2003 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2003 = A count of clients having regularly home care services on 30 November of 2003
Supporting community care of demented patients
Independent lives? : community care and disabled people
Home care fraud and abuse : critical questions, essential answers
User requirements elicitation : a framework for the study of the relation between user and artefact
Elderly in home care : in municipalities Pello, Rantsila and Tervola in Northern Finland : report of sustainable rural health care networks project 1st June 2005 - 1st September 2007
Interactive system for ubiqutous home services : b Kotipalvelujen vuorovaikutteinen läsnä-älyjärjestelmä
Home health care nursing : administrative and clinical perspectives
The environments in which people live out their later lives have a strong impact on their identity and provide opportunities for nourishing social interactions. This volume translates the insights derived from contemporary research on residential environments and public spaces that enhance well-being into practical recommendations for the design of such beneficial community environments. The text is grounded in the conceptual and theoretical underpinnings of current research on place attachment, environmental meaning, and community living in later life. Emphasis is placed on how to design residential spaces that facilitate the development of a sense of place or home, and investigation is made into the kinds of lifestyles such spaces foster and support. A major theme pervading the text is the juxtaposition of private and public space. The book also addresses such themes as the transformation of spaces into places of personal identification and attachment, the need for shared intergenerational spaces, and consideration of diverse populations when designing public spaces. The book also considers how emerging public policy agendas affect the development and management of environments for the elderly. Environmental Gerontology includes the contributions of scholars in anthropology, architecture, economics, education, geography, gerontology, planning, psychology, sociology, and numerous health sciences, who hail from North America, Europe, and Asia.
The political principle concerning services for older people in Finland emphasises home care. The public authority set the national targets concerning service provisions and attempts to encourage the older population to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. In this regard, the national government employs a typical sociological or gerontological concept, known as ageing in place. Although the structure of social and health care services significantly shifted to domiciliary services in the 1990s, Finland is still considered to maintain relatively institutionalised welfare programmes. Due to continual ageing and pressures to reduce expenditure on social services, it still remains unexplored as to what extent encouraging ageing in place is realistic from the aspect of the living environment.This study is conducted as a single case study focusing on sixteen local districts in the city of Oulu. The forty-three projects researched, covering all categories, namely residential homes, sheltered housing and rental accommodation for older people, and ranging from central location to suburban districts, are systematically analysed using the building permits and the collected data in addition to the researcher’s neighbourhood surveys. The collected data are primarily analysed in quantitative manners and measured in multi-disciplinary ways.The outcomes of the analysis overall suggest that the living standards of all the housing projects studied here do not necessarily help older residents to cope with every possible environmental problem while real meanings of diversity among the projects studied are considered to be rather limited regarding the aspect of the possible lifestyles of residents. The degree of the realisation of ageing in place depends on the definition of the concept adopted by the various stakeholders (national and local authorities, developers, service providers, older people). The realisation of ageing in place seems to require wider and deeper discussions.Discussion of the ageing-in-place concept points to a lack of preventative objectives which aims at minimising services by providing appropriate living settings for older people instead of pursuing the best combination of care services and accommodation. There are special roles which only housing facilities can address.
Theory of constraints in field service : factors limiting productivity in home care operations
Home service concept : from user needs to services
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Abstract: The voucher game : a case study of elderly service voucher users freedom of choise in a home care context.
SHOPS : smart home payment services : towards the liberalisation of Europe's utilities industry
Nutrition in care homes and home care : report and recommendations : from recommendations to action
Development project as driving change in elderly care
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Outsourcing the grocery shopping service to an online grocery retailer
Schools and social work
Social security and community care
The social work supervisor : supervision in community, day care and residential settings
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Community care : the independent voice of social work
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Community care : the family, the state and social policy
Distance is not a barrier to health : welfare technology makes life easier
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Home visiting : procedures for helping families
Falling is the main cause of domestic accidents and fatal injuries to seniors at home. In this paper, we describe the design process for a new pervasive technology (CIRDO). The aim of this technology is to detect falls (via audio and video sensors) and to alert the elderly's family or caregivers. Two complementary studies were performed. Firstly, the actual risk situations of older adults were analyzed. Secondly, social acceptance was investigated for the different homecare field stakeholders. Our results highlight the tensions among social actors towards the tool and their impacts on technology acceptance by the elderly. Also, we show a significant change in the fall process due to the device. In actuality, the social functions associated with CIRDO implementation and the necessity of iterative design processes suggest that the CIRDO system should be more flexible and versatile to better fit the risk behaviors of seniors that evolve using this device..
The Theory of Catering
