http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9067 alteration work
alteration work
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Personality and transformational leadership : perspectives of subordinates and leaders
Change management efficiency in global operations : case: Company X
Healing the wounds : overcoming the trauma of layoffs and revitalizing downsized organizations
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to clarify the meaning of organizational change and to  identify the process of change as well as how organizational change effects on organization  and its employees' job satisfaction, motivation, well-being and working environment  after the merger in LähiTapiola Lännen. The objective was that the target  organization would benefit from the results of the research and they could use the  results in their future change projects.  The theoretical part deals with organizational change, change process, change management  and employees behavior. It also dealt with how the change effects on organization's  culture and climate.  The empirical part was created based on the theoretical part and the results received  from the research. The empirical part attempts to find out how the target organization's  employees experienced the change process.  The research method used in the thesis had elements of both qualitative and quantitative  research methods and the questionnaire conducted to the employees was made  by web-based e-form. The results received from the questionnaire were analysed  carefully and they were compared with information gathered in the theoretical part.  The results of the research revealed that the change process (merger) in the target  organization was not successful in the employees' opinion but on the other hand,  they did have a strong believe in the future success of the organization. Based on the  results received from the research was created recommendations to the target organization  on how they could perform more effectively in the future change projects.
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Älymylly : Fab Akademi, Åbo Akademi, Vaasa = Mill of intelligence : Academill Real Estate Company
Abstract.
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Summary (s. 4-8).
The industries of the future
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Tampere-raportti = Report of Tampere
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Staged - a stage to dwell
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
Change management in voluntary organisation : program reform in Finnish scout movement
Tiedettä rautatehtaalle : Arken, Humanistiska Fakulteten vid Åbo Akademi, Turku = Science at ironworks : Arken, Faculty of Arts, Åbo Akademi university
Flirting with disaster
Changing works : visions of a lost agriculture
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
The teacher and the needs of society in evolution
The declining percentage of the working-age people
Politics of development in the Barents region
Schoolteachers and schooling : ethoses in conflict
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Change Management in Voluntary Organisation : Program reform in Finnish scout movement
Identities at work / narratives from a post-bureaucratic ICT organization
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
Reorganization of firms and labor market inequality
Strategic Alliance and Change Communication : The Relation Between Change and Communication Examined from the Perspective of Attitudes
The modernization of working times : flexibility and work sharing in Finland
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
The politics of climate change
Competence and employment forum : linking HRD and HRM
Real change leaders : how you can create growth and high performance at your company
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
Sociology, work, and industry
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
Glass fibre yachts : improvement and repair
Information services today : an introduction
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
From Lost to Leading
Abstract: The aim of this study was to map issues related to change management and voluntary work. The study was undertaken to understand what factors affect successful change management especially in voluntary organizations. A further aim was to study how program reform Ohjelmauudistus 2010 in Guides and Scouts of Finland was managed. A critical review of existing literature and research in the fields of change management and volunteering was conducted. An online survey to active members of the association aimed to clarify the thoughts of the members about the program reform. The results of the survey were compared to the closing report of the project to see whether the perceptions about the success of the project were consistent among the members and the working group. According to the results of the research, the opinions of the members and the working group seem to be congruent. Areas that were identified in the closing report to be successful were the same that the members were satisfied with. The only exception here is the satisfaction with communication. However, there are considerable geographical differences in the attitudes.
Seeking conviviality : re-forming community diakonia in Europe
Global environment outlook, GEO 5 : environment for the future we want
Beyond certainty : the changing worlds of organisations
Labor in the twentieth century
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Sustainable renovation : strategies for commercial building systems and envelope
Expectation horizons of the Finnish top level olympic sport actors at the start of the high performance unit's operational work
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Work and society : sociological approaches, themes and methods
Basic human values in the workplace
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
The role of non-governmental organisations in the improvement of livelihood in Nepal
Trim : idea book
Community-based nursing care : making the transition
The complete photo guide to home repair
The passivhaus handbook : A practical guide to constructing and retrofitting buildings for ultra-low energy performance
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
Loft design : solutions for creating a livable space
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Humanize work and increase profitability? : direct participation in organisational change viewed by the social partners in Europe
The impact of change on employees' motivation
Facilities change management
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
Analyses of the Sinebrychoff Art Museum's building surfaces
Organizational Justice During Strategic Change : The Employee's Perspective
Challenging social work : the institutional context of practice
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
The Bears
How to be a home economics teacher
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
Staying well in changing world of work
Remote : office not required
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Me before you
The girls guide to DIY : how to fix things in your home without breaking your nails
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Sectoral adjustment under wage leadership
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Religion and social change : a sociological study of Seventh-day Adventism in Kenya
Meeting the challenge of change at work
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
"Doing inspires".
The hungry spirit : beyond capitalism - a quest for purpose in the modern world
Innovativeness in Finnish workplaces : renewing working life to bring Finland to bloom
The main objective of this research-based thesis was to understand how well employ-ees were supported and managed during their role as part of a major change initiative, and how this has influenced their engagement to the case organization. Two theories were drawn upon to support the empirical study and they provided the foundation for the theoretical framework. Change Management served as the primary theory, and Employee Engagement was selected as the secondary theory due to its influence on, and relationship with the successful implementation, management and integration of organizational change. The theoretical framework was further supported with recent reports published by leading practitioners in the human resources community. The empirical study targeted personnel working directly on the change project in a number of project teams spread out across the globe, in addition to personnel who were working independently as the person in charge (PIC) in specific areas of the pro-ject. The research design comprised of a quantitative and qualitative web-based survey questionnaire, administered on November 25th, 2013. The key findings of the survey revealed that overall the change project had been effec-tively managed and supported at all levels of the organization from the perspective of the project team members. A generally positive response to questions surrounding engagement led me to believe the case organization is successfully ensuring that person-nel feel valued and involved in their current roles. The main development suggestions for the case company based on the results of the survey propose the following:  - improvement of the effectiveness and timeliness of communication  - further development of personnel through change management training  - additional clarity with the realignment of goals and objectives  - ensuring personnel are able to balance their full workload.
The effect of organizational change on employees : case: Merger in LähiTapiola Lännen
Ponilla pinkkiin baariin : Kulttuuritehdas Korjaamo, Helsinki : On a pony to the pink bar : The KOrjaamo Culture Factory
