http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9061 dependancy ratio
dependancy ratio
Summary: The development of social expenditure in the long term.
Critical issues in aging policy : linking research and values
English summary.
Aging and generational relations : life-course and cross-cultural perspectives
Social support and motherhood : the natural history of a research project
From detached concern to empathy : humanizing medical practice
Global health and international relations
The New Blackwell companion to medical sociology
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
When your parent moves in : every adult child's guide to living with an ageing parent
Culture and climate in health care organizations
Communication and health = systems and applications
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
Clinical supervision as an interaction between the clinical educator and the student
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
Abstract: Confronting a Victim of Intimate Partner Violence in Nursing Care, A literature review.
Stories in the time of cholera : racial profiling during a medical nightmare
The experiences and perfection of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Teenagers and attachment : helping adolescents engage with life and learning
The Person as Patient : psychosocial perspectives for the health care professional
Lost in care : the problems of maintraining links between children in care and their families
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings: a literature review
Managing Violence and Aggression : a manual for nurses and health care workers
What Maisie knew
A manual of staff management in the hotel and catering industry
Promoting cultural diversity : strategies for health care professionals
Explaining illness : research, theory and strategies
The skilled helper : a problem-management and opportunity-development approach to helping
Drawing on her expertise as an academic researcher and as a writer of both non-fiction and fiction, Ann Oakley here tells the story of a research project. Moving far beyond the conventional format of the research report, this book develops a sociology of the research process itself, centering on the telling of a story about how and why the research came into being, and what happened when it did. It demonstrates, furthermore, that the research process must be seen within the wider context of a crisis in contemporary culture concerning the status and gendering of knowledge. Distinctively linking private troubles to public issues, "Social Support and Motherhood" investigates the connection between social relations and the health and well-being of women and their babies. At the same time, it calls into question the very definition of "health" and probes the complex relations between social science research, academic "knowledge" and public policy. It is aimed at undergraduates, researchers and teachers in sociology, social research methods, social policy and women's studies.
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Grimaldi extends preventative maintenance to more ships
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings : a literature review
Social bonds in later life : aging and interdependence
With a fresh, sympathetic and reassuring approach, Uncoupling provides tried-and-tested advice that will help anyone going through a break-up. It is the book that Sara looked for - and couldn't find - when going through the process herself, so she is only too well aware how few places people feel they can turn to for compassionate and practical advice. Uncoupling combines Sara's extensive training in life-coaching techniques, her cutting-edge work with those who are themselves 'uncoupling', and her own personal experience. Her advice will show you how to navigate the pitfalls and will make the process easier. It is all about being in emotional control and Uncoupling will help you build your personal strength so that you can deal with the rollercoaster of emotions more effectively, enabling you to move forwards. It is all about putting you back in control.
Multicultural competence in nursing : experience of patients and families
Good practice : communication skills in English for the medical practitioner : student's book
Control in medical consultation : practices of giving and receiving the reason for the visit in primary health care
Women, health and medicine
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Communicating in the health sciences
The midwife-mother relationship
Uncoupling : how to survive and thrive after breakup & divorce
Residential child care : international perspectives on links with families and peers
Six myths about migrant remittances and the global economic crisis
Abstract: Multicultural or Transcultural nursing is globally an important aspect of nursing today. it is very important for all healthcare providers to be aware of the existence of cultural differences and appreciate the differences of multiple and various differentiations in healthcare values, beliefs and customs. This knowledge helps in providing a holistic care to the patients. This final project was a part of the LOG-Sote a large research project that focuses on the health issues of ethnic minorities. The purpose of this final project study was to describe patients and families experiences of healthcare services received in multicultural environment. Eight research articles were used for the literature review. The data were collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL AND PUBMED. The articles found described the patients and family members' experiences in different healthcare environment. Two categories and subcategories were found in the patients' and families' experiences. Stress and culture; they are faced with overwhelming stress such as fear about uncertain outcomes of illness, lack of communication and information, changes in roles and responsibility, vulnerability, emotional turmoil and financial concerns, disappointments from the healthcare setting and societal discrimination and migration. However, they depend on their cultural beliefs and values, it protection and their religious practices and this also increase the anxiety. Majority of the participants had experienced stress and felt they had been treated in a biased way. Few participant in the research articled analyzed expressed satisfaction in the care received. Hospitalized patients and families are subjected to stress and this invariably affects the quality of care they receive. This signifies there is a need for more educational awareness in multiculturalism and in its competence.
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Beyond the crisis : preserving the capacity for excellence in health care and medical science
Old Europe? : demographic change and pension reform
Preventing physical and emotional abuse of children
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
What shall we do with mother? : what to do when your elderly parent is dependent on you
A handbook of human resource management practice
Promoting substance abuse care in Saint Petersburg
Social workers, the community and social interaction : intervention and the sociology of welfare
Staying alive : how to get the best from the NHS
Caring for children : challenge to America
Family law
The challenge of person-centred care : an interprofessional perspective
Case studies in primary care : a day in the office
Health communication : strategies for health professionals
Multicultural competence in nursing: experience of patients and families.
There was fear that the global economic crisis would interrupt the flow of remittances to developing countries, force migrants to return to their sending households and endanger the economic health of sending nations. However, anxiety over the collapse of remittances was largely unfounded. While there was a small decline in remittance flows globally in 2009, in general, they did not fall as far or as quickly as other forms of assistance and they have begun to recover. In this paper we examine a series of myths that colour the remittance debate. Debunking the myths that surround remittances allows us to show the complex role remittances play for migrants, their sending households and communities as developing nations cope with the global economic crisis..
Families caring across borders : migration, ageing and transnational caregiving
Dental fear in adolescents' transition to early adulthood
Good Practice : communication skills in English for the medical practitioner : teacher ́s book
Therapeutic  communication
Nonresidential parenting : new vistas in family living
Interaction as determining element of experienced service quality : a healthcare example
Going home : the return of children separated from their families
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Factors associated with physician job satisfaction : systematic review
Observing organisations : anxiety, defence and culture in health care
Communication skills training for health professionals : an instructor's handbook
Time to help your parents : a practical guide to recognising problems and providing support
Immigrants at the workplace in the health care sector : Tehy survey on multiculturalism
Abstract: Nurses perceptions about early intervention in domestic violence: an interview study.
Communication in medical care : interaction between primary care physicians and patients
Culture and negotiation : the resolution of water disputes
Communication skills for the health care professional : concepts, practice, and evidence
Privacy in occupational health care : ethical examination
The sociology of health, illness and health care : a critical approach
Power under the microscope
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Attachment handbook for foster care and adoption
Talk, work and institutional order : discourse in medical, mediation and management settings
Design for care : innovating healthcare experience
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
Positions constructed in specialist health care for patients experiencing intimate partner violence
Stress, disease and primary medical care
Help! : they need somebody!
Dividing the child : social and legal dilemmas of custody
Relieved after doctor's consultation? : primary health care patients' complaint-related worries
Abstract: Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings: a literature review. The focus of mental health care has changed dramatically in the past few decades. More and more mental health clients are being treated outside of the clinical setting. Nurses working in primary care often feel that they lack skills necessary in the cooperative management of these clients' illnesses. The purpose of this paper was to review the literature of multiple empirical research articles to describe what a nurse-client therapeutic relationship entails, and how nurses and other healthcare workers can develop these relationships within the primary care setting. The aim of this literature review was to outline the means and ways to build and maintain therapeutic nurse-client relationships and suggest ways of implementing these methods. These concepts were derived from mental health care contexts and adapted to be beneficial to the primary healthcare setting. The literature review was implemented as an electronic database search. Databases that were used for the literature search were Your Journals @ Ovid, CINAHL and OVID Medline. The final number of relevant articles found through the electronic database search was nine. Two more studies were discovered in the references section of these articles, giving a total of eleven scientific studies that form the basis of this literature review. The data analysis process was deductive and included categorization of the emergent themes using Peplau's (1988) interpersonal theory and the phases of the nurse-client relationship as a framework. Trust and communication, with the subthemes of empathy, authenticity, listening and time, advocacy, continuity and empowerment were the themes that persistently arose from the research material. The wishes and needs in a working nurse-client relationship were expressed explicitly, and the ways and methods of building and maintaining a satisfying and therapeutic connection were described by both the nurses and the clients. The framework of Peplau's theory of interpersonal relationships and the stages of the nurse-client relationship could be seen in the data collected for the literature review, and links to the theory could be drawn from it. On a small scale, this review strengthened the idea of the therapeutic relationship being at the core of care and that Peplau's theory is still relevant, even if the terminology and focus of care have changed
Communication in healthcare
