http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9063 trial (legal proceedings)
trial (legal proceedings)
Helter skelter : The true story of the Manson murders
Death Qualified
Street crime : reduction through positive criminal justice responses : a report
The final judgement
How to ruin a queen : Marie Antoinette, the stolen diamonds and the scandal that shook the French throne
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
The acid bath murders : the trials and liquidations of John George Haigh
The porcupine
Protecting trade secrets in litigation : the impact of Article 9 of the EU Trade Secret Directive especially on Finnish law
Historical trials
School judgment : Gakkyu hotei. 1, The Suzuki murder and dismemberment case
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Nuremberg trials : war crimes and international law
Rights in conflict : report of the twentieth century fund task force on justice, publicity and the first amendment
Effective dispute resolution for the international commercial lawyer
The golden rules of advocacy
Can excessive length of proceedings be remedied?
On legal expertise and cost-free legal aid in Finland
Rogue lawyer
The purpose of the thesis was to demonstrate the difference in litigation news in both Finland and Japan by making a short documentary film and utilizing the guidelines of content analysis. Also the plan was to use comments from specialists in both countries to give a third person's opinion to the way of presenting the news. The materials were recorded from Finnish and Japanese channels, YLE and TBC respectively. Because of the difference in the broadcast formats in the two countries the materials have to be converted to similar formats depending on which country is the intended target for the video. The conversion from the Japanese analog NTSC format to Finnish analog PAL format is difficult because of the different frame size and frequency the two formats have. The PAL format also requires conversion from the file format it was recorded to something that can be handled in a proper editing program such as Adobe Premiere. The conversion caused problems, because of the rarity of free programs that can carry out the conversion. Also the quality of the converted version of the NTSC material was not up to expectations and could not be used. Problems also appeared with the specialists' comments, since finding the correct person to answer questions about news presentation is difficult. The most notable difference between the broadcasts is the length; Finland's ca. 2 min. compared to Japan's ca. 5 min. Also the lack of details in the Finnish one especially the absence of pictures of victims and the crime scene is notable. Furthermore, the Japanese news use subtitles while the Finnish do not. The document itself was put on hold until the comments from the specialists can be collected as well as digital broadcast material gathered from the Japanese news. Since the outline of the document has already been made, the compiling should go easily after all the materials have been gathered.
Discovery in international commercial arbitration : A comparative study of the Finnish and American approach in the provision of documentary evidence
Louis Riel : a comic-strip biography
Court interpreting : comparing court interpreter training in Finland, Sweden, Germany and the United States
Evidence, proof and probability
The silver star
The defence
Finnish summary.
The witches : Salem, 1692 : a history
Solemnly swear
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear"--
Acess to the court of justice of the European Union from a member state's viewpoint
What do national judges require of the Court of Justice of the European Communities?
The king of torts
Butcher's trail : how the search for Balkan war criminals became the world's most successful manhunt
Zur Soziologie des Gerichtsverfahrens (Sociology of the judical process)
The Rosenberg espionage case
An outline guide to interpreting for the deaf in legal situations
Measures to prevent and reduce the excessive workload in the courts
Death comes to Pemberley
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
Words and deeds in Renaissance Rome : trials before the papal magistrates
Pre-trial delay : the implications of time limits
Killing Dr Death : the amazing true story of the death squad that tracked down and killed a Nazi war criminal
Divorce confidential : the explosive confessions of how the rich divorce
The red road
The absence of guilt
Fair trial rights
Why Socrates died : dispelling the myths
The Racketeer
The charter and judgment of the Nürnberg tribunal : history and analysis
The dead duke, his secret wife and the missing corpse
Chase your shadow : the trials of Oscar Pistorius
Small great things : a novel
We are your sons : the legacy of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg
If she did it
Mooting and advocacy skills
The daylight gate
Union Atlantic
Murder one. Case 1
Political trials in Poland 1981-1986
As time goes by : a novel
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
How leading lawyers think : expert insights into judgment and advocacy
The wild palms
Murder in Mississippi : the true story of how I met a white supremacist, befriended his black killer and wrote this book
The summons
The litigators
Economics of evidence, procedure, and litigation
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Europe's most wanted man  : the quest for Radovan Karadžić
Jeremy Hutchinson's case histories : from Lady Chatterley's lover to Howard Marks
Prosecuting Nazi war criminals
Defending civil resistance under international law
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear" / Library of Congress.
Murder most feline : cunning tales of cats and crime
Vanishing acts
Murders of the Black Museum 1875-1975 : the dark secrets behind more than a hundred years of the most notorious crimes in England
All those in favour? : an account of the High Court action against the Electrical Trades Union and its officers for ballot-rigging in the election of union officials (Byrne & Chapple v. Foulkes & others, 1961)
The best defence
Glasgow tercentenary essays : 300 years of the School of Law
Judge and jury
Bleak house
The affair of the poisons : murder, infanticide and satanism at the court of Louis XIV
The death of Mr Love
The Scottish juvenile justice system
The guilty plea
The witchcraft trials in Finnmark, Northern Norway
She must have known
The trial of the Germans : an account of the twenty-two defendants before the International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg
The garden of burning sand
The role of the jury in capital trials
The outsider
Civil and administrative procedure : the differences and their explanation
Age of consent : a novel
Productive Trials: English and Finnish Legislation and Conceptualisations of Same-Sex Sexualities in Course of Trials of Oscar Wilde, Maud Allan, Raclyffe Hall and Herb Grove, from 1885 to 1957, 17-38.
A tale of two wolves
Viertes Internationales Forum und erster Europäischer Kongress: Dolmetschen und Übersetzen bei Gericht und Behörden "Die Sprache ist ein Menschenrecht", Graz, Österreich, vom 6. bis 8. November 1998 : Kongressakte = Fourth International Forum and first European Congress on Court Interpreting and Legal Translation "Language is a Human Right", Graz, Austria, from November 6 to 8, 1998 : proceedings
The fall of a sparrow : a novel
Public interest litigation in India : a renaissance in social justice
Small great things
Daisy in chains
Hillsborough : the truth
Known for his sadistic medical experiments on Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp, Dr Aribert Heim disappeared ahead of his imminent arrest for his crimes in 1962. This is the dramatic story of how a clandestine organization comprised of Vietnam war veterans and former secret agents plotted to assassinate him.
The pact : a love story
Comparing Finnish and Japanese litigation news
The mind's eye : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
The confession
Wildfire / Lene Kaaberbøl ; illustrated by Rohan Eason ; translated by Charlotte Barslund
Children and right to a fair trial : exploring the relationship between first and second generation human rights
Murder one. Case 2
The bachelors
Abuse of process and judicial stays of criminal proceedings
The trial process
They fought the law : rock music goes to court
Tojo : the last banzai
The last juror
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Reaching judgement at Nuremberg
The holocaust on trial : history, justice and the David Irving Libel case
Policy arguments in judicial decisions
The criminal trial as a speech communication situation
The law of the international civil service : (as applied by international administrative tribunals) : C.F. Amerasinghe. Vol. 1.
Mugabe and the white African
Historical trial
Divine collision : an African boy, an American lawyer, and their remarkable battle for freedom
The courts and the doctor
Access to justice
The run of his life : the people v. O.J. Simpson
Introduction to legal practice. Vol. 1
The reader : [a novel]
Reflections on international arbitration and litigation in the International Court of Justice
Indefensible
Fanny and Stella : the young men who shocked Victorian England
His bloody project : documents relating to the case of Roderick Macrae : a novel
Delay in the court
Pleasantville
Soviet evidence in North American courts : an analysis of problems and concerns with reliance on communist source evidence in alleged war criminal trials
Documents relating to the case of Roderick Macrae. A brutal triple murder in a remote northwestern crofting community in 1869 leads to the arrest of a young man by the name of Roderick Macrae. There's no question that Macrae is guilty, but the police and courts must uncover what drove him to murder the local village constable. And who were the other two victims? Ultimately, Macrae's fate hinges on one key question: is he insane? A story ingeniously recounted through the accused's memoir, trial transcripts and newspaper reports, His Bloody Project is a riveting literary thriller that will appeal to fans of Hannah Kent's Burial Rites.
Helter skelter : the true story of the Manson murders
The crucible
County court practice and procedure
Did she kill him? : a Victorian tale of deception, adultery and arsenic
The method
He's a serial killer. A murderer of young women, all killed in brutal attacks. But despite Hamish Wolfe's conviction, he's always stuck to his story--he's innocent and he's been wrongly imprisoned. And now he wants someone to investigate and, more importantly, to write his story. Maggie Rose is a notorious defense attorney and writer whose specialty is getting convictions overturned. At first, Maggie is reluctant to even acknowledge Hamish's requests to meet, ignoring his letters. But this is a very charismatic and persuasive man, good-looking and intelligent. Eventually even she can't resist his lure...
Trials of the King of Hampshire : madness, secrecy and betrayal in Georgian England
The due process of law
Official referees' practice and procedure : an offprint of Atkin's court forms
Laws governing the lives of women have changed radically in recent years: new legislation has been passed and old laws have been reinterpreted to create new precendents. This unique and indispensable handbook discusses and explains through a series of case studies the various changes that can and will affect so many women's lives. It also contains a through reference section listing state-by-state fair employment practices, grounds for divorce, and information on law schools.
The tears of dark water
The American jury on trial : psychological perspectives
Court reform on trial : why simple solutions fail : a twentieth century fund report
Linguistic evidence : language, power and strategy in the courtroom
Inside the Nuremberg Trial : a prosecutor's comprehensive account
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Novel problems relating to criminal evidence have emerged in connection with the recent developments of technology and society. In this paper, some of these legal and practical problems are identified and examined, with a distinction made between mostly cybercrime-specific problems and problems related to electronic evidence. This paper provides an overview of the topic and brings to light the need for continuing research in the field..
The trial
Time of the witches
The modern law of evidence
Courts and judges
Fifth international Sakharov hearing : proceedings April, 1985
The trial on trial. Volume 2, Judgment and calling to account
Nazi conspiracy and aggression
The Reichstag fire trial : the second brown book of the Hitler terror : based on material collected by the World committee for the relief of the victims of German fascism
Death of a dissident : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Law and the legal process
Islamic symbols in European courts
The whistler
The jury : its role in American society
Sycamore row : a novel
Criminal procedure truth and probability
A harvest of thorns
Southern lights
Criminal evidence in the network society: new problems, new solutions?
"Pulitzer Prize winner Stacy Schiff, author of the #1 bestseller Cleopatra, provides an electrifying, fresh view of the Salem witch trials... Along with suffrage and Prohibition, the Salem witch trials represent one of the few moments when women played the central role in American history. Drawing masterfully on the archives, Stacy Schiff introduces us to the strains on a Puritan adolescent's life and to the authorities whose delicate agendas were at risk. She illuminates the demands of a rigorous faith, the vulnerability of settlements adrift from the mother country, perched -- at a politically tumultuous time -- on the edge of what a visitor termed a 'remote, rocky, barren, bushy, wild-woody wilderness.' With devastating clarity, the textures and tensions of a colonial life emerge; hidden patterns subtly, startlingly detach themselves from the darkness. Schiff brings early American anxieties to the fore to align them brilliantly with our own. In an era of religious provocations, crowdsourcing, and invisible enemies, this enthralling story makes more sense than ever. The Witches is Schiff's riveting account of a seminal episode, a primal American mystery unveiled -- in crackling detail and lyrical prose -- by one of our most acclaimed historians"
The anatomy of the Nuremberg trials : a personal memoir
Courts act 1971 : chapter 23.
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
The law for a woman : real cases and what happened
Conviction
The law of contempt
The right to a fair trial
Letter of an old bolshevik : the key to the Moscow trials
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
