http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9074 town plan areas
town plan areas
Kaupunkikoti : pääkaupunkiseudun uutta asuinarkkitehtuuria = City home : new residential architecture in the Helsinki region
Housing policy and the urban environment : programme and reality
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
Yliskylän luoteisosan asemakaava, Helsinki 1965 = Stadsplan för nordvästra delen av Uppby, Helsingfors 1965 = Site plan for the northwest section of Yliskylä, Helsinki 1965.
Kanta-Hämeen kehittäminen 1985-2010 : kokonaissuunnitelma 1984 = Development plan of Kanta-Häme 1985-2010 : comprehensive plan 1984.
Metrolla kansallispuistoon = A metroride to the national park
Kanta-Hämeen kehittäminen 1988-2010 : seutusuunnitelma 1988 = Development plan of Kanta-Häme 1988-2010 : regional scheme 1988.
Rivers create unique habitat for aquatic life and provide ecosystem services for humans. Thus, degradation of river water quality is a serious, global problem. Water quality is the outcome of anthropogenic and natural landscape factors and the interaction of these two. To improve water quality, robust and quick methods are needed to study the complex, spatio-temporally dependent relation between water quality and environment conditions across extensive areas.This thesis aimed to study the relationship between water quality (total phosphorus and nitrogen, pH, water colour and dissolved oxygen) and environmental factors in boreal rivers combining grid-based data and statistical methods. The study comprised of 34 Finnish rivers with their catchments. First, the effect of natural and human-induced environmental factors on water quality was studied.Then, (a) the ability of the characteristics of different spatial scales around the river channel and under different discharge conditions to predict water quality was explored and (b) the suitability of the applied statistical methods (generalized linear and additive models, partitioning methods, non-metric multidimensional scaling) in water quality studies was evaluated.As expected, the results highlighted the impact of agricultural activities on water quality as nutrients and pH increased, together with the cover of agricultural activities. However, when studied as a group, natural factors explained water quality better than land use/cover. Lakes were strongly related to decreased nutrients and water colour. The effect of fine-grained soils on nutrients and pH was positive. In the scale studies, nutrients and water colour were best explained by the characteristics of the entire catchment but pH was mostly predicted by the characteristics of the 50 m riparian zone.The connection between water quality and environment was str ongest during high-flow discharge periods.The results encourage the use of the applied methods, showing that the combination of grid-based data and advanced statistical methods provide an efficient first-filter estimate of water quality-environment relations. Spatial-based statistical modelling provides a crucial framework for river, water resources and land use management. The applied methods can also be seen as essential tools when predicting the impacts of global change on water quality.
Guidelines for surface and drainage water quality monitoring in agriculture dominated areas
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers:application of spatial-based statistical modelling
Näkymätön kaupunki : toteutumattomia suunnitelmia 1900-luvun Turusta = The invisible city : unrealized plans from the 20th century Turku
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Kanta-Hämeen seutukaava : kokonaissuunnitelma v. 2000 = Regional Plan for Kanta-Häme : overall plan for the year 2000.
With summaries in English.
Aalto Lapissa : Alvar Aallon Lapin tuotanto = Aalto in Lapland : Alvar Aalto's work in Lapland
Katajanokan kärjen asemakaavaluonnos = Planning for Katajanokka
Exploring spatial scale in geography
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers : application of spatial-based statistical modelling
