http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9079 discographies
discographies
Gramophone film music good CD guide
Dirigenten der DDR = Conductors of the German Democratic Republic : Otmar Suitner, Kerbert Kegel, Heinz Rögner, Heinz Bongartz, Helmut Koch : discographies
The Penguin guide to compact discs and cassettes
Johnny Marr : The Smiths and the art of gun-slinging
Breaking into heaven : the rise, fall and resurrection of the Stone Roses
Beatlesongs
Deadbase X : the complete guide to Grateful Dead song lists
Elvis : the #1 hits
Without frontiers : the life and music of Peter Gabriel
The Blackwell guide to recorded jazz
The classical CD listener's guide
Beyoncé : crazy in love : the Beyoncé Knowles biography
International bibliography of discographies : classical music and jazz & blues, 1962-1972 : a reference book for record collectors, dealers, and libraries
The complete book of the British charts, singles & albums
Skydog : the Duane Allman story
The great rock discography : third edition: fully revised and expanded
Sonny Rollins : the journey of a jazzman
British hit albums
Still with the music : my autobiography
World : 100 essential CDs : the Rough Guide
Music master heavy metal catalogue
The essential jazz records. Vol. 2, Modernism to postmodernism
Leeds & Catlin records : a history and discography
No more sad refrains : the life and times of Sandy Denny
Leonard Cohen : a remarkable life
Genesis, turn it on again : the illustrated Genesis story
White line fever : the autobiography
Blues on CD : the essential guide
David Bowie : an illustrated discography
Becoming Elektra : the true story of Jac Holzman's visionary record label
The world's encyclopædia of recorded music
Gramophone film music good cd guide : reviews of the best film music CDs you can buy
Music Master jazz and blues catalogue
The listener's guide to the blues
The rough guide to jazz
Suomalaisten äänilevyjen luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish records. 1970
Official truth : 101 proof : the inside story of Pantera
Serge Gainsbourg : a fistful of gitanes : requiem for a twister
Gramophone musicals good CD guide
MusicHound R & B : the essential album guide
Johnny Cash : the life
Madonna : blond ambition
Know your enemy : Rage Against The Machine
Beatles, Motown, Beach Boys, etc. : classic rock discographies, commentary, and mono vs. stereo analysis
The Rolling Stones : an illustrated discography
Your pretty face is going to hell : the dangerous glitter of David Bowie, Iggy Pop and Lou Reed
Death discs : an account of fatality in the popular song
The Symphonies of Jean Sibelius : a discography and discussion
R.e.d. soundtracks catalogue
The Penguin guide to compact discs
William Walton : a thematic catalogue of his musical works
The dark story of Eminem
The jazz CD listener's guide
The great rock discography - 2. rev. ed
The complete entertainment discography : From the mid-1890s to 1942
Suomalaisten äänilevyjen luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish records. 1971
The complete entertainment discography, from 1897 to 1942
The lyrics
Suomalaisten äänilevyjen luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish records. 1968
The blues CD listener's guide
Return to sender : the First Complete Discography of Elvis Tribute & Novelty Records, 1956-1986
The John Fahey handbook : with a complete illustrated discography and labelography of Fonotone & Takoma records. Vol. 2
International new wave discography. Volume 2.
Country music : 70 years of America's favorite music
The New York Dolls : too much too soon
The Rolling Stone album guide : completely new reviews: every essential album, every essential artist
World beat : a listener's guide to contemporary world music on CD
Who did it first? : great rock and roll cover songs and their original artists
Agnetha Fältskog : the girl with the golden hair
Early music discography : from plainsong to the sons of Bach. Vol. 2, Composer, plainsong, anonymous work and performer indexes
Discogs : building the definitive database of electronic music..
THE LONG AND WINDING ROAD / A HISTORY OF THE BEATLES ON RECORD
David Bowie : an illustrated record
Bible of butchery : Cannibal Corpse : the official biography
The new Penguin guide to compacts discs and cassettes
The Beatles lyrics : the unseen story behind their music
The Penguin guide to recorded classical music. 2010 : the key classical recordings on CD, DVD and SACD
The Warner guide to UK & US hit singles
Fuzz, acid and flowers : A comprehensive guide to american garage, psychedelic and hippie rock (1964-1975)
All together now : the first complete Beatles discography 1961-1975
Touching from a distance : Ian Curtis and Joy Division
R.E.D. tracks catalogue : 2000
International discography of women composers
Suomalaisten äänilevyjen luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish records. 1967
Folk music : a catalog of folk songs, ballads, dances, instrumental pieces, and folk tales of the Unites States and Latin America on phonograph records. (The Archive of folk song of the Library of Congress.)
Reggae : from mento to dancehall : music, history, artistes, producers, discography
The Penguin guide to compact discs, cassettes, and LPs
The world's encyclopædia of recorded music : second supplement (1951-1952)
Overkill : the untold story of Motörhead
Every night's a Saturday night : the rock 'n' roll life of legendary sax man Bobby Keys
Text and drugs and rock 'n' roll : the beats and rock culture
Bob Marley : soul survivor : the stories behind every song
500 lost gems of the sixties
Crosstown traffic : Jimi Hendrix and post-war pop
Rod : the autobiography
Trapped in a scene : UK hardcore 1985-1989
ECM Records Vol. II : the recordings 1969 - 2015
Jazz on record : a history
Jeff Lynne : The Electric Light Orchestra : before and after
Blues all day long : the Jimmy Rogers story
The Blue Note label : a discography
25 albums that rocked the world!
Jazz on CD : the essential guide
House of fun : the story of Madness
Heart of Stone : The definitive Rolling Stones discography, 1962-1983
The complete David Bowie
CD Specialties collectible compact disc price guide : including rare CDs, CD-singles, laserdiscs and minidiscs
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1985
Hit singles : top 20 charts from 1954 to the present day
Heart of stone : the definite Rolling Stones discography, 1962-1983
God save the kinks : A Biography
The illustrated collector's guide to Alice Cooper
A discography of Bebo Valdés
Backstage passes & backstabbing bastards : memoirs of a rock 'n' roll survivor
A SHORT DISCOGRAPHY OF IRISH FOLK MUSIC
Pink Floyd : the illustrated discography
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1986, Hakemistot = Indexes
Spray paint the walls : the story of Black Flag
The Victor Red Seal discography. Vol. 1, Single-sided series (1903-1925)
Emeli Sandé : the biography
The Velvet Underground companion : four decades of commentary
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
The music of the Stanley Brothers
The story of Manic Street Preachers : nailed to history
New rock record
Bob Marley : the illustrated disco/biography
Hugo Wolf
The Billboard guide to tejano and regional Mexican music
The essential Klezmer : a music lover's guide to Jewish roots and soul music, from the old world to the jazz age to the downtown avant-garde
Jazz records, 1897-1942. Volume 2, Abe Lyman to Bob Zurke
Studies in Scandinavian-American discography. 1
Led Zeppelin day by day
System of a Down : right here in Hollywood
The Blackwell Guide to Recorded Blues
Gramophone film music : good CD guide
The Billboard book of top 40 hits
Jazz records, 1897-1942. Volume 1, Irving Aaronson to Abe Lyman
1000 recordings to hear before you die : a listener's life list
The classic FM Hall of Fame collection
The Johnny Cash discography
The world music CD listener's guide
Sex Pistols : retrospective
JAMES BROWN : the godfather of soul
Finnish Music on CDs : a selection excluding Sibelius : cd-extra FMQ
Suomalaisten äänilevyjen luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish records. 1972
Music Master Folk Music of the British Isles catalogue : 1st edition
Deborah Harry : the biography
The Billboard guide to contemporary Christian music
The Blackwell guide to recorded blues
The billboard book of number one hits
The Philadelphia Orchestra : an annotated discography
Musichound lounge : the essential album guide to Martini music and easy listening
The essential jazz records. Volume one, Ragtime to swing
Jazz records 1897-1942. Volume 2, Kar-Z
Fleetwood Mac : the complete recording sessions 1967-97
Jussi Björling : a record list
The Penguin guide to jazz on CD, LP & cassette
Amy Winehouse : the biography
The curious life and work of Scott Walker
Music Master Heavy Metal Catalogue
MUSIC FROM ICELAND
The world's encyclopædia of recorded music : second supplement (1953-1955)
Jazz records 1897-1942. Volume 1, A-Kar
Red Hot Chili Peppers : the stories behind every song
Nobody likes you : inside the turbulent life, times and music of Green Day
The Columbia 33000-F Irish series : a numerical listing
Mario Lanza : singing to the gods
