http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p907 fish (foodstuffs)
fish (foodstuffs)
Fish and fishery products are nutritious and healthy and are an important source of food and livelihood for many millions of people worldwide. Fish inspection is concerned with ensuring that the consumer has access to safe and nutritious fish and fish products, whether the fish is from domestic sources of supply, imported or to be exported to consumers in another country. The present guidelines will assist fish inspectors to carry out these responsibilities.--Publisher's description.
Ihmistoiminnan vaikutus Cross River –joen Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon –alueen kalayhteisön rakenteeseen.
Meat and fish management
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Fish cookery : The International Wine and Food Society's guide
Mesophilic Aeromonas spp. occurring in fish, fish eggs and fresh water
Lactic acid bacteria associated with the spoilage of fish products
Cookwise : the hows and why of successful cooking
Retail packaging of fresh fish
Fish as feed inputs for aquaculture : practices, sustainability and implications
Prevalence of Clostridium botulinum type E in Finnish fish and fishery products
Effects of algal turbidity on foraging and antipredator behaviour of the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
Increasing the contribution of small-scale fisheries to poverty alleviation and food security
Isolation and identification of rainbow trout spoiling microbiota
The fair lady cookbook
Shelf-life of smoked Baltic herrings stored at different temperatures
From genotype to phenotype : diversity and population structure of Flavobacterium psychrophilum
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Bioeconomic modelling of salmon fisheries : a survey
Fish handling & processing
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
J. Sheekey Fish
Report of the thirteenth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 February 2012 = Rapport de la treizième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Hyderabad, Inde, 20-24 février 2012 = Informe de la decimotercera reunión del Subcomité de Comercio Pesquero, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 de febrero de 2012.
Habitat selection by riverine grayling, Thymallus thymallus L
Report of the eleventh session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Bremen, Germany, 2-6 June 2008 = Rapport de la onzième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Brême, Allemagne, 2-6 Juin 2008 = Informe de la undécima reunión del Subcomité Sobre Comercio Pesquero, Bremen, Alemania, 2-6 de junio de 2008.
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas, Bangkok. 11-14 September 2007.
Effects of enhancing UV-B irradiance on the behaviour, survival and metabolism of coregonid larvae
Strengthening aquaculture health management in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for Bycatch Management and Reduction of Discards : Rome, 30 November-3 December 2009.
The microwave fish cookbook
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
The effects of dietary fumonisin B1 on growth and physiology of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Report of the expert consultation to develop an FAO evaluation framework to assess the conformity of public and private ecolabelling schemes with the FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries, Rome, 24-26 November 2010.
Causes of detentions and rejections in international fish trade
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, Rome, 14-17 October 2003.
Report and papers presented at the FAO Workshop on Fish Technology, Utilization and Quality Assurance : Bagamoyo, United Republic of Tanzania, 14-18 November 2005 = Rapport et documents présentés à L'atelier de la FAO sur la technologie, l'utilization et l'assurance de qualité du poisson : Bagamoyo, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 14-18 novembre 2005.
Impacts of Song Bung 4 hydropower project to biodiversity and hydrology of Vu Gia – Thu Bon basin in Quang Nam province, Vietnam
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Fish and krill protein : processing technology
Revenue distribution through the seafood value chain
Fish and fishing in ancient Egypt
Spatio-temporal differences in the growth of wild and reared Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) in the Baltic Sea
Report of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean, Mount Irvine, Tobago, 21-21 July 2008.
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on the Application of biosecurity Measures to Control Salmonella Contamination in Sustainable Aquaculture : Mangalore, India, 19-21 January 2010.
Report of the fourth Meeting of the RECOFI Working Group on Fisheries Management : Muscat, Sultanate of Oman, 3 - 5 October 2010.
Taste of the sea
Fish and fishery products
This technical paper provides a comprehensive review of the use of wild fish as feed inputs for aquaculture covering existing practices and their sustainability as well as implications of various feed-fish fisheries scenarios. It comprises four regional reviews (Africa and the Near East, Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and North America) and three case studies from Latin America (Chile, Peru and the study on the use of the Argentine anchoita in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil). The four regional reviews specifically address the sustainable use of finite wild fish resources and the role that feed-fish fisheries may play for food security and poverty alleviation in these four regions and elsewhere. With additional information from case studies in China and Viet Nam, a global synthesis provides a perspective on the status and trends in the use of fish as feed and the issues and challenges confronting feed-fish fisheries. Based on the information presented in the global synthesis, regional reviews and three case studies, and through the fresh analysis of information presented elsewhere, an exploratory paper examines the use of wild fish as aquaculture feed from the perspective of poverty alleviation and food security.
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Solar drying of fish and paddy
Report of the joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on the Risks and Benefits of Fish Consumption : Rome, 25-29 January 2010.
Summary: Hygiene Assessment System in the fishery establishments.
Fish and shellfish quality assessment : a guide for retailers and restauranteurs
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Sixth World Congress on Seafood Safety, Quality and Trade : 14-16 September 2005, Sydney, Australia
Journal of food safety and food quality = Archiv für Lebensmittelhygiene
The spoilage flora of vacuum-packaged, sodium nitrite or potassium nitrate treated, cold-smoked rainbow trout stored at 4C̊ or 8C̊
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
Report of the Workshop on Standardization of Selectivity Methods Applied to Trawling in the Mediterranean Sea, Sète, France, 9-11 February 2005 = Rapport de L'Atelier sur la Standardization des Méthodes de Séctivité appliquées au Chalutage en Méditerranée, Sète, France, 9-11 février 2005.
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Multilingual dictionary of fish and fish products = Dictionnaire multilingue des poissons et produits de la pêche
Yield and nutritional value of the commercially more important fish species
Sustainability-related concepts and practices in Finnish lake fisheries
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Microbiological quality and shelf-life of vacuum-packaged 'gravad' rainbow trout stored at 3 and 8 °C
Raw and processed fish share the identical Listeria monocytogenes pulsed-field gel electrophoresis genotypes [poster]
Manual on fish canning
Ranaviruses : detection, differentiation and host immune response
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on the Use of Wild Fish and/or Other Aquatic Species as Feed in Aquaculture and its Implications to Food Security and Poverty Alleviation : Kochi, India, 16-18 November 2007.
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
Fresh ways with fish and shellfish
The variations in the catch of Salmon and the Water levels of the rivers
Freezing and irradiation of fish
Effects of temperature and feeding regime on compensatory growth of rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Risks caused by Clostridium botulinum type E
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
Sea fishing : expert tips and techniques for yachtsmen, motorboaters and sea anglers
Comparative sensitivity of boreal fishes to UV-B and UV-induced phototoxicity of retene
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
A short guide to fish preservation : with special reference to West African conditions
Risk assessment of Vibrio parahaemolyticus in seafood : interpretative summary and technical report
Effect of nutrients on competition between a virulent and a less virulent strain of the fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Swish fish : an entertaining guide to buying and cooking fish
The seafish cookbook
James McNair's salmon cookbook
This report provides a summary of the presentations, panel statements and working group discussions of the Bangkok Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries in 2008. The conference identified several critical ways forward in securing sustainable small-scale fisheries that integrate social, cultural and economic development, address resource access and use rights issues guided by human rights principles, and recognize the rights of indigenous peoples--Publisher's description
Modern garde manger : a global perspective
Edible coating for inhibition of Clostridium botulinum type E in vacuum-packaged hot-smoked rainbow trout
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Mechanisms of honest sexual signalling and life history trade-offs in three cyprinid fishes
The use of smoke flavourings for the processing of salmon has begun to substitute traditional smoking methods. This review examines the quality issues associated with salted salmon "smoked" by this technique along the salting and smoking steps. Firstly, the evidence is examined to determine whether dry or brine salting is better for salmon flesh destined to be treated by liquid smoking. Secondly, influence of liquid smoking on the sensorial, physicochemical and textural characteristics of the flesh are described, as are its effects on potential spoilage organisms.
The prevalence of Clostridium botulinum in European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) in Finland
This document contains the report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for Bycatch Management and Reduction of Discards held in Rome, Italy, from 30 November to 3 December 2009. The Expert Consultation was convened to review an initial draft of the International Guidelines as called for by the FAO Committee on Fisheries at its twenty-eighth session in 2009. The Expert Consultation adopted a draft text containing International Guidelines to be forwarded on to a technical Consultation for review and finalization. The Expert Consultation based its work on a preliminary text prepared by FAO. The Expert Consultation was hosted by FAO and funded by the Government of Norway and the FAO Regular Programme.
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Seafood research from fish to dish : quality, safety and processing of wild and farmed fish
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Boreal fishes and ultraviolet radiation : actions of UVR at molecular and individual levels
The fish on your plate : why we eat what we eat from the sea
Transmission and host and mate location in the fish louse Argulus coregoni and its link with bacterial disease in fish
Responsible fish trade and food security
Fish and shellfish
Foodborne disease handbook 4: seafood and environmental toxins. Volume 4, Seafood and environmental toxins
Effects of perilipin I & V on the phenotype of zebrafish embryos
Factors affecting the development and structure of monogenean communities on cyprinid fish
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
Atlantic gourmet : the best of Icelandic seafood
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
Molecular characterization of sediment bacterial communities affected by fish farming
Handbook of muscle foods analysis
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
Sex chromosome evolution and speciation in stickleback fishes
Environmental regulation of energy metabolism and its gene expression in fish
Functional foods and nutraceuticals
Advancing the aquaculture agenda : workshop proceedings
Handbook of food preservation
Leith's fish bible
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
Informe de la Reunión para la Reactivación de la Iniciativa de Creación de una Red de Acuicultura de las Américas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 de Junio de 2009 = Report of the Meeting on the Reactivation of the Iniative to Create an Aquaculture Network of the Americas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 June 2009.
Report and papers presented at the Seventh FAO Expert Consultation on Fish Technology in Africa : Saly-Mbour, Republic of Senegal, 10-13 December 2001 = Rapport et documents présentés à la septième Consultation d'experts FAO sur la technologie du poisson en Afrique : Saly-Mbour, République du Sénégal, 10-13 décembre 2001.
Committee on fisheries : report of the first session of the sub-committee on fish trade, Rome, 7-10 October 1986.
Charcuterie : the craft of salting, smoking, and curing
Fish immunology & biotechnology
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
Wild sweets chocolate : savory, sweet, bites, drinks
Intraspecific variation in brain size and architecture : population divergence and phenotypic plasticity
Aspects of the biology of diplostomid metacercarial (Digenea) poplations occurring in fishes in different localities of northern Finland
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
A fresh look at fish
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries = : Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture marines = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura marina
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
Use of fishery resources as feed inputs to aquaculture development : trends and policy implications
Fish inspection and quality control
Raw and processed fish show identical Listeria monocytogenes genotypes with pulsed-field gel electrophoresis
Marine functional food
Market research in the Vietnamese marine sector   Case study of eNav forecast - a navigation application developed by NASCA Geosystems
Indian fishing : early methods on the Northwest Coast
Application of modern analytical techniques to ensure seafood safety and authenticity
Migratory connectivity amongst Baltic Sea salmon
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
The development of the Leishman-Donovan Parasite in Cimex Rotundatus : 2 report
Intraspecific variation in phenotypic plasticity
Eating quality of rainbow trout
Parrotfish
Fish & seafood
Vegetarian cooking for you
Tariffs in world seafood trade
Guidelines for risk-based fish inspection
Assessment of fish migration in rivers by horizontal echo sounding : problems concerning side-aspect target strength
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Joint FAO/WHO Expert Meeting on the Public Health Risks of Histamine and other Biogenic Amines from Fish and Fishery Products : meeting report, 23-27 July 2012, FAO Headquarters, Rome, Italy
Control of fish quality
Report of the Technical Consultation on Legal Frameworks and Economic Policy Instruments for Sustainable Commercial Aquaculture in Africa South of the Saharan : Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania, 4-7 December 2001 = Rapport de la Consultation technique sur les cadres juridiques et les instruments de politique économique à adopter pour promouvoir une aquaculture commerciale durable en Afrique subsaharienne : Arusha, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 4-7 Décembre 2001.
Methods to determine the freshness of fish in research and industry : proceedings of the final meeting of the concerted action "Evaluation of fish freshness" AIR3CT942283 Nantes Conference, November 12-14, 1997 = Méthodes d'Évaluation de la fraícheur du poisson dans l'industrie et la recherche : Compte-rendu de la réunion finale de l'Action Concertée "Evaluation de la fraícheur du poisson" AIR3CT942283, Nantes Conference November, 12-14, 1997
Host manipulation by parasites : adaptation to enhance transmission?
Code of practice for fish and fishery products
Preparing an Environmental Permit Application : Case Study for a Small Scale Fish Farm
Eating and healing : traditional food as medicine
Fifth World Fish Inspection and Quality Control Congress : 20-22 October 2003, The Hague, Netherlands
Report of the Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries : securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : bringing together responsible fisheries and social development, Bangkok, Thailand, 13-17 October 2008 = Rapport de la Conference Mondiale sur les Pêches artisanales : pour une pêche artisanale durable : associer la pêche responsable au dêveloppement social, Bangkok, Thailande, 13-17 octobre, 2008 = Informe de la Conferencia Mundial Sobre la Pesca en Pequena Escala : garantizar la pesca en pequena escala : pesca responsable y desarrollo social unidos, Bangkok, Tailandia, 13-17 de octubre de 2008.
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Part I of this report provides a summary of the proceedings of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean. Part II gives a management summary and full report of the flyingfish stock assessment undertaken at the meeting, as prepared by the FAO fisheries consultant with contributions, review and approval by the Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group. Part III presents national reports detailing the analyses and preparation of national data sets for use in the regional flyingfish stock assessment. Part IV provides the Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean amended as agreed at the meeting. The key results of the stock assessment conducted at the meeting are that the regional flyingfish stock is not currently overfished and that overfishing has not occurred in the history of the flyingfish fishery. It was agreed by the working group that there is no immediate action required by management to conserve the stock, unless there is a significant increase in regional flyingfish catches. It was further agreed that a catch trigger point of 5 000 tonnes should be established when action would be taken to ensure the stock does not become overfished. Among the agreed actions that should be taken if catches rise to or above the trigger point, is a freeze on further fishery development until a full scientific reassessment of the stock has been completed. The most significant uncertainty in the current assessment stems from the poor data available on catches and effort. It was agreed that improved data collection and monitoring is essential to ensure sustainable use of this and other fishery resources into the future, and that achieving this improvement should be a priority focus for all members with a flyingfish fishery. It was further agreed that the working group should maintain the electronic database that was assembled at the meeting, ensuring that it always represents the most up-to-date best estimate of flyingfish catch and effort in the subregion to support future reassessments. The Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean, prepared intersessionally after the second meeting, was fully reviewed at this meeting and amendments suggested in order to finalize the first draft of the fisheries management plan for presentation to the eastern Caribbean governments. The amended draft is provided here.
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Winter biology of burbot (Lota lota L.)
Sustainability in fisheries management
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
An Analysis of the pre-Mahaweli situation in H4 and H5 areas in Kala-Oya Basin
Exploring phage-bacterium interactions : new ways to combat a fish pathogen
Solubility and diffusion of CO[sub 2] into fish : and the effect of CO[sub 2] and temperature on the storage quality of fresh Atlantic salmon
Report of the Tenth Session of the Subcommittee on Fish Trade : Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 30 May-2 June 2006 = Rapport de la dixième session du Sous-comité du commerce du poisson : Saint-Jacques-de-Compostelle, Espagne, 30 mai-2 juin 2006 = Informe de la décima reunión del Subcomité sobre comercio pequero : Santiago de Compostela, España, 30 de mayo-2 de junio de 2006
Predicted and observed growth and toxigenesis by Clostridium botulinum type E in vacuum-packaged fishery product challenge tests
Community structure of macroinvertebrates, bryophytes and fish in boreal streams : patterns from local to regional scales, with conservation implications
Marketing of aquacultured seabass and seabream from the Mediterranean basin
Report and papers presented at the Second Workshop on Fish Technology, Utilization and Quality Assurance in Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 24-28 November 2008 = Rapport et documents présentés au deuxième Atelier sur la technologie, l'utilisation et l'assurance de qualité du poisson en Afrique : Agadir, Maroc, 24-28 novembre 2008.
Fresh fish : quality and quality changes
Basic cooking
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
Prevalence of Clostridium botulinum in Finnish trout farms
Both raw and processed fish share the identical Listeria monocytogenes pulsotypes (P-A15)
Characteristics of dry- and brine-salted salmon later treated with liquid smoke flavouring
Studies of the life history of a parasite : a basis for effective population management
North Atlantic seafood
Sunday suppers : informal American home cooking
Transmission of Diplostomum spathaceum between intermediate hosts
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
Temperature as a modifier of fish cardiac contractility
Report of the twelfth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010 = Rapport de la douzième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 Avril 2010 = Informe de la duodécima reunión del Subcomité Sobre Comercio Pesquero, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010.
Fish processing technology
Advances in fish science and technology
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Modified atmospheric processing and packaging of fish : filtered smokes, carbon monoxide, and reduced oxygen packaging
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Preliminary report on the development of the Leishman-Donovan body in the bed bug
Production of feeds for African catfish Clarias gariepinus using plant proteins
199 things to eat
Sustainable production of healthy fish : tackling parasitic threats with knowledge on their ecology
Parasitism, reproduction and sexual selection of roach, Rutilus rutilus L
Flavobacterium columnare in Finnish fish farming : characterisation and putative disease management strategies
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 2, Technical guidelines
Report of the fourth Session of the Regional Commission for Fisheries : Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudia Arabia, 7-9 May 2007.
Responsible use of antibiotics in aquaculture
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Fish smoking and drying : the effect of smoking and drying on the nutritional properties of fish
Classical cooking : the modern way : methods and techniques
Food safety regulations applied to fish by major importing countries
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Rainbow cuisine : a culinary journey through South Africa
Post-harvest losses in small-scale fisheries : case studies in five sub-Saharan African countries
Ecotoxicological testing of organic chemicals on early life stages of salmonid fish at environmentally realistic temperatures
International cooperation with the Nansen Programme : report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Gambia, 2-11 May 2006 = Coopération internationale avec le Programme Nansen : Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des Petits Pélagiques au large de l'Afrique Nord-occidentale : Banjul, Gambie, 2-11 mai 2006.
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
Private standards and certification in fisheries and aquaculture : current practice and emerging issues
The importance of securing a safe and wholesome food supply is receiving more attention than ever before. Although the fish industry has been at the forefront of implementing food quality and safety regulations and programmes, the availability and harmonization of scientific information related to the safety and quality of fishery products require improvement. And with increasing demands and higher standards facing the food industry, there is a growing need for special programmes to help developing countries implement new international instruments.
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Post-harvest fish loss assessment in small-scale fisheries : a guide for the extension officer
Sodium nitrite and potassium nitrate in control of nonproteolytic Clostridium botulinum outgrowth and toxigenesis in vacuum-packed cold-smoked rainbow trout
Reduced headspace volume of modified atmosphere packaged fresh salmon (Salmo salar L.) and cod (Gadus morhua L.) by use of a carbon dioxide emitter = Redusert frivolum ved bruk av ein karbondioksid-emitter under lagring av fersk laks (Salmo salar L.) og torsk (Gadus morhua L.) i modifisert atmosfære
Spatial and temporal variation in fish populations and assemblages in coastal waters of the northern Baltic Proper
Recruitment variability in vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), and its consequences for vendace harvesting
The bounty of the earth cookbook
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
Impacts of anthropogenic factors on fish community structure in Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Microbiology handbook : fish and seafood
A primer on risk assessment modelling : focus on seafood products
Marine foods : Symposium on "Marine Foods", International Foundation for the Promotion of Nutrition Research and Nutrition Education, Knokke, September 28-29, 1989 = Lebensmittel aus dem Meer
Microbiological quality of Finnish vacuum-packaged fishery products at retail level
Prevalence of Clostridium botulinum type E in Finnish vacuum-packed fishery products
This workshop examined past efforts to develop a regional cooperation mechanism for aquaculture development in the region, the main objective of the meeting being to reactivate an aquaculture cooperation network in the Americas. After agreeing that the network should be an intergovernmental entity, the countries elected Brazil as its initial host, with the mandate to conduct the elaboration of the network statutes and a plan of action for the short and medium terms and with the support of an executive secretary. The delegates of the participating countries subscribed a letter of intent, which ratifies their interest and commitment to establish an intergovernmental cooperation network for aquaculture, open to all countries of the Americas.--Publisher's description.
Game cookery
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Fish Trade : Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 3-5 December 2003.
The effects of a mixture of effluent chemicals on subcellular endpoints in three-spined sticklebacks (Gasterosteus aculeatus L.)
Microbiology of marine food products
Papers presented at the eighth session of the Indo-Pacific Fishery Commission Working Party on Fish Technology and Marketing, Yogjakarta, Indonesia, 24-27 September 1991.
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
Summary: Cold water disease in rainbow trout : case report and oxytetracycline residues after treatment.
The FAO Technical Cooperation Programme (TCP) Project TCP/BiH/3101 "Strengthening Aquaculture Health Management", implemented between late 2006 and mid-2009, was aimed at increasing the effectiveness and efficiency of the State Veterinary Office of Bosnia and Herzegovina on aquatic animal health management to support sustainable and healthy aquaculture production of the country. In this way, Bosnia and Herzegovina will improve the value and efficiency of aquaculture production through the implementation of international aquatic animal health and food safety standards, especially those of its trading partners in Europe. The project developed national policies on aquatic animal health and strengthened the capacity of veterinary administration, inspectors, laboratories and producers in improving compliance with international health and food safety and quality requirements and practices. The project also assisted in disseminating the lessons learned to neighbouring trading partners in order to promote future regional cooperation in aquaculture and aquatic animal health management. This publication, one of the major documentation outputs of the above TCP, contains a series of seven contributed papers that were presented by national consultants and international experts to participants attending the series of workshops organized by the project. These papers contain information on: (i) project overview and highlights of implementation; (ii) development of national policy and strategy for aquaculture; (iii) European Union animal health requirements for aquacultured animals and their products; (iv) status of national aquaculture development; (v) aquatic animal health surveillance and disease control system in Bosnia and Herzegovina; (vi) national health status of aquatic animals and (vii) aquacultured fish and fishery product quality and safety in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Salmon : international chefs' recipes
Functional properties of visual pigments using A1 and A2 chromophore : from molecules to ecology
Thermal responses of inward and delayed rectifier potassium channels in fish cardiac myocytes
Microbial ecology of food commodities
Processing aquatic food products
Adenosine triphosphate breakdown products as a freshness indicator of some fish species and fish products
