http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9084 work researchers
work researchers
How to develop children as researchers : a step-by-step guide to teaching the research process
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Managing research
PhD candidates and the research process : the library contribution
Promoting research integrity in a global environment / editors: Tony Mayer, Nicholas Steneck
The investigation
Letters from the field 1925-1975
Fashions in science : opinion leaders and collective behavior in the social sciences
Co-production of scientific knowledge : research collaboration between countries, universities and individuals
Art and artifact in laboratory science : a study of shop work and shop talk in a research laboratory
School-based research : a guide for education students
Masters of sex. The complete first season
Who is the historian?
Building a research career
An introduction to the study of ethics in science and scientific research, this book covers: science and ethics; ethical theory and applications; science as a profession; standards of ethical conduct in science. Objectivity in research is considered as well as ethical issues in the laboratory. Actual case studies include: Baltimore Affair; cold fusion; Milikan's oil drop experiments; human and animal cloning; Cold War experiments; strategic defence initiative; the Challenger accident; and tobacco research.
Research training : present & future
Approaches to research : a handbook for those writing a dissertation
Beyond the dream : a search for meaning
Evaluation of research fields : scientists' views
Fieldwork among the Maya : reflections on the Harvard Chiapas Project
Practitioner-researcher partnerships : building knowledge from, in, and for practice
A diary in the strict sense of the term
The English-speaking world
H is for hawk
Merchants of doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
Doctoral student engagement : the dynamic interplay between students and scholarly communities
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Academic Finns abroad : challenges of international mobility and the research career
Researcher roles & research partnerships
Multidisciplinary research on teaching and learning
The global competition for talent : mobility of the highly skilled
Tutkija elää : essays on academic practice in Finnish and English
Professionals out of work
Subject librarians : engaging with the learning and teaching environment
Dynamics of change in research work : constructing a new research area in a research group
How to succeed as a scientist : from postdoc to professor
Renewing research practice
Women's studies is a rapidly expanding field with a tremendous growth in the number of London courses available. As a result of this there has been increasing debate about the nature of feminist research. Can a specifically feminist methodology be identified? Which research methods are most appropriate in feminist work? What is the difference between a feminist approach and other forms of scholarship.; "Researching Women's Lives" explores these issues by focusing on the dynamics of doing research, rather than engaging in a theoretical discussion about research techniques. Feminists are now involved in exploring a whole range of wider issues concerned with practical, political and ethical matters in undertaking research. In addition to issues such as violence, sexuality, political activity and popular culture, contributors also examine the impact of race, class, sexual orientation and age.
Good reason : essays dedicated to Risto Hilpinen
Making sense of senses : interview with Dorothy Noyes
Results of the 2007 membership survey of the Finnish Union of University Researchers and Teachers
The ethnographic self : fieldwork and the representation of identity
Free radicals : the secret anarchy of science
Yemen chronicle : an anthropology of war and mediation
Research training networks : training and mobility of researchers programme 1994-1998
Considering the researcher as human being
Baltic school of researchers
Guidelines for the prevention, handling and investigation of misconduct and fraud in scientific research
Tutkijoiden eurooppalainen peruskirja : säännöstö tutkijoiden työhönotosta = The European charter for researchers : the code of conduct for the recruitment of researchers
The academic career handbook
Researching women's lives from a feminist perspective
Twenty names in medicine
The secret anarchy of science
Who is the historian? What do historians do? Where do their explorations take them? What is the impact of the digital age on historical research? In an affable style, Nigel A. Raab answers these questions for those intrigued by the past. Each chapter describes a specific aspect of "doing history," beginning in the physical spaces of archives and libraries around the globe. Readers are then introduced to the sources-texts, oral interviews, films, and objects-which historians interpret. Raab points out that historians do not work alone with their materials; rather, archivists, librarians, and others play a crucial role in what he calls the web of the historian's work. Readers will also learn about the skill set imparted to those pursuing a historical education. In the final chapter, Raab brings all these themes together to demonstrate the value of the historian in the contemporary world.
Critical journeys : the making of anthropologists
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
Evga Japan co-operation report : Ochanomizu research visit 2014
Advice to a young scientist
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Researching with integrity : the ethics of academic enquiry
Research on academic mobility : an overview, list of researchers and bibliography
Promotion and politeness : conflicting scholarly rhetoric in three disciplines
Summary.
The Chicago guide to your career in science : a toolkit for students and postdocs
An approach to the value of information : effectiveness and productivity of information use in research work
(Re)searching scientific careers
Academic research and researchers
Creative collaboration
Though all research is steeped in methodological and ethical quandaries, it is further complicated when a researcher crosses cultural borders. Given the increasingly multi-cultural nature of research populations and of recent global collaborations, researchers often find themselves working with those unlike themselves. Seventy cross-cultural researchers from multiple disciplines, from mainstream academia and from marginalized groups in six nations and four continents address the overarching question: 'How can one do cross-cultural research with integrity?' Author and researcher narratives comprise a substantial portion of the book; stories, many humorous, some heart-wrenching, some heart-warming, contextualize complex concepts and explore the richness that cross-cultural research and collaborations can bring to the researcher, to the knowledge base surrounding real world problems, and to those researched. These contextualized insights, covering all phases of the research process, allow the reader to inductively construct their own research beliefs and plans.
The long divine : Finnish-U.S. mobility and business studies
Life among Indian tribes : the autobiography of an anthropologist
Social science and the self : personal essays on an art form
Knowing everything about nothing : specialization and change in scientific careers
Successful research supervision : advising students doing research
Masters of sex. Season 3.
Guide for proposers and proposal form : Marie Curie training sites : Marie Curie development host fellowships
Genius logistics : occupational geographical mobility of Nobel Prize winners in science 1860-2005
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
The ethics of science : an introduction
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Finnish-American academic and professional exchanges : analyses and reminiscences
How to find information : a guide for researchers
The scientific attitude
Doing fieldwork in China with kids : the dynamics of accompanied fieldwork in the People's Republic
Doing cross-cultural research with integrity : collected wisdom from researchers in social settings
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Extraordinary anthropology : transformations in the field
Masters of sex. Season two
Artist as researcher : in between art and research
Grant information for researchers
H Is for hawk
Opportunities and Tensions in Public-Private Research Collaboration : the case of Finnish participation in EU research collaboration
"A fabulous resource for graduate advisors" Eric Mazur, Harvard University Successful Research Supervision offers a research-based practical framework for academics to be able to examine and further develop their effectiveness as research supervisors. Research supervisors working in all levels of higher education must ensure that their students gain efficiencies from working as part of an effective cohort and develop high levels of interdisciplinary understanding and critical thought. To impart these disciplines effectively is essential for any successful research supervisor. From helping researchers to begin to managing a project through to successful completion, this book guides the reader through a series of exercises to identify their individual strengths and weaknesses and then provides theoretically sound advice in a practical and easy to use format. Successful Research Supervision is full of examples of the best practice from outstanding scientists, social scientists and humanities supervisors from both the UK and the USA. This book will encourage and help academics to: - Expand their own repertoire and array of actions and responses, thus giving them the flexibility to meet different situations with ease and confidence - Identify the optimum combination of approaches to best fit individual students - Understand the influence of their own value and experiences in the choice of their approach to research students - Be able to choose the most appropriate combination of approaches for a particular curriculum or project - Employ a neutral language for developing and assisting others"--
