http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p908 inland water fishes
inland water fishes
Inland fisheries management in North America
Biologie et écologie des poissons d'eau douce africains = Biology and ecology of African freshwater fishes
Inland fisheries
Report of the fifteenth session of the committee for inland fisheries and aquaculture of Africa : Lusaka, Zambia, 9-11 December 2008 = Rapport de la quinzieme session du Comité des pêches continentales et de l'aquaculture pour l'Afrique : Lusaka, Zambie, 9-11 décembre 2008.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Small-scale Fisheries Management in Sub-Saharan Africa : Accra, Ghana, 12-14 December 2001.
Report of the twentieth Session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Praia do Carvoeiro, Portugal, 23 June - 1 July 1998.
Report of the twenty-seventh Session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Comission : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 24-26 October 2012.
Ryby presnyh vod Gruzii : atlas = Atlas of the freshwater fish of Georgia
Source book for the inland fishery resources of Africa. Vol. 3
Report of the twenty-third session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Wierzba, Poland, 26 May-2 June 2004.
Source book for the inland fishery resources of Africa. Vol. 1
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Tilapias as alien aquatics in Asia and the Pacific : a review
Report of the Tenth Session of the Sub-Committee for Lake Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambia, 28-31 October 2003 = Rapport de la Dixième Session du Sous-comité pour le Lac Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambie, 28-31 octobre 2003
Ecology of sympatric whitefish (Coregonus lavaterus (L.)) forms in a subarctic lake
Kalatalous aikasarjoina = Finnish fishery time series
Report of the Ninth Session of the Sub-Committee for Lake Tanganyika : Dar-es-Salaam, United Republic of Tanzania, 27-30 November 2001 = Rapport de la neuvième Session du sous-comité pour le Lac Tanganyika : Dar-es-Salaam, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 27-30 novembre 2001
Transfer of Chernobyl-derived 137Cs into fishes in some Finnish lakes
Freshwater fisheries management
Ecology of sympatric whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus (L.)) forms in a subarctic lake
Irish fisheries investigations. Series A, Freshwater
Factors affecting the development and structure of monogenean communities on cyprinid fish
International introductions of inland aquatic species
Feedback and population regulation by piscivory in Arctic charr Salvelinus alpinus and brown trout Salmo trutta
Report of the second Meeting of Regional Fishery Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 9-10 March 2009.
Report of the Pilot Workshop on the Application of Biotelemetry to Fish Studies for the Management of Inland Fisheries in West Africa : Sélingué, Mali, 29 January - 10 February 2001.
Determining the optimal release window for lake-stocked brown trout : interactions between release size, prey availability, predation risks and fishing mortality
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Report of the third Meeting of Regional Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 7-8 February 2011.
This technical paper presents the findings of a study on inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia. It discusses current policies and potential livelihood-enhancing policy interventions. The study was conducted in 2008 under a partnership between Portsmouth University, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO). The paper examines the evolution of the Central Asian fisheries sector, showing how it was one of - if not the most - acutely affected sectors by the deterioration in the economic environment after the collapse of the former Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics in 1991. Examples are given of livelihood or coping strategies that have evolved for those persons who currently derive an income from the sector. Three distinct groupings are highlighted in the examples presented: the Kazakh "fisher brigades" based on the North Aral Sea, the "community" fishers of Kyrgyz Republic and the pond culturalists of the Republic of Tajikistan. The livelihood strategies of each group and the particular constraints each group faces are documented. A concluding chapter identifies the prerequisites for more effective livelihood-supporting policy interventions within the fisheries sphere across the Central Asian republics.
Review of the state of world aquaculture
Iconografia dei pesci delle acque interne d'Italia = Iconography of Italian inland water fishes
The freshwater fishes of Europe. Vol. 2, Clupeidae, Anguillidae
An audit of inland capture fishery statistics : Africa
Source book for the inland fishery resources of Africa. Vol. 2
Guide to freshwater fish of Britain and Europe
Stock assessment in inland fisheries
Inland fisheries under the impact of irrigated agriculture : Central Asia
Handbook on small-scale freshwater fish farming
Proceedings of the second Nordic International Symposium on Freshwater Fish Migration and Fish Passage : evaluation and development : Reykjavík, Iceland, September 20-22, 2001
Report of the thirteenth session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Entebbe, Uganda, 27-30 October 2004 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité des pêches continentales pour l'Afrique : Entebbe, Ouganda, 27-30 octobre 2004
Report of the thirteenth session of the Joint EIFAC/ICES Working Group on Eels : Copenhagen, Denmark, 28-31 August 2001
Inland fisheries : ecology and management
Site selection and carrying capacities for inland and coastal aquaculture : FAO/Institute of Aquaculture, University of Stirling, Expert Workshop 6-8 December 2010, Stirling, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Report of the regional workshop on inland fisheries and aquaculture in Central Asia : status and development prospects, Beymelek, Turkey, 11-14 December 2007
The freshwater fishes of Europe. Vol. 9, Threatened fishes of Europe
Fisheries and aquaculture in Latin America and the Caribbean : situation and outlook in 1996
Report of the first special session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Commission : Rome, 27 October 2011.
The freshwater fishes of Europe. Vol. 1, pt. 2, General introduction to fishes acipenseriformes
The complete guide to freshwater fishing
Inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia : policy interventions and opportunities
Keys to larval and juvenile stages of coarse fishes from fresh waters in the British Isles
The Finnish inland fisheries system : the outcomes of private ownership of fishing rights and of changes in administrative practices
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
Report of the twenty-second session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-19 June 2002
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Freswater fishes of the world
Report of the Symposium on Inland Fisheries Management and the Aquatic Environment : the effects of fisheries management on freshwater ecosystems, Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-15 June 2002 : held in connection with the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission Twenty-second Session, Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-19 June 2002.
Report of the Twenty-sixth Session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission, Zagreb, 17-20 May 2010.
Assessment of freshwater fish seed resources for sustainable aquaculture
Review of the state of the world fishery resources : inland fisheries
Synopsis of biological data on the Tor mahseer Tor tor (Hamilton, 1822)
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 1, Synthesis report
Ecology of freshwaters : a view for the twenty-first century
Carp and pond fish culture : including Chinese herbivorous species, pike, tench, zander, wels catfish, goldfish African catfish and sterlet
Report of the third Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavongaa, Zambia, 26-27 October, 2006.
Assessment of comparative advantage in aquaculture : framework and application on selected species in developing countries
Assessment of inland water pollution using biomarker responses in fish in vivo and in vitro
Methods for assessment of fish production in fresh waters
Inland fisheries. 1, Rehabilitation of inland waters for fisheries
Organotin compounds in Norwegian fresh water fish
Report of the eight Session of the Sub-committee for Lake Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambie, 18-21 May 1999 = Rapport de la huitiéme session duSous-Comité pour le lac Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambie, 18-21 mai 1999
Diadromy in fishes : migrations between freshwater and marine environments
The fishes of Alaska
Many rivers, lakes and other inland waters have been modified and degraded by human activities. Rehabilitation of degraded systems are needed to preserve ecosystem services and fisheries and are of a high priority if the aquatic biodiversity of inland waters is to be conserved. This booklet provides guidelines examines technical solutions for rehabilitation, within the frame of responsible fisheries.--Publisher's description.
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Report of the sixth session of the Indo-Pacific fishery commission working party of experts on inland fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand, 17-21 October 1994 = Report of the regional symposium on sustainable development of inland fisheries under environmental constraints
Management of coregonid fisheries : multiform and multispecies problems
The freshwater fishes of Europe. Vol. 1, pt. 1, Petromyzontiformes
The role of compensatory processes in determining the yield from whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus L. s.l.) stocking in inland waters in northern Finland
Report of the twenty-fifth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Antalya, Turkey, 21-28 May 2008.
Report of the eleventh session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Abuja, Nigeria, 24-27 October 2000
Report of the Symposium on Water for Sustainable Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture : Praia do Carvoeiro, Portugal, 23 June - 1 July 1998
Report of the twenty-fourth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Mondsee, Austria, 14 - 21 June 2006.
Inland capture fisheries and aquaculture in the Republic of Uzbekistan : current status and planning
Determination of thermal conductivity of Malaysian patin fish
Fisheries and aquaculture in the Near East and North Africa : situation and outlook in 1996
Papers contributed to the regional symposium on sustainable development of inland fisheries under environmental constraints : Bangkok, Thailand, 19-21 October 1994 = Country reports presented at the Sixth session of the IPFC Working Party of Experts on Inland Fisheries : Bangkok Thailand, 17-21 October 1994.
Keys to the freshwater fish of Britain and Ireland, with notes on their distribution and ecology
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 2, Case studies
Inland fisheries evolution and management : case studies from four continents
Geographic information systems in fisheries management and planning
Review of fisheries and aquaculture development potentials in Armenia
Cold water fisheries in the trans-Himalayan countries
International trade in fishery products has increased, together with the absolute and relative importance of aquaculture, as a source of fish production. Shrimp and salmon are two examples of species grown in developing countries that are traded internationally. How successful a country is in competing against other producers depends in part on transport and on satisfying food standards, but also on its costs of production. Comparative advantage is a means of comparing relative costs and indicating the species and markets where there is the greatest likelihood of success. There are problems with estimating comparative advantage: the method can be static rather than dynamic and may not indicate long-run opportunities. However, it is a useful tool for planners who devise aquaculture strategies and for individual fish farmers. Two methods exist for estimating comparative advantage -- both have been applied to aquaculture. The domestic resource cost (DRC) method relies on production cost data to compare efficiency. Distortions may require the estimation of shadow prices to reflect true social opportunity costs but, when adjusted, the country that has the lowest DRC has a comparative advantage. The DRC method is dynamic, providing useful information to decision-makers; however, cost data may be difficult to obtain and shadow pricing is problematic. The second method is revealed comparative advantage (RCA) whereby comparative advantage is inferred from an ex post assessment of actual trade and specialization. From trade statistics, estimates are obtained to examine whether a country exports a species to a particular country more than to the rest of the world; if so, it is judged to have a comparative advantage in that particular market. The RCA method is more descriptive and has less predictive potential than the DRC approach but it has the advantage of data availability. This paper illustrates the concept of comparative advantage and some of its policy implications by presenting two case studies: the first one focuses on shrimp exporting countries while the second one is based on freshwater aquaculture production of carp, catfish and tilapia. The RCA method is used in both cases.
