http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9080 comparison
comparison
FAO yearbook. Fishery statistics. Capture production = FAO annuaire. Statistiques de pêches. Captures = FAO anuario. Estadísticas de pesca. Capturas
Overview of the 20 years of the Major Project of Education in Latin America and the Caribbean
The re-emergence of small enterprises : industrial restructuring in industrialised countries
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Baltico Mediterraneo : Italia e Finlandia a confronto = Baltic Mediterranean : Italy and Finland : a comparison
Trends in health status, services, and finance : the transition in Central and Eastern Europe. Vol. 1
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
Traditional and social media marketing comparison : case: the Coca-Cola Company
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Three countries - three profiles : facts and figures : meeteing of three prime ministers 10 october 2003, Finlandia hall, Helsinki
Estimated world requirements of narcotic drugs in ..
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
An international survey of book production during the last decades
Mineral facts and problems
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
It can't be true!. 2
Major import markets for builders' woodwork
Meritocratic education and social worthlessness
Arts and culture 1999.
Eat and drink
World population - turning the tide : three decades of progress
Unemployment and labour market flexibility : Sweden
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Procurement Domestically and Internationally : The Case of Companies A and B
IRM directory of statistics of international investment and production
Retrenchment in the American welfare state : the Reagan and Clinton administrations in comparative perspective
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
Eternal Treblinka : our treatment of animals and the holocaust
Islam, Christianity and the mystic journey : a comparative exploration
ICCS 2009 European report : civic knowledge, attitudes, and engagement among lower-secondary students in 24 European countries
Development of vocalizations in deaf and normally hearing infants
John's Gospel : the Coptic translations of its Greek text
Before the God in this place for good remembrance : a comparative analysis of the Aramaic votive inscriptions from Mount Gerizim
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
Advertising and constitutional rights in Europe : a study in comparative constitutional law
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
The world banana economy 1970-1984 : structure, performance and prospects
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
It can't be true!
Arts and culture 1999
Summary.
Soldier and peasant in French popular culture, 1766-1870
al-Naqd wa-al-iʼtimān fī al-duwal al-ʻArabīyah / Money and credit in Arab countries / Arab Monetary Fund
Good Knight, Bad Knight
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Development of airborne equipment to intensify world food production
The Scottish Parliament : a Scandinavian-style assembly?
TTI country reports
The extent of empirical evidence that could inform evidence-based design of programming languages : a systematic mapping study
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Jews, christians and muslims in encounter
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
World population prospects : the 2004 revision. Vol. 2, The sex and age distribution of the world population
Statistics on narcotic drugs for ..
Not peace but a sword : The great chasm between christianity and islam
USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes
Metal bulletin's prices & data book
The state of the world environment
Barometer of travel and tourism
Travel and tourism barometer
World media handbook
Contingent lives : fertility, time, and aging in West Africa
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Music style preference: a ranking of musical styles and comparison by age, gender, music training, and rural, suburban, or urban upbringing
Family doctors' journey to quality
Monthly bulletin of statistics
Yearbook of international commodity statistics
Iron and steel scrap : its significance and influence on further developments in the iron and steel industries
Minerals yearbook
Benchmarking : concept and practice: with particular reference to the finance function
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
BIS quarterly review
Global status report on alcohol and health
"Today the United Nations is more important than ever before" really? : analysis of the Finnish and Swedish communication styles in the General Debate of the United Nations General Assembly 1990-1999
World refugee survey
A comparative study of wine  auction prices : Mouton Rotschild Premier Cru Classé
USA’s market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : Comparison of events preceding the history’s greatest crashes
Population distribution and urbanization : ECA member states
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
Measuring counterparty credit risk under the revised Basel II framework
Pocket world in figures
Comparative philology and the text of the Old Testament
International yearbook of educational and training technology
Essays on competition in e-markets
World currency yearbook
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 1, Local races of sour cherry
The religious experience
What is special about enlarging the European Union towards  the east? : A comparison with the southern enlargement
Comparison of Public Construction Projects Between Brazil and Finland
World bulk trades
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Comparing results from different countries, subjects and grade levels
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Relational database systems : analysis and comparison
Abstract: Referendums and democracy.
E-retailers and their marketing practises : a study of Finnish electronics E-retailers that are listed on price comparison websites
Consumer Price Index
Mineral commodity summaries
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
Translating international achievement tests : translators’ view
With It Can't Be True 2! you will never see your jar of honey the same way again once you realise that it took 1,308 honey bees to make it. Or notice a small snail in your garden without thinking of the gargantuan Giant Ghana Snail with its 30cm long shell! The outstanding array of topics and amazing facts will satisfy all readers, comparing comets to Los Angeles and the weight of the global ant population to that of the human race. Cutting-edge visuals make the most astounding facts digestible, and bring the statistics to life!
Islam and the destiny of man
Balance of payments statistics
International fact & price book
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Latin America's left turns : politics, policies, and trajectories of change
Abstract: USA's market crashes of 1929 and 2008 : comparison of events preceding the history's greatest crashes. The objective of this research was to find out what were the differences between the events preceding market crashes of 1929 and 2008. The findings would serve the purpose of reminding everyone how these situations have developed until the impending crash and crisis. This should prove to be valuable help in the future when people are facing the same conditions again. The research's approach was a general historical view on the matter. Descriptive research methods were used to gather and analyze the data. Various sources from literature, articles, speeches, research papers and statistics databases were being used to compile the data. The research consists of macroeconomic theories, bubble theories, research data and conclusions. The results of the research were almost as expected. Not much had changed in 80 years in the financial sector's ability to not get drawn into self-caused crises. These events before the history's greatest crashes were different in their nature but contained all the same elements. Good future prospects combined with extraordinary profits because of financial innovation equalled an economic bubble. Many other aspects were the same also, such as lack of regulation. This means that more work should be done on the process of inflating bubbles in order to find ways to avoid the possible catastrophes caused by the bursting bubble. Professor Galbraith's words “As a protection against financial illusion or insanity, memory is far better than law.” held high importance in the research. It should be everyone's obligation to ponder and try to understand these financial aspects as they can cause great abundance, or great distress depending on what have been learned from the history. This research paper can be taken as a small step towards that goal and as a reminder of past.
General design principles and wind actions : comparison between the eurocode and the australian standards
Jesus and Muhammad : parallel tracks, parallel lives
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Comparative GDP levels : physical indicators, phase III
Abortion policies : a global review. Vol. 3, Oman to Zimbabwe
Science, technology and industry outlook 1996.
Yearbook of construction statistics
Experiences of crime across the world : key findings from the 1989 International Crime Survey
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
The world factbook
World outlook : forecasts of political and economic trends for... in over 165 countries
Antisymmetry and sign languages : a comparison between NGT and LIS
Emerging stock markets factbook
Historically planned economies : a guide to the data
The State of Food Insecurity in the World : meeting the 2015 international hunger targets : taking stock of uneven progress
Battery reference book : battery journals, trade organizations and conferences
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Labour relations in 18 countries
The value of comparison
Prospects for the world cocoa market until the year 2005
Comparison of short-wood forwarding systems used in Iberia
I wish I were a dog
Construction of foundations in Finland, compared to Belgium
What should you know about trademarks when doing business in Russia : Case - Project application for the Baltic Institute of Finland
Development of public Sauna in Finland and Germany: Analysis of the diversification driven by user needs, functional requirements and cultural demands
The market for fresh horticultural products in selected Gulf countries
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Statistical tables
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
Walk this world at christmas time : lift-the-flap
The origin and principles of the American Revolution, compared with the origin and principles of the French Revolution
Three testaments : Torah, Gospel, and Quran
Annual oil and gas statistics
Mesoscale modeling of the atmosphere
World migration
Cost-benefit analysis : concepts and practice
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
Exploring the experiences and conceptions of good teaching in higher education : development of a questionnaire for assessing students' approaches to learning and experiences of the teaching-learning environment
High performers : the secrets of successful schools
Standards and expectancies : contrast and assimilation in judgments of self and others
Implementation of IFRS in Finland and in the UK
FUEL CELLS IN ENERGY PRODUCTION
The world in figures
Global report on crime and justice
Commodity trade and price trends
What if... humans were like animals?
The end of state socialism in central and eastern Europe has opened up the opportunity to integrate western European countries with the former centrally planned economies.Besides the historical peculiarity of enlarging the European Union to the east, a comparison with the earlier southern enlargement comprising Greece, Portugal and Spain gives important insights into mechanisms and problems of geographically extending the Union.Aim of this paper is to explore the past experience of enlarging the EU referring to the economic situation of the applicants in comparison to the member countries and to the challenges to enlargement.In the knowledge of differences, lessons can be drawn from the southern enlargement for the upcoming enlargement towards the east. Keywords: EU enlargements, transition countries .
Population growth, structure and distribution : the concise report
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
Foundations of comparative politics : democracies of the modern world
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
Evaluating the impacts of mowing : a case study comparing managed and abandoned meadow patches
East and West in topsyturvydom
This book reflects on one of the most pressing challenges of our time: the current and historical relationships that exist between the faith-traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. It begins with discussion on the state of Jewish-Christian relations, examining antisemitism and the Holocaust, the impact of Israel and theological controversies such as covenant and mission. Kessler also traces different biblical stories and figures, from the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament, demonstrating Jewish-Christian contact and controversy. Jews and Christians share a sacred text, but more surprisingly, a common exegetical tradition. They also need to deal with some of the more problematic and violent biblical texts. Jews, Christians and Muslims includes reflection on the encounter with Islam, including topics associated with a divergent history and memory as well contemporary relations between the three Abrahamic faiths. Kessler's writings shed light on common purpose as well as how to manage difference, both vital in forming a positive identity and sustaining a flourishing community.
The state of world population
Comparison of Thermal Insulation Materials
From a tree to a stand in Finnish boreal forests : biomass estimation and comparison of methods
Poverty in transition?
Milk, milk products and egg balances in OECD member countries
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
A comparative financial analysis of cross-country skiing and ice hockey
Equal access to pharmaceutical care: a comparative study of legislation concerning medicinal products and pharmacies in Finland and Norway
International banking statistics 1977-1991
Monitoring of trends in socioeconomic inequalities in mortality : experiences from a European project
Buddhism and world culture
Defining skill variables between U16 national team and non-national team ice hockey players
Comparative world data : a statistical handbook for social science
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
SUBSTITUTION OF PLASTIC BAG BY JUTE BAG- CASE COMPANY REDQ : Support on Sustainable Environment
International historical statistics : the Americas 1750-1988
Heating Systems in Finland and China
Patterns of first marriage : timing and prevalence
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Energy balances of non-OECD countries
Clarification and comparison of cast in place and precast construction costs and schedules in Thailand using the BIM modeling
Business, politics, and society : an Anglo-American comparison
Comparison of Public Construction Projects between Brazil and Finland
Basic statistical data on selected countries : with populations of less than 5 million
Two sides of the coin : trust building as positive propaganda in the Finnish and French euro campaign
World employment
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Move and run
Flexibility in contracting
Work and family : an international research perspective
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
The world market for dairy products
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Differences in Developmental Art of Deaf Children and Hearing Children : a discovery of important differences in the art of deaf children when compared to the art of hearing children
Milk and milk products balances in OECD countries
International perspectives on elder abuse
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
The Gatekeepers : comparative immigration policy
Evaluation of biotechnology research utilisation in Finland
A statistical comparison of alternative identification schemes for monetary policy shocks
World fleet statistics
Tobacco control policy : strategies, successes, and setbacks
The health care dilemma : a comparison of health care systems in three European countries and the US
Abstract.
Approaches to resolving the international documentary letters of credit fraud issue
Direction of trade yearbook
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
The impact of revolution : a comparative analysis of Mexico and Bolivia
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Paper : European data book
Annual review of engineering industries and automation
Communal functions of social comparison
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
The world market for bovine meat
FAO yearbook. Fishery statistics : commodities
Entrepreneurship at a glance 2014
Demographic causes and economic consequences of population aging : Europe and North America
World commodity outlook. Food, feedstuffs & beverages
Elements of social security : a comparison covering : Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Germany, Great Britain, The Netherlands, Canada
The state of the world's refugees
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Just the right size : why big animals are big and little animals are little
The world's women : trends and statistics
A comparative calendar of the Iranian, Muslim Lunar, and Christian eras for three thousand years : (1260 B.H.-2000 A.H./639 B.C.-2621 A.D)
Supplement to the Bulletin of labour statistics
Industrial restructuring in selected countries in transition
Women : ...a world survey
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
The future of the book. Part 3, New technologies in book distribution : the United States experience
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
Comparing emergency medical services and paramedic education between Finland and England
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
The assessment of pupils' skills in english in eight european countries 2002 : a european project
Handbook of international trade and development statistics
Market analysis of Southern China : Why Finnair failed in Guangzhou and what should be learned
Battle hymn of the tiger mother
Commonwealth yearbook
The world until yesterday : what can we learn from traditional societies?
Major import markets for wooden household furniture
The social patterning of health, smoking and drinking in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Finland in 1994-2004
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Why America is not a new Rome
The steel market in ... and prospects for ..
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Comparison of optical coherence tomography, the pulsed photoacoustic technique, and the time-of-flight technique in glucose measurements in vitro
Basic education and literacy : world statistical indicators
World mineral production
In search of Christian freedom
Performance analysis of mMCSK-mMFSK modulation variants with comparative discussion
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
