http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9093 frames
frames
Designing and Assessing L2 Writing Tasks Across CEFR Proficiency Levels
The encyclopedia of picture framing techniques
The book of picture frames / by Claus Grimm : with a supplement on frames in America by George Szabo
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland: methods and estimations
Step by step compo and mold making / by R. F. Loeffler
GPS Tracker Data Analysis Platform
Plaster : creative plasterwork in 25 beautiful projects
The court sculptor Burchardt Precht and a sumptuous lion skin frame / Liisa Lindgren
"The art of the frame" : an exhibition focusing on American frames of the arts and crafts movement, 1870-1920/ Eli Willner & Company, Inc.
Picture framing : for the first time
The frame in America 1700-1900 : a survey of fabrication , techniques and styles : an exhibition at The Octagon Washington, D.C., July 19 - September 11, 1983 / William Adair
Fine picture frames : Christie's at 8 King Street, St. James's, London, 15 December 1992
Decorative wreaths and frames : CD-ROM and book
The art of framing
A history of European picture frames / Paul Mitchell and Lynn Roberts
Decorative frames
The book of picture frames
Freshman framer revisited : a notebook of basics for the beginning framer
Woodworker's guide to making traditional mirrors and picture frames
Conservation framing / by Vivian C. Kistler
How to make picture frames : 12 simple to stylish projects from the experts at American woodworker
The art and science of gilding : a handbook of information for the picture framer
Picture Framing : The art of picture framing in over 20 beautiful projects
Historic framing and presentation of watercolours, drawings and prints : proceedings of the Conference of Historic Framing and Presentation of Watercolours, Drawings, and Prints, June 1996
The mirror book : using reflective surfaces in art, craft, and design
Gold leaf application and antique restoration / Ellen Becker
The picture frame: an influential art form / Annelette Hamming
Frames and framing
Frames / Nicholas Penny
Picture framing : a practical guide from basic to Baroque
AWARE:a mobile context instrumentation middleware to collaboratively understand human behavior
The mirror book : English, American & European
Step by step compo and mold making
Picture Perfect Framing : Making ; Matting ; MOunting ; Embellishing ; Displaying & More
The American frame : from origin to originality
Picture framing made easy
The gilder's manual : a complite practical guide to gilding in all its branches : designed for all trades in which gilding is used : including silvering : together with picture framing, picture repairing, and much other useful information, valuable receip
The Court Sculptor Burchardt Precht and a Sumptuous Lion Skin Frame
Conservation framing
Altered! : art projects
The complete guide to picture framing : techniques, materials
Realtime Web Analytics
The Robert Lehman Collection : 13 : Frames / Timothy Newbery
Framing in the golden age : picture and frame in 17th-century Holland / Pieter J. J. van Thiel and C. J. de Bruyn Kops ; translated by Andrew P. McCormick
The practical picture framing handbook : how to create and decorate picture frames, with 100 projects shown step by step in over 900 stunning photographs
How to frame pictures for fun and for profit
Framing in the Golden Age : Picture and Frame in 17th-Century Holland
Gold leaf application and antique restoration
Frameworks : forms, function & ornament in European portrait frames
Antique American frames : identification and price guide / Eli Wilner with Mervyn Kaupman
How to make and decorate 30 fabulous picture frames : A practical and fun guide to making and personalizing a variety of picture frames with creative and stunning decorative effects
Making stained glass panels
Metaheuristics meet metamodels : a modeling language and a product line architecture for route optimization systems
The gilded edge : the art of the frame / edited by Eli Wilner
Art on paper : mounting and housing / edited by Judith Rayner, Joanna M. Kosek and Birthe Christensen
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Frames and framings : in the Ashmolean Museum
Picture framing : modern methods of making and finishing picture frames
Celtic alphabets : with borders and motifs
How to make and decorate 30 fabulous picture frames : a practival and fun guide to making and personalizing a variety of picture frames creative and stunning decorative effects
A change of taste : from the gilded age to the craftsman aesthetic : [featuring beaux arts and arts & craft frames from the Edgar Smith Collection] : [Julius Lowy  Frame & Restoring Company, New York, 24 January through 15 April 2011] / introduction by Larry Shar ; additional texts by Tracy Gill & Simeon Lagodich, Edgar Smith, and Lisa Wyer
Margins of errror
Frames revisited : masterpieces of Dutch portrait photography shown in antique frames from Frits Lugt Collection : the exhibition is presented at the Hôtel Turgot from 3 November till 18 December 2005 / concept and realisation: Willem van Zoetendaal
Russian jewelry art : the experience of revival of "The Faberge Russian jewelry school" traditions = Russkoje juvelirnoje iskusstvo : opyt vozrozhdenija traditsi russkoi juvelirnoi shkoly Karla Faberzhe
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF PICTURE FRAMING TECHNIQUES
Art nouveau frames and borders : CD-ROM & book
The conservation of the frame / Seppo Laakkonen
Postprints of the wooden artifacts group : presented at the 23rd Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation Saint Paul, Minnesota, June 1995.
Framing Russian art : from early icons to Malevich
Software architecture for low tier embedded product platform
Creative picture framing : a practical guide to making and decorating beautiful frames shown step by step in over 450 photographs
Adopting web framework in Web-application development
Non-traditional gilding techniques in gilded objects conservation : research into loss compensation water-gilded surfaces using synthetic polymers / Malgorzata Sawicki
Pictorial archive of decorative frames and labels : 550 copyright - free designs
Looking at European frames : a guide to terms, styles, and techniques / D. Gene Karraker
Stylish découpage : 15 step-by-step projects to dazzle and delight
Mounting methods
Grinling Gibbons and the art of carving : [a major exhibition at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, 1998] / David Esterly
Graphic frames
The $50 home makeover : 75 easy projects to transform your current space into your dream place - for $50 or less!
Creative craft workshop : over 100 practical and achievable step-by -step craft projects for every home, using simple paper, wood, fabric, mosaic, bead, painting and tinwork skills
Italian renaissance frames : the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, [June 5 - September 2, 1990] / Timothy J. Newberry, George Bisacca, Laurence B. Kanter
Iluraam - raami ilu : kataloog : [näitus Adamson-Ericu muuseumis] = Beautiful frame - frame's beauty : [exhibition at the Adamson-Eric Museum, 8.03. - 8.06.2008] / [katalogi koostajad = catalogue compiled by Alar Nurkse, Sirje Säär, Ülle Kruus]
Photofinish
The practical book of picture framing : how to make more than 100 classic and decorative frames
Conservation mounting for prints and drawings : a manual based on current practice at the British Museum / Joanna M. Kosek ; with contributions from Christina Angelo ... [et al.]
Painting & decorating frames
An introduction to picture framing
Lotus window : concentric rings structures for framing video narratives
Paper crafting beautiful : boxes, book covers & frames
The complete guide to rubber stamping : design and decorate gifts and keepsakes simply and beautifully with rubber stamps
Frames : state of the art : [Statens Museum for Kunst, Copenhagen, 8.3. - 7.9.2008] / Henrik Bjerre ; with contributions by Mogens Bencard ... [et al.] ; editor: Sven Bjerkhof
The right frame : a consideration of the right and wrong methods of framing pictures
Picture framing / by Vivian Carli Kistler
The art and history of frames : an inquiry into the enhancement of paintings
Matting, mounting and framing art
Lowy : the secret lives of frames : one hundred years of art and artistry / Deborah Davis
The rhetoric of the frame : essays on the boundaries of the artwork
Frameworks : form, function & ornament in European portrait frames / Paul Mitchell & Lynn Roberts
In perfect harmony : picture + frame 1850 - 1920 : [Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, 31 March - 25 June 1995 ; the Kunstforum, Wien, 24 August - 19 November 1995] / [the exhibition was organized by the Van Gogh Museum] ; Eva Mengden ... [et al.]
The art of the picture frame : artists, patrons and the framing of portraits in Britain
Framing the nineteeth century : picture frames 1837-1935 / John Payne
Sophisticated Ordering Tool for WRM Products
The art and history of frames : an inquiery into the enhancement of painting / by Henry Heydenryk
Picture framing / Rosamund Wright-Smith
Gilding and antique finishes
Framing photography : volume 6 of the library of professional picture framing
Framework : making your own frames
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
Development and analysis usability video tool by Prails web Framework
Framing photography / by Allan R. Lamb
Defining edges : a new look at picture frames / W. H. Bailey
Frames : over 20 decorative projects for the home
Picture framing : a complete guide
The picture framer's handbook
CEFLING: Combining Second Language Acquisition and Testing Approaches to Writing
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
In perfect harmony : picture and frame 1850-1920
The complete book of picture framing & decorative framework : the essential guide to making and decorating over 100 frames
Cornici dei Medici : la fantasia barocca al servizio del potere = Medici frames : baroque caprice for the Medici princes / Marilena Mosco
The complete guide to shadowboxes and framing objects / James Miller
Scroll saw : Picture frames
Gilded wood : conservation and history / general editors: Deborah Bigelow ... [et al.] ; content editor: Catherine E. Hutchins
Realization of Big Data Analytics Tool for optimization processes within the Finnish engineering company
Picture framing : a practical guide from basic to baroque / Desmond MacNamara
Userlutions GmbH is a young innovative company which specializes in testing and optimization of website and promotional product. Working as an ambition agency, combining a scientific and pragmatic approach, Userlutions GmbH starts with providing a great consulting and testing service at the good price to assist customer obtaining a maximum benefit. The most well-known product is the online usability test at web address: RapidUsertests.com which is one of the market leader usability testing tool, was published in 2010. In the autumn of 2013, Userlutions GmbH renovated and present various modules to response the demand of market. One of them is an analysis usability video tool that is used as the object of this thesis. It is commissioned to Userlutions GmbH, based in Berlin, Germany. The main purpose of the thesis is illustrating the developing process in order to meet the predefined requirements from Userlutions for its analysis usability video tool. The software development lifecycle, tools also have been explained to provide a clearly view of inside developing process from design to deployment. The major development tools are Prails web framework, various jQuery library and MySQL database. The theoretical part discusses about user-centered design which was has been applied in design analysis video tool. In addition, qualitative is the major research method included interview with client and market research. Books, digital articles, documentation on internet and advices of colleges and supervisor are used as the main resource of this paper. As the main results, the analysis usability video tool has been completed on time with the good feedback from client. Although there are some changes which have been made during project due to optimization reason, the final product responded all pre-defined requirements.
