http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p909 Persian language literature
Persian language literature
The Ruba'iyat of Omar Khayyam
Rubaáiyát of Omar Khayyam
Towards a Hāfiz bibliography
Missing Persians : discovering voices in Iranian cultural history
A literary history of Persia. [1], From the earliest times until Firdawsí
The wine of love : mystical poetry of Imām Khomeinī
The Ta'ríkh-i-jahán-gushá of 'Alá'u 'D-dín 'Atá Malik-i-juwayní (composed in A.H. 658=A.D. 1260).. Part 3, Containing the history of Mangú qá'án Húlágú and the Ismá'ílís
Quatrains of Khalilullah Khalili
Specimens of the popular poetry of Persia : as found in the adventures and improvisations of Kurroglou the bandit-minstrel of northern Persia and in the songs of the people inhabiting the shores of the Caspian Sea
The Gulistan (Rose garden) of Sa'di : bilingual English and Persian edition with vocabulary
Ardāy-Vīrāf Nāma : Iranian conceptions of the other world = Ardāy Wīrāf Nāma : riwāyat-i fārisī zarduštī
History of Persian literature from the beginning of the Islamic period to the present day
Obaidi : a Persian poet of nineteenth-century Bengal
A literary history of Persia. 2, Under Tartar dominion : (A.D. 1265-1502)
A literary history of Persia. 2 From Firdawsí to Sa'dí
Another birth : and other poems
Images of Afghanistan : exploring Afghan culture through art and literature
The big red book : the great masterpiece celebrating mystical love and friendship : odes and quatrains from the shams
Modern Persian reader
The Rose-garden of sheikh Muslihu'd-din Sadi of Shiraz
The Ta'ríkh-i-jahán-gushá of 'Alá'u 'D-dín 'Atá Malik-i-juwayní (composed in A.H. 658=A.D. 1260).. Part 1, Containing the history of Chingíz Khán and his successors
Classical Persian literature
Rubáiyát of Omar 'Khayyám
The world of Persian literary humanism
The conference of the birds : Mantiq ut-Tahir : a philosophical religious poem in prose
A literary history of Persia. Volume 4, Modern times (1500-1924)
Forugh Farrokhzad was born in Tehran in 1935 and died in a car crash at the age of 32. During her short, tumultuous life she was married and divorced; had a son, who was taken away from her; had love affairs; made an award-winning documentary film; adopted a child from a leper colony; and published several collections of poetry. In her writing as well as her lifestyle, she challenged female stereotypes and shocked the establishment, but her talent was unmistakable. Fiercely honest, insightful, and often wonderfully lyrical, her work has earned her a secure place in the thousand-year tradition of illustrious Iranian poets. This revised and updated edition of Another Birth and Other Poems, includes an introduction, letters, interviews, a timeline of Forugh's life and creative work, two essays analyzing her finest poems, and the Persian text of the poems on facing pages. Forugh Farrokhzad's poetry is as poignant today as it was half a century ago, when it scandalized Iranian society. This book brings into perspective the full evolution of Forugh's work, from introspective reflections on womanhood, love, and religion to broader visions of modern society as a whole.
The secrets of the self : (Asrar-i-Khudi) : a philosophical poem
Rūmī : poet and mystic
The Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám
Who is the Potter? : a commentary on the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam
Fifty poems of Ḥāfiẓ
The epic of the kings : Shah-nama, the national epic of Persia
Gulistān and Būstān
Three drops of blood and other stories
Persian poems : an anthology of verse translations
Hâfiz, master of Persian poetry : a critical bibliography : English translations since the eighteenth century
Women without men : a novel of modern Iran
Women in the Shāhnāmeh : their history and social status within the framework of ancient and medieval sources
Chahār Maqāla : the four discourses
The Ta'rìkh-i-jahán-gushá of 'Alá'u 'D-dín 'Atá Malik-i-juwayní (composed in A.H. 658=A.D. 1260).. Part 2, Containing the history of Khwárazm-sháh dynasty
A literary history of Persia. Volume 2, From Firdawsí to Sa'dí
Persian literary influence on English literature
The Ilāhī-Nāma : Book of God of Farīd al-Dīn ʻAṭṭār
The poems of Abu Sa'id Abu'l Kheyr
Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám : the astronomer-poet of Persia
Persian saws and proverbs
An introduction to Persian literature
Fatalism in Persian epics
Joseph and Zuleika
The Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám : the astronomer-poet of Persia
Mizra Fath Ali Akhundzadeh and literary criticism
The fragrance of the rose : the transmission of religion, culture, and tradition through the translation of Persian poetry
The essence of Rumi's Masnevi
Diwan of Bayram Khan
The Sháh Námeh of the Persian poet Firdausi
Iranian culture : a Persianist view
Iqbal's Gulshan-i Raz-i Jadid and Bandagi Namah
Sadeq Hedayat : the life and legend of an Iranian writer
A literary history of Persia. Volume 3, Under Tartar dominion (1265-1502)
History of Iranian literature
The feats of the knowers of God = Manāqeb al-ʻarefīn
What should then be done o' people of the East : English rendering of Iqbāl's pas chic bayad kard ay aqwam-i sharq
Nation and novel : a study of Persian and Kurdish narrative discourse
The structure of Rūmī's Mathnawī : (new interpretation of Rūmī's Mathnawī as a book for love and peace, book one)
Modern Persian prose literature
Masnavi i ma'navi : the spiritual couplets of Maulána Jalálu-'d-Dín Muhammad i Rúmí
A literary history of Persia. [2], From Firdawsí to Sa'dí
The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam
Critical perspectives on modern Persian litterature
Poems of Hafiz
An abridged version of Farídún : a story taken from the Sháhnáma of Firdausi
Sadeq Hedayat : the life and literature of an Iranian writer
The Cyrus legend in the Šāhnāme
Understanding Near Eastern literatures : a spectrum of interdisciplinary approaches
The Gulistan : or Rose garden
A history of Persian literature. Vol. 1, General introduction to Persian literature
A literary history of Persia. 4, In modern times : (A.D. 1500-1924)
Nāser-e Khosraw's Book of travels : (Safarnāma)
A rebirth : poems
Varjojen ääni = The voice of shadows
A literary history of Persia. 1, From the earliest times until Firdawsí
The Book of Wisdom : All I am
Proceedings of the All India Seminar on Ferdowsi and his Shahnameh : held on 9th - 11th November 2001.
The poetry of Nizami Ganjavi : knowledge, love, and rhetoric
The Gulistan : or Rose garden of Sa'di
Make a shield from wisdom : selected verses from Nāṣir-i Khusraw's Dīvān
The quatrains of 'Omar-i Khayyām : Persian text taken from the two newly discovered oldest manuscripts with an English prose version
Dictionary of Indo-Persian literature
