http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9099 neopaganism
neopaganism
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
Paganism is rapidly becoming a religious, creative, and political force internationally. It has found one of its most public expressions in popular music, where it is voiced by singers and musicians across rock, folk, techno, goth, metal, Celtic, world, and pop music. With essays ranging across the US, UK, continental Europe, Australia and Asia, 'Pop Pagans' assesses the histories, genres, performances, and communities of pagan popular music. Over time, paganism became associated with the counter culture, satanic and gothic culture, rave and festival culture, ecological consciousness and spirituality, and new ageism. Paganism has used music to express a powerful and even transgressive force in everyday life. 'Pop Pagans' examines the many artists and movements which have contributed to this growing phenomenon.
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
Witchcraft today : an encyclopedia of Wiccan and neopagan traditions
The problem of invented religions
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
Voices from the pagan census : a national survey of witches and neo-pagans in the United States
Modern Paganism in world cultures : comparative perspectives
Individual belief and practice in neopagan spirituality
Researching paganisms
New age and neopagan religions in America
The cultural products of new religions and spiritualities are frequently ignored or dismissed within academia, often stemming from a hesitation to acknowledge these movements as genuine. This volume explores the impact of new religions upon cultural production, exemplifying the theological and spiritual principles of particular movements and demonstrating their substantial impact on wider society. Contributions explore the realms of music, architecture, food, art, books, films, video games, and more. This scholarship will be of interest to those who wish to explore the gamut of modern religious expression, and those who wish to broaden their knowledge of the spiritual origins of human culture.
Nordic neoshamanisms
Nine worlds of seid-magic : Ecstacy and neo-paganism in North European paganism
The Routledge companion to religion and popular culture
The pagan writes back : when world religion meets world literature
A new history of witchcraft : sorcerers, heretics & pagans
Contributors include: Joseph Azize, Chiara Baldini, Lauren Bernauer, Anthony Blake, Liselotte Frisk, Kennet Granholm, Christopher Hartney, Graham Harvey, Graham Hassall, Jay Johnston, Jenny McFarlane, Elisha McIntyre, Milad Milani, Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, Rod Pattenden, David Pecotic, Johanna Petsche, Adam Possamai, Alphia Possamai-Inesedy, Jason Prior, Eric Repphun, Stephen D. Ricks, David G. Robertson, Bettina E. Schmidt, Justin Snider, Graham St John, Michael F. Strmiska, Mona Suhrbier, Jaap Timmer, Garry W. Trompf, and Benjamin E. Zeller.
Dreaming the dark : magic, sex and politics
Paganistan : contemporary pagan community in Minnesota's twin cities
The resurgence of religiosity in post-communist Europe has been widely noted, but the full spectrum of religious practice in the diverse countries of Central and Eastern Europe has been effectively hidden behind the region's range of languages and cultures. This volume presents an overview of one of the most notable developments in the region, the rise of Pagan and "Native Faith" movements. Modern Pagan and Native Faith Movements in Central and Eastern Europe brings together scholars from across the region to present both systematic country overviews - of Armenia, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovenia, and Ukraine - as well as essays exploring specific themes such as racism and the internet. The volume will be of interest to scholars of new religious movements especially those looking for a more comprehensive picture of contemporary paganism beyond the English-speaking world.
Subcultures and new religious movements in Russia and East-Central Europe
Handbook of magic & witchcraft
From the days of the earliest Paleolithic cave rituals, magic has gripped the imagination. Magic and magicians appear in early Babylonian texts, the Bible, Judaism, and Islam. Secret words, spells, and incantations lie at the heart of nearly every mythological tradition. But for every genuine magus there is an impostor. During the Middle Ages, religion, science, and magic were difficult to set apart. The Middle Ages also saw the pursuit of alchemy which led to a fascination with the occult, Freemasonry, and Rosicrucianism. The turn of the twentieth century witnessed a return to earlier magical traditions, and today, magic means many things: contemporary Wicca is practiced widely as a modern pagan religion in Europe and the US; “magic” also stretches to include the nonspiritual, rapid-fire sleight of hand performed by slick stage magicians who fill vast arenas. This book is packed with authoritative text and a huge and inspired selection of images, some chosen from unusual sources, including some of the best-known representations of magic and the occult from around the world spanning ancient to modern times.
Wicca : a guide for the solitary practitioner
Possession, power and the new age : ambiguities of authority in neoliberal societies
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Handbook of new religions and cultural production
The witches' goddess : the feminine principle of divinity
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Wicca and the Christian heritage : ritual, sex, and magic
Pop pagans : paganism and popular music
Wicca and the Christian heritage : ritual, sex and magic
Between satan and Harry Potter : Legitimating wicca in Finland
Drawing down the moon : witches, Druids, goddess-worshippers, and other pagans in America today
Crafting contemporary Pagan identities in a Catholic society
Contemporary paganism in Finland
In the first book to consider the study of world religion and world literature in concert, Zhange Ni proposes a new reading strategy that she calls "pagan criticism," which she applies not only to late twentieth- and early twenty-first-century literary texts that engage the global resurgence of religion but also to the very concepts of religion and the secular. Focusing on two North American writers (the Jewish American Cynthia Ozick and the Canadian Margaret Atwood) and two East Asian writers (the Japanese Endō Shūsaku and the Chinese Gao Xingjian), Ni reads their fiction, drama, and prose to envision a "pagan (re)turn" in the study of world religion and world literature. In doing so, she highlights the historical complexities and contingencies in literary texts and challenges both Christian and secularist assumptions regarding aesthetics and hermeneutics. In assessing the collision of religion and literature, Ni argues that the clash has been not so much between monotheistic orthodoxies and the sanctification of literature as between the modern Western model of religion and the secular and its non-Western others. When East and West converge under the rubric of paganism, she argues, the study of religion and literature develops into that of world religion and world literature.
The esoteric milieu in Finland today
The nature of magic : an anthropology of consciousness
The enlightenment : an interpretation. [2], The science of freedom
Egaltarian utopias and conservative politics : veche as societal ideal within rodnoverie movement
Post-materialist religion : pagan identities and value change in modern Europe
The religious life of dress : global fashion and faith
Cyberhenge : modern Pagans on the Internet
A pagan testament : the literary heritage of the world's oldest new religion
The Paganism reader
Anne Fedele offers a comprehensive ethnography of alternative pilgrimages to French Catholic shrines dedicated to Saint Mary Magdalene. Drawing on more than three years of extensive fieldwork, she describes how pilgrims from Italy, Spain, Britain, and the United States interpret Catholic figures, symbols, and sites according to spiritual theories and practices derived from the transnational Neopagan movement. Fedele pays particular attention to the life stories of the pilgrims, the crafted rituals they perform, and the spiritual-esoteric literature they draw upon. She examines how they devise their rituals; why this kind of spirituality is increasingly prevalent in the West; and the influence of anthropological literature on the pilgrims. Among these pilgrims, spirituality is lived and negotiated in interaction with each other and with textual sources: Jungian psychology, Goddess mythology, and "indigenous" traditions merge into a corpus of theories and practices centered upon the worship of divinities such as the Goddess, Mother Earth, and the sacralization of the reproductive cycle. The pilgrims' rituals present a critique of the Roman Catholic Church and the medical establishment and have critical implications for contemporary discourses on gender. Looking for Mary Magdalene is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in ritual and pilgrimage.
Nordic Neoshamanisms proposes that the drive for religiosity and experiences of the sacred are far from lost in contemporary western societies. However, the spiritual quest in Nordic countries comes in some very surprising and innovative forms which make it necessary to rethink the relationship between the religious and the secular world. The contributors do just this by focusing on the mechanisms of contemporary shamanism in these contexts. The contributors' objective is to explore the myriad of ways late modern shamanism is becoming more vital and personally significant to people, communities, and economies in Nordic countries. This book intends to survey how the field of modern shamanism is entwined with the political, the social and the popular in this area of the world. Drawing on case studies of particular persons, groups and institutions, well-known historians of religion and folklorists discuss how modern shamanism can be said to contribute to self-knowledge, identity, and community life in Northern European countries.
Witches of America
The Oxford handbook of new religious movements
The illustrated guide to witchcraft : the secrets of wicca and paganism revealed
The Times world religions
Modern Satanism : anatomy of a radical subculture
Wiccapedia : a modern-day white witch's guide
Earthly bodies, magical selves : contemporary pagans and the search for community
Religious statues and personhood : testing the role of materiality
Invented religions have been described as modern religions which advertise their invented status and reject traditional strategies of authorisation. But what does it mean for a religious formation to be 'made up', and how might this status affect perceptions of its legitimacy or authenticity in wider society? Based in original fieldwork and archival sources, and in the secondary literature on invented and constructed formations, this volume explores the allure of, as well as the limits of, the invention of religion. Through a series of case studies, the contributors discuss strategies of mobilization and legitimation for new traditions at their point of emergence, as well as taking issue with simplistic interpretations of the phenomenon which neglect wider cultural and political dimensions. This book was originally published as a special issue of Culture and Religion.
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
The enlightenment : an interpretation. [1], The rise of modern paganism
Conceptualizations of fascism and anti-fascism on rodnoverie Internet forums
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Looking for Mary Magdalene : alternative pilgrimage and ritual creativity at Catholic shrines in France
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
Drawing down the moon : witches, druids, goddess-worshippers, and other pagans in America today
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
Neoyazychestvo or rodnoverie? : reflection, ethics and the ideal of religious tolerance in the study of religion
American heathens : the politics of identity in a pagan religious movement
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
The triumph of the moon : a history of modern pagan witchcraft
Druids : a very short introduction
Maiden, mother, crone : the myth and reality of the triple goddess
Modern ritual magic : the rise of western occultism
Postmodern spirituality : based on papers read at the Symposium on Postmodern spirituality held at Åbo, Finland on 11-13 June 2008
The Oxford handbook of new religious movements. Volume II
Modern pagan and native faith movements in Central and Eastern Europe
"Religion and popular culture is a fast-growing field that spans a variety of disciplines. This volume offers the first real survey of the field to date and provides a guide for the work of future scholars. It explores: key issues of definition and of methodology religious encounters with popular culture across media, material culture and space, ranging from videogames and social networks to cooking and kitsch, architecture and national monuments the representation of different religious traditions within the media and popular culture, mainly in the West but also including important non-western spheres such as Bollywood. Students will find the Companion an enjoyable and informative resource, whilst scholars will find it a stimulus to future work in the field"--
The occult, witchcraft & magic : an illustrated history
Speaking the sacred : rodnoverie ritual as a religious language
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 3, Metaphysical, New Age, and neopagan movements
Gods of the blood : the pagan revival and white separatism
New generation witches : teenage witchcraft in contemporary culture
Imagining the supernatural north
Neo-pagan sacred art and altars : making things whole
Introduction to pagan studies
Rethinking the sacred : proceedings of the Ninth SIEF Conference in Derry 2008
New religions emerge as distinct entities in the religious landscape when innovations are introduced by a charismatic leader or a schismatic group leaves its parent organization. New religious movements (NRMs) often present novel doctrines and advocate unfamiliar modes of behavior, and have therefore often been perceived as controversial. NRMs have, however, in recent years come to be treated in the same way as established religions, that is, as complex cultural phenomena involving myths, rituals and canonical texts. This Companion discusses key features of NRMs from a systematic, comparative perspective, summarizing results of forty years of research. The volume addresses NRMs that have caught media attention, including movements such as Scientology, New Age, the Neopagans, the Sai Baba movement and Jihadist movements active in a post-9/11 context. An essential resource for students of religious studies, the history of religion, sociology, anthropology and the psychology of religion.
Listening people, speaking earth : contemporary paganism
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
Paganism, traditionalism, nationalism : narratives of Russian Rodnoverie
Handbook of contemporary Paganism
The Cambridge companion to new religious movements
Witching culture : folklore and neo-paganism in America
Contemporary rodnoverie : invention of tradition or reclaiming the tradition? : a religion of "one's" own
Truth or dare : encounters with power, authority, and mystery
New directions in the European fantastic
Pagan theology : paganism as a world religion
Nature and religion revisited contemporary paganism as a case study
Desirable God? : our fascination with images, idols, and new deities
Interlacing identities, agencies and resources
