http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9098 oil plants
oil plants
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Physic nut : Jatropha curcas L.
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Jessenia and Oenocarpus: neotropical oil palms worthy of domestication
Seed technology and its biological basis
The vegetable oils and fats industry in developing countries : outlook and perspectives
Crops for industry : a practical guide to non-food and oilseed agriculture
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2002-2009 = Results of official variety trials 2002-2009
Effect of phenolic-rich plant materials on protein and lipid oxidation reactions
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2005-2012 = Results of official variety trials 2005-2012
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Biodiesel Power : The passion, the people, and  the politics of the next renewable fuel
Key pests and their parasitoids on spring and winter oilseed rape in Estonia
10th International Rapseed Congress, 26. - 29. Sept. 1999, Canberra, Australia, abstract book : new horizons for an old crop
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
Diseases of tropical and subtropical field, fiber and oil plants
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Designer oil crops : breeding, processing and biotechnology
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Biocontrol-based integrated management of oilseed rape pests
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Chemical composition of a commercial oil of Ravensara aromatica Sonn. used in aromatherapy
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
Proceedings of the 1st International symposium on olive growing, Córdoba (Spain) 26-29 September 1989
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Food protein from grains and oilseeds : a development study projected to 1980
Regulation of oil biosynthesis and the metabolism of medium chain fatty acids in developing oil seeds
World commodity outlook 1988 : food, feedstuffs & beverages
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Biological control of oilseed rape pests with entomopathogenic nematodes
CAP working notes : 1995. Arable crops : cereals, oilseeds, protein plants
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Purification and characterization of phospholipase A[sub 2] from plants
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Transgenic crops. 1
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1992-1999 = Results of official variety trials 1992-1999
Volatile oil crops : their biology, biochemistry and production
The new Oxford book of food plants
Glucosinolates in rapeseeds : analytical aspects : proceedings of a Seminar in the CEC programme of research on plant productivity, held in Gembloux (Belgium), 1-3 October 1986
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Proceedings of the international symposium on Asian plants with unique horticultural potential : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
The great sunflower book : a guidebook with recipes
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1990-1997 = Results of official variety trials 1990-1997
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Oilseed sector profile
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
Rapeseed : Cultivation, composition, processing and utilization
TLC method for evaluation of free radical scavenging activity of rapseed meal by video scanning technology
The economics of oil palm
Influence of sowing depth on emergence and development of cruciferous oil crops
Utilization of tropical foods: tropical oil-seeds
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
The control of insect pests in oil seed rape : deltamethrin file
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Infrared drying of herbs
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Olive Growing : Valenzano, Italy, 25-30 September
Flax : the super food
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Analysis of oilseeds, fats and fatty foods
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Report on the oil seeds and oils in the India Museum, or produced in India
Seed production : principles and practices
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Oil plants in Ethiopia, their taxonomy and agricultural significance
Linseed law : a handbook for growers and advisers
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Recent advances of research in antinutritional factors in legume seeds and oilseeds : proceedings of the Fourth International Workshop on Antinutritional Factors in Legume Seeds and Oilseeds, Toledo, Spain, 8-10 March 2004
Rapeseed : chemistry and technology
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Olive Growing : Évora, Portugal, September 9-13, 2008
Field crop diseases handbook
Physiochemical studies on African oil bean (Pentaclethra macrophylla Benth.) seed
DNA markers in genetic analysis of rapeseed (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus
Fats & oils in Canada : annual review = Les corps gras au Canada : revue annualle. 1986.
Bailey's industrial oil and fat products. Volume 1, Edible oil and fat products: general applications
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
Selection for low [alpha]-linolenic acid content in spring turnip rape
Australian field crops. Vol. 2, Tropical cereals, oilseeds, grain legumes and other crops
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Trial results 1985 of the Hankkija plant breeding institute = Koetuloksia 1985
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Classification, origin, diffusion and history of the olive
Protein sources for the animal feed industry : Expert Consultation and Workshop, Bangkok, 29 April - 3 May 2002.
Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the Fourteenth Crucifer Genetics Workshop and Fourth ISHS Symposium on Brassicas : Daejeon, Korea, October 24-28, 2004
Palm oil consumption effects on urinary excretions of phytoestrogens and estrogenic steroids
Oil crops of the world : their breeding and utilization
Indo-Swedish collaborative research programme on cruciferous oilseeds 1977-1991
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
Oil Milling, The Crushing and Extracting Processes Applied to Oil-seeds : A Unilever Educational Booklet
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 14, Vegetable oils and fats
Recent advances of research in antinutritional factors in legume seeds and oilseeds : proceedings of the ... International Workshop on Antinutritional Factors in Legume Seeds and Oilseeds
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Oilseed rape book : a manual for growers, farmers and advisers
Oils of nature
Biodiesel : growing a new energy economy
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
Genes and enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of triacylglycerol in plants and yeast
Proceedings of the Olive Trends Symposium "From the Olive Tree to Olive Oil : New Trends and Future Challenges" : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Growing Food  : A Guide to Food Production
Absolute advantages of Finnish agriculture : why not commercialised?
Preservation and storage of grains, seeds and their by-products : cereals, oilseeds, pulses and animal feed
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2000-2007 = Results of official variety trials 2000-2007
Industrial crops and products
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Oilseed crops
Plant-available boron in soils and the boron requirement of spring oilseed rapes
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
