http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9097 turnip rape
turnip rape
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Rapeseed oil in ruminants diet : its effect on rumen metabolism and animal performance
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
Effects of rapeseed oil on serum lipoproteins and plasma fatty acids : comparison of strictly and partially controlled human dietary interventions
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Efficacy of imazamox in imidazolinone-resistant spring oilseed rape in Finland
Winter turnip rape in mixed cropping : advantages and disadvantages
Analysis, isolation, and bioactivities of rapeseed phenolics
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
10th International Rapseed Congress, 26. - 29. Sept. 1999, Canberra, Australia, abstract book : new horizons for an old crop
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Use of rapeseed and pea grain protein supplements for organic milk production
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Turnip rape and oilseed rape allergy in children with atopic dermatitis
Managing interactions in hierarchial ecological systems : a case study with oilseed rape
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Dietary fatty acids and hemostasis : effects of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids on platelet function and coagulation in healthy subjects
Impact of extraction method on the antioxidant activity of rapeseed phenolics
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Biocontrol of oilseed rape pests
Effect on concentrate crude protein level on grass silage intake, milk yield and nutrient utilisation by dairy cows in early lactation
Enzyme-aided recovery of protein and protein hydrolyzates from rapeseed cold-press cake
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Ecological impact assessment of using the fungi Metarhizium anisopliae and Beauveria bassiana for pest control in oilseed rape
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Biocontrol of the pollen beetle in rapeseed : which strategy?
TLC method for evaluation of free radical scavenging activity of rapseed meal by video scanning technology
In vitro pollen culture and the regeneration of Brassica campestris L. plants
Production, isolation and characterization of bioactive peptides with antihypertensive properties from rapeseed and potato protein
Pathogens of oilseed rape pests
The control of insect pests in oil seed rape : deltamethrin file
Plasma and lipoprotein lipid peroxidation in humans on sunflower and rapeseed oil diets
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Impact of isolation method on the antioxidant activity of rapeseed meal phenolics
Organic farming of rapeseed in Finland : ecological basis and first experiences
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Biotechnological improvement in crop breeding : study of androgenic and somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration in turnip rape, timothy and rye
Abundance, species composition and daily pattern of bees visiting field bean, goat's rue and turnip rape in southern Finland
The influence of honeybee pollination on turnip rape (Brassica campestris) yield and yield components
Rapeseed : chemistry and technology
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Molecular markers for progression of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin
DNA markers in genetic analysis of rapeseed (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus
International symposium on integrated pest management in oilseed rape, 3rd-5th April 2006, Paulinerkirche, Göttingen : proceedings
Foliar application of glycinebetaine and physiological response in tomato and turnip rape
Selection for low [alpha]-linolenic acid content in spring turnip rape
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Typhula betae Rostr. on winter turnip rape
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Digestion capacity, nutrient digestibilities and physico-chemical conditions in the intestine influenced by the age of growing turkeys
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Oilseed rape book : a manual for growers, farmers and advisers
Quality of supplementary feed protein for growing cattle
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
Replacement of dietary fats : effects on serum lipids and plasma fatty acid composition with special emphasis on the metabolism of essential fatty acids
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) : the significance of gene flow through pollen transfer
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Lubricity additive from renewable resources for low lubricity diesel fuels
MASTER: Management strategies for Europen rape pests - a new EU Project
Rapeseed and canola oil : production, processing, properties and uses
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Natural enemy conservation for the integrated control of the rape blossom beetle Meligethes aeneus F.
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
Rapeseed meal as a supplementary protein for dairy cows on grass silage-based diet, with the emphasis on the Nordic AAT-PBV feed protein evaluation system
