http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9102 sorting
sorting
Near Infrared Spectroscopy as non-destructive method for sorting viable, petrified and empty seeds of Larix sibirica
As the world gets more industrialized and its population rises, the question of waste management becomes more and more relevant every day. The issues concerning solid waste management are global, and operators in different fields need to take responsibility for the waste that their operations create.     This final thesis presents a new waste management plan for the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere. Valio Ltd is the leading dairy product manufacturer in Finland and it employs directly and indirectly about 30 000 persons (Valio Oy 2015a, 2015b). Nearly 80 of these employees are working in the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere.  The work for this thesis was done between January and May 2015. The main focus points of the waste management reform in the warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere are the reduction of mixed waste and energy waste, and better recovery of the recyclable materials. The new plan is based on reducing the size of the waste bins and locating them close to where the waste is produced. Well-functioning waste management releases space and resources for other operations at the warehouse.    The materials that were used as source information for the new waste management plan were literature such as legislation and the waste-handling guidelines of the Tampere Regional Solid Waste Management Company. Several discussions with the employees and management of Valio Ltd. Tampere, as well as a questionnaire on the target group's recycling habits provided input for the new waste management plan.    According to the findings of this thesis, it seems that training employees and organizing their work environment so that recycling is made easy will lead to the wanted results. In this case, the results were better recovery of recyclable materials and minimization of the amount of waste being disposed of in rubbish dumps.  The new waste management plan has been successfully implemented at the warehouse, and the maintenance of waste collection points is functioning properly. The aim of the thesis was to create a well-functioning waste management plan for the Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse, and that aim has been achieved, and completed on schedule.      The public version of this thesis does not contain the layout of the warehouse (Appendix 4), and the annual amount of waste generated at the warehouse.     Key words: waste management plan, recycling, source separation.
Modelling sawn timber volume and strength development at the individual tree level - essential model features by the example of Douglas fir
Mineral reference manual
Rubbish & recycling
We designed a streamlined timber growth and quality model that aims at the effect of stand management on the efficiency of wood resource use. Applying the R based module toolbox to experimental plots of Douglas fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii [Mirb.] Franco) we analysed essential model features for reflecting the influence of planting density on board strength. The current version realistically predicted a significant increase of centre board bending strength at tree age 40 with initial stand density. Model performance gained clear advantage from a) parameterisation of height to diameter allometry as dependent on planting density b) consideration of cambial age and cross‑sectional knot area in board strength computation. Crown shape was less decisive. The model produced a significant effect of planting density even after a whole rotation period of 70 years as well as a realistic spectrum of board bending strength.
The glitz and the garbage
Single seed Near Infrared Spectroscopy discriminates viable and non-viable seeds of Juniperus polycarpos
Bag-of-features approach to unsupervised visual object categorisation
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
The significance of social and economic development of garbage classification and recycling processes
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life by reducing your waste
Mineral processing technology : an introduction to the practical aspects of ore treatment and mineral recovery
An Investigation on Managing the Recovery of Hazardous Household Waste in Rustenburg, South Africa : A Preliminary Operational Plan of Pilleri II
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Postharvest Science : Jerusalem, Israel, 26-31 March, 2000
Potential of strength grading of timber with combined measurement techniques : report of the Combigrade-project : phase 1
Polymer recycling : science, technology and applications
Design and evaluation of an optical scanner based log grading and sorting system for Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) sawlogs
The essential differences of Nordic Timber Grading Rules and instructions for the grading of export timber
Traditional and novel treatments for prostate cancer : discoveries at the molecular level
Work continues to develop better systems
Make garbage great : the terracycle family guide to a zero-waste lifestyle
Integrated solid waste management : a life cycle inventory
Harware imolementation of recursive sorting algorihms using tree-like structures ans HFSM models
In-place algorithms for sorting problems
Glycosylation and sorting of secretory proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Development of the pressure screen foil
Characterisation of wood properties for improved utilisation of Norway and Scots pine
A look at different ways to manage waste including methods of disposal, waste handling and transport, and other waste management concepts
Solid waste management in the world's cities : water and sanitation in the world's cities 2010
Sorting data : collection and analysis
ECE recommended standards for stress grading and finger-jointing of structural coniferous sawn timber
Design for children : the future of chinese garbage classification
Hospital emergency response teams : triage for optimal disaster response
A guide to green revolution : proper waste management
Summary.
A prediction model prototype for estimating optimal storage duration and sorting
Wills' mineral processing technology : an introduction to the practical aspects of ore treatment and mineral recovery
Postharvest technology of horticultural crops
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life
A guide to sustainable developments : waste management
Nordic timber : grading rules for pine and spruce sawn timber : commercial grading based on evaluation of four sides of sawn timber
Sorting of raw materials with fuzzy clustering = Sortering av råvarer ved bruk av fuzzy clustering
Environmental management systems and certification
Scanning technology and process optimization : advances in the wood industry
Crisis standards of care : summary of a workshop series
The McGraw-Hill recycling handbook
Sorting in hierarchical memories
Summary: Waste and local environment.
Junkyard planet : travels in the billion-dollar trash trade
Evaluation of Customer-Produced Waste in Pirkanmaa Region Rax Buffet Restaurants
Innovative waste management products : European market survey
Sorting and processing of neutrophil granule proteins
Earth-friendly waste management
Probabilistic analysis of sorting algorithms
An approach for evaluating the effects of source separation on municipal solid waste management
Waste management in Rustenburg Local Municipality during 2010 FIFA World CupTM : a preliminary waste management plan
Variation in tracheid cross-sectional dimensions and wood viscoelasticity : extent and control methods
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Municipal solid waste management : processing, energy recovery, global examples
Where do garbage trucks go? : and other questions about ... trash and recycling
Nordic timber : grading rules for pine and spuce sawn timber (Pinus silvestris) (Picea abies) : Commercial grading based on evaluation of the four sides of sawn timber
Primary wood processing : principles and practice
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland : Molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Primary wood processing : principles and  practice
Waste and recycling
An introduction to data structures and algorithms with Java
A large quantity of non-viable (empty, insect-attacked and shriveled) seeds of Juniperus polycarpos (K. Koch) is often encountered during seed collection, which should be removed from the seed lots to ensure precision sowing in the nursery or out in the field. The aims of this study were to evaluate different modelling approaches and to examine the sensitivity of the change in detection system (Silicon-detector in the shorter vis-a-vis InGsAs-detector in the longer NIR regions) for discriminating non-viable seeds from viable seeds by Near Infrared (NIR) spectroscopy. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed by Partial Least Squares - Discriminant Analysis (PLS-DA) and Orthogonal Projection to Latent Structures - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA) using the entire or selected NIR regions. Both modelling approaches resulted in 98% and 100% classification accuracy for viable and non-viable seeds in the test set, respectively. However, OPLS-DA models were superb in terms of model parsimony and information quality. Modelling in the shorter and longer wavelength region also resulted in similar classification accuracy, suggesting that prediction of class membership is insensitive to change in the detection system. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed coat chemical composition, mainly terpenoids that were dominant in non-viable seeds and storage reserves in viable seeds. In conclusion, the results demonstrate that NIR spectroscopy has great potential as seed sorting technology to upgrade seed lot quality that ensures precision sowing..
Log sorting plants
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
Waste management plan for Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse
Producer responsibility and supplementary transport of municipal packaging waste : case: Päijät-Häme waste management region
Sustainable solid waste management
Larix sibirica Ledeb. is one of the promising timber species for planting in the boreal ecosystem; but poor seed lot quality is the major hurdle for production of sufficient quantity of planting stocks. Here, we evaluated the potential of Near Infrared (NIR) Spectroscopy for sorting viable and non-viable seeds, as the conventional sorting technique is inefficient. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed with Orthogonal Projections to Latent Structure - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA). The computed model predicted the class membership of filled-viable, empty and petrified seeds in the test set with 98%, 82% and 87% accuracy, respectively. When two-class OPLS-DA model was fitted to discriminate viable and non-viable (empty and petrified seeds combined), the predicted class membership of test set samples was 100% for both classes. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable (petrified and empty) and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed moisture content and storage reserves. In conclusion, the result provides evidence that NIR spectroscopy is a powerful non-destructive method for sorting non-viable seeds of Larix sibirica; thus efforts should be made to develop on-line sorting system for large-scale seed handling..
Nitrogen nutrient recovery from solid waste
Market share in cruise business increasing : Evac and ZENON announce cooperation on marine waste treatment
Ion mobility spectrometry in liquid analysis
