http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9106 listening
listening
This text, firmly grounded in listening theories and supported by recent research findings, offers a comprehensive treatment of concepts and knowledge related to teaching second language (L2) listening, with a particular emphasis on metacognition. The metacognitive approach, aimed at developing learner listening in a holistic manner, is unique and groundbreaking. The book is focused on the language learner throughout; all theoretical perspectives, research insights, and pedagogical principles in the book are presented and discussed in relation to the learner. The pedagogical modela a combination of the tried-and-tested sequence of listening lessons and activities that show learners how to activate processes of skilled listeners a provides teachers with a sound framework for students' L2 listening development to take place inside and outside the classroom. The text includes many practical ideas for listening tasks that have been used successfully in various language learning contexts.
The other side of language : a philosophy of listening
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
Bella the storyteller
Pattern recognition by humans and machines. 1, Speech perception
How to listen : an intermediate course in listening skills
The ark of speech
Zero decibels : the quest for absolute silence
Can anybody hear me?
Counselling skills for dummies
The musical timespace. Vol. 1, A theory of music listening
Body language for management in a week
Get started in classical music : [start enjoying the great composers]
Are you really listening? : keys to successful communication
French guaranteed
The listener's guide to country music
Arthur's dream boat
Oral tradition today : an introduction to the art of storytelling
Beyond the read aloud : learning to read through listening to and reflecting on literature
Are you really listening? : keys to succesful communication
Sound : a very short introduction
This is your brain on music : the science of a human obsession
Effective listening skills
The wisdom of listening
Towards a comprehensive theory of musical emotions : a multidimensional research approach and some empirical findings
Perception of basic emotions in clinical improvisations : an experimental study
Listening to young children : the Mosaic approach
Second language listening : theory and practice
Natural sound
Listening publics : the politics and experience of listening in the media age
Through music to the self : how to appreciate and experience music anew
Face to face : the small-group experience and interpersonal growth
More time to think : the power of independent thinking
Listening in language learning
Promotive activities in technology-enhanced learning : the impact of media selection on peer review, active listening and motivational aspects
Thank goodness for Bob
Listening is now regarded by researchers and practitioners as a highly active skill involving prediction, inference, reflection, constructive recall, and often direct interaction with speakers. In this new theoretical and practical guide, Michael Rost and JJ Wilson demonstrate how active listening can be developed through guided instruction. With so many new technologies and platforms for communication, there are more opportunities than ever before for learners to access listening input, but this abundance leads to new challenges: how to choose the right input, how to best use listening and viewing input inside and outside the classroom. how to create an appropriate syllabus using available resources Active Listening explores these questions in accessible prose, basing its findings on a theoretical framework that condenses the most important listening research of the last two decades. Showing how to put theory into practice, the book includes fifty activities, and links each one to relevant research principles. Sample audio recordings are also provided for selected activities, available online at the series website www.pearsoned.co.uk/rostwilson.
Rhinos don't eat pancakes
Organizational listening : the missing essential in public communication
Teaching and learning second language listening : metacognition in action
Coughing and clapping : investigating audience experience
Messages : the communication skills book
Don't just do something, sit there : an introduction to non-directive coaching
The public speaker/the public listener
Intentional interviewing and counseling : facilitating client development in a multicultural society
Auditory demonstrations
Active listening
How to talk so kids will listen & listen so kids will talk
Everyday music listening : absorption, dissociation and trancing
Ear training for the body : a dancer's guide to music
Listening : a pastoral style
Listening : attitudes, principles, and skills
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Communication : principles for a lifetime
The art of listening
Communication in everyday life
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Get results with NLP
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Language and the pursuit of happiness : a new foundation for designing your life, your relationships & your results
Communicating : a social, career and cultural focus
Music : the art of listening
Sound : an acoulogical treatise
Living with time to think : the goddaughter letters : because they can think for themselves
Listening : it can change your life : a handbook for scientists and engineers
Sound is integral to how we experience the world, in the form of noise as well as music. But what is sound? What is the physical basis of pitch and harmony? And how are sound waves exploited in musical instruments? In this book Mike Goldsmith looks at the science of sound and explores sound in different contexts, covering the audible and inaudible, sound underground and underwater, acoustic and electric, and hearing in humans and animals. He also considers the problem of sound out of place - noise and its reduction.
Native listening : language experience and the recognition of spoken words
The sounds of radio : on radio as an auditive means of communication
Music as mood regulation in adolescence
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
The listening self : personal growth, social change and the closure of metaphysics
Communication
Speaking & listening in multilingual classrooms
Enables students of many backgrounds to master basic skills in a step-by-step fashion, thereby rapidly empowering them to use listening and influencing skills as they conduct full interviews.
The neural basis of Western music chord categorisations : effects of development and music expertise
Training in interpersonal skills : TIPS for managing people at work
Updated in the 5th edition, Brownwell's, Listening: Attitudes, Principles, and Skills takes an experiential approach to listening instruction, providing extensive applications and cases within the context of a sound theoretical framework. Students develop an understanding of the listening process and gain powerful listening skills within the unifying theoretical framework of the HURIER model. The fifth edition continues to explore the impact of culture, technology, and globalization, and raises timely ethical questions to promote readers' consideration of the responsibilities associated with listening in today's complex world.
Classic tunes and tales : ready-to-use music listening lessons and activities for grades K-8
Listening to spoken English
The lost art of listening : how learning to listen can improve relationships
Listening in everyday life : a personal and professional approach
Reading stories with young children
Perspectives on listening
Kind of blue : emotions experienced in relation to nominally sad music
We are inhabitants of a culture that knows how to speak but not how to listen. Against a tradition that has endorsed the power of discourse, where warring monologues are mistaken for genuine dialogue, Gemma Corradi Fiumara examines and reveals the other side of language - listening.
The victor book of the symphony
Experiencing jazz : a listener's companion
This highly-regarded introduction to communication book offers a comprehensive blend of basic communication theory, research, and skills, with a strong emphasis on relationship communication (social), workplace (career), and intercultural communication (culture). Communicating introduces the basic principles of communication and applies them to interpersonal, group, interviewing, and public speaking contexts. The book stresses communication competence through boxed material, Learn by Doing activities, thought-provoking questions, and self-assessment tests. New and strengthened pedagogy highlights and reinforces the book's social, career, and cultural themes, with a particular emphasis on intercultural communication and communicating in an increasingly high-tech, global environment.
Profitable food service management : thru counselling and intercommunications
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Brain mechanism of selective listening reflected by event-related potentials
Learning to listen to learn : using multi-sensory teaching for effective listening
Auditory archaeology : understanding sound and hearing in the past
Listening behavior : measurement and application
Listening and human communication in the 21st century
A study into the neural processing of natural music in the brains of musicians and non-musicians by means of magnetoencephalography
What lies beneath KIVIKASA and what is sound art? : KIVIKASA as a step to understand sound art and sound art as a way to understand KIVIKASA
Teaching and researching listening
Difficult conversations : how to discuss what matters most
The art of listening : dialogue, shame, and pastoral care
The graphic facilitator's guide : how to use your listening, thinking & drawing skills to make meaning
Memory, space, sound
Supportive communication in Finnish men's friendships
The dynamics of musical expectancy : cross-cultural and statistical approaches to melodic expectations
Spanish guaranteed
Using talk to support writing
This text introduces students to interpersonal, small group, and public communication. In addition, the 9th edition contains new material on technology in communication, personal listening styles, deceptive communication, informative speaking, and an expanded section on cumulative effects theory in the media.
Communicating with one another : toward a psychology of spontaneous spoken discourse
Listen hear! : 25 effective listening comprehension strategies
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Understanding human communication
Fundamentals of human communication : social science in everyday life
Unlocking speaking and listening
Introducing music
Event-related brain potentials during selective listening : selection of relevant stimuli
An introduction to the psychology of hearing
Here is the news : predicting listening performance for news texts = Hier is het nieuws : het voorspellen van luisterprestaties voor nieuwsteksten
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
Music : a design for listening
Generalization of conditioned GSRs in dichotic listening
Commentary : between listening and understanding
Speech processing and auditory processing disorders : causes, diagnosis, and treatment
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art? "Everyday Music Listening" is the first book to focus in-depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethnology and evolutionary psychology suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art. The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences; yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening-does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support an individual perception of psychological health. This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
On music
Brain integrative function driven by musical training during real-world music listening
IMPROVe : enabling the conditions for a heightened perception of the environment
Top tips from the baby wisperer for toddlers  : secrets to raising happy and cooperativa toddlers
Why don't we listen better? : communicating & connecting in relationships
Listening to music
Foucault's voices : toward the political genealogy of the auditory-sonorous
Winnig with difficult people
What to listen for in music
The figure of the singer
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play
Every song ever : twenty ways to listen to music now
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Modelling and prediction of perceptual segmentation
Critical listening skills for audio professionals
Human listening : processes and behavior
Experiences of music listening and music therapy in acute stroke rehabilitation
Communicating for results : a guide for business and the professions
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Performative listening : hearing others in qualitative research
All you have to do is listen : music from the inside out
Understanding Human Communication
