http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9103 segregation
segregation
A simple protein extraction method for proteomic studies on olive leaves
Four stages of emotion differentiation in an emotionally influenced process of composing
Bag-of-features approach to unsupervised visual object categorisation
The ESRI guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 2 : Spatial measurements & statistics
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
Cortical processing of speech and non-speech sounds in autism and Asperger syndrome
Graphene from graphite by chemical and physical techniques
How race is made : slavery, segregation, and the senses
Mineral processing technology : an introduction to the practical aspects of ore treatment and mineral recovery
Cortical multi-attribute auditory discrimination deficits and their amelioration in dyslexia
Ionic liquid mediated biomass deconstruction : from analysis challenges to fermentable sugars
Spatio-temporal differentiation and integration in visual motion perception : an experimental and theoretical analysis of calculus-like functions in visual data processing
Bias and causation : models and judgment for valid comparisons
Separation of Molecules, Macromolecules and Particles : principles, phenomena and processes
Middle school mediocrity : quality and inequality in secondary education
Reiterating a massacre : Sharpesville and after
Handbook of separation process technology
(+)-Dehydroabietylamine based chiral solvating agents for the enantiomeric discrimination of carboxylic acids in NMR spectroscopy
Development of new methods for miniaturized separation techniques
Determination of decomposition products of flotation collector chemicals using capillary electrophoresis
Extraction of clove using pressurized hot water
Statistics for imaging, optics, and photonics
The souls of black folk : essays and sketches
Harware imolementation of recursive sorting algorihms using tree-like structures ans HFSM models
Equality of educational opportunity
Separation methods for waste and environmental applications
Differential diagnosis for the dermatologist
Development of the pressure screen foil
Borderlands and frontiers in Africa
Newborns' discrimination of durational changes in phonemes and tones : an event-related brain potential study
The African American roots of modernism : from Reconstruction to the Harlem Renaissance
Extraction optimization in food engineering
Optimum design of path symbols on maps
E-waste recycling : proposal plan for Rustenburg city
Pitch discrimination in optimal and suboptimal acoustic environments : electroencephalographic, magnetoencephalographic, and behavioral evidence
Fractionation of thermomechanical pulp in pressure screening : an experimental study on the classification of fibres with slotted screen plates
The discontinuous discontinuity of race and racism
Liquid separations with membranes : an introduction to barrier interference
An improved Amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) protocol for discrimination of Listeria isolates
Differentiation and purification of human pluripotent stem cell-derived neuronal and glial cells : graft designing for spinal cord injury repair
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
Auditory perceptual learning in musicians and non-musicians : event-related potential studies on rapid plasticity
Sound discrimination in left-hemisphere stroke patients with aphasia as reflected by mismatch negativity (MMN) and behavioural indices
Dissociation in argumentative discussions : a pragma-dialectical perspective
Race : antiquity and its legacy
Pressure filtration characteristics of enzymatically hydrolyzed biomass suspensions
Robust speech recognition with spectrogram factorisation
Auditory duration discrimination in children with reading disorder, attention deficit or both
Education, justice, and cultural diversity : an examination of the Honeyford affair, 1984-85
Neural nets in print quality control
"Sensory intelligence" in the auditory cortex : brain responses to native and non-native phonetic stimuli
Material analysis by x-ray diffraction
Mauritania : the other apartheid?
Standing fast : the autobiography of Roy Wilkins
Rethinking social distinction
Do cell phones cause cancer? Can a new curriculum increase student achievement? Determining what the real causes of such problems are, and how powerful their effects may be, are central issues in research across various fields of study. Some researchers are highly skeptical of drawing causal conclusions except in tightly controlled randomized experiments, while others discount the threats posed by different sources of bias, even in less rigorous observational studies. Bias and Causation presents a complete treatment of the subject, organizing and clarifying the diverse types of biases into a conceptual framework. The book treats various sources of bias in comparative studies—both randomized and observational—and offers guidance on how they should be addressed by researchers. Utilizing a relatively simple mathematical approach, the author develops a theory of bias that outlines the essential nature of the problem and identifies the various sources of bias that are encountered in modern research. The book begins with an introduction to the study of causal inference and the related concepts and terminology. Next, an overview is provided of the methodological issues at the core of the difficulties posed by bias. Subsequent chapters explain the concepts of selection bias, confounding, intermediate causal factors, and information bias along with the distortion of a causal effect that can result when the exposure and/or the outcome is measured with error. The book concludes with a new classification of twenty general sources of bias and practical advice on how mathematical modeling and expert judgment can be combined to achieve the most credible causal conclusions. Throughout the book, examples from the fields of medicine, public policy, and education are incorporated into the presentation of various topics. Six detailed case studies illustrate concrete examples of the significance of biases in everyday research.
Independent filters for color separation
Remote sensing : models and methods for image processing
Handbook of statistics. Vol. 2, Classification pattern recognition and reduction of dimensionality
Towards optimal fractionation of lignocellulosic biomass using switchable ionic liquids
An inescapable network of mutuality : discursivity and ideology in the rhetoric of Martin Luther King, Jr
Comparative study of hospital waste management and separation at site : case study of Tampere University hospital in Tampere, Finland and Muhimbili National hospital in Dar-es-Salam, Tanzania
The neural basis of Western music chord categorisations : effects of development and music expertise
The social atom : why the rich get richer, cheaters get caught, and your neighbor usually looks like you
Processing of oat dietary fibre for improved functionality as a food ingredient
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
"The analysis of social distinction cannot indefinitely remain confined to logics of reasoning that are markedly ethnocentric. To understand many manifestations, past and present, of superiority, we need to do more than just apply the allegedly ubiquitous schemes of Veblen or Bourdieu. The time for abstract universalising grand theories is over. What is required instead is an inductive approach which starts from the realities of an ever more global field and aims at developing models of interpretation that are sensitive to the whole array of observable attitudes. This book, which is a follow up to the critical enterprise initiated in The Sociology of Elite Distinction, provides new foundations for the comparative study of this important subject. It is a must-read for social scientists and beyond." --Publisher's description.
Comparison of Ultrafiltration and Size-Exclusion Chromatography Performances for Proteins Desalination
"This important resource bridges the gap between imaging, optics, and photonics, and statistics and data analysis. The text contains a wide range of relevant statistical methods including a review of the fundamentals of statistics and expanding into multivariate techniques. The techniques are explained in the context of real examples from remote sensing, multispectral and hyperspectral imaging, signal processing, color science, and other related disciplines. The book also emphasizes intuitive and geometric understanding of concepts. The topics that are most relevant to imaging, optics, and photonics applications are covered thoroughly. In addition, supplemental topics are discussed to provide an overview of when and how the methods can be used".
Nitrogen nutrient recovery from solid waste
Slave patrols : law and violence in Virginia and the Carolinas
Ion mobility spectrometry in liquid analysis
Speech discrimination in newborns as revealed by mismatch negativity (MMN)
The Plessy case : a legal-historical interpretation
