http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9117 reduction (chemistry)
reduction (chemistry)
A short course on reduction : 8-9 April 2008, POHTO, Oulu
Genesis and evolution of brittle structures in southwestern Finland and western South Africa : insights into fault reactivation, fluid flow and structural maturity in Precambrian cratons
Principles of organic synthesis
Oxidized LDL lipids as a risk factor for atherosclerosis
Electron and proton transfer in NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (Complex I) from Escherichia coli
Introduction to chemical principles
Stability of Ni-YSZ composites for solid oxide fuel cells during reduction and re-oxidation
Spatial and temporal variability in the use of nitrate by fiel-layer plants in Swedish forests
Exhaust gas emissions, e.g. nitrogen oxides (NOx), hydrocarbons (HCs) and carbon monoxide (CO), are harmful to human health and the environment. Catalysis is an efficient method to decrease these emissions. Unfortunately, the fuels and lubricant oils may contain chemical impurities that are also present in exhaust gases. Thus, catalytic materials with high activity and chemical resistance towards impurities are needed in the abatement of exhaust gas emission.In this thesis, the aim was to gain new knowledge about the effects of chemical impurities on the behaviour and activity of the catalysts. To find out these effects, the impurities existing in the exhaust gas particulate matter after combustion of biofuels and fossil fuels were analysed. The studied zeolite (ZSM-5), cerium-zirconium mixed oxides (CeZr and ZrCe) and silicon-zirconium oxide (SiZr) based catalysts were also treated with impurities to simulate the poisoning of the catalysts by, e.g. potassium, sodium, phosphorus and sulphur, using gas or liquid phase treatments. Several characterization techniques were applied to find out the effects of impurities on catalysts' properties. The activity of catalysts was tested in laboratory-scale measurements in CO and HC oxidation and NOx reduction using ammonia (NH3) and hydrogen (H2) as reductants.The results revealed that the CeZr based catalysts had a high activity in NOx reduction by NH3 and moderate activity by H2. Sulphur was proven to enhance the activity of CeZr catalysts in NOx reduction. This is due to an increase in chemisorbed oxygen after the sulphur treatment on the catalyst surface. Instead, in HC and CO oxidation reactions, sulphur had a negligible impact on the activity of the SiZr based diesel oxidation catalyst. Thus, both CeZr and SiZr based catalysts can be utilized in exhaust gas purification when sulphur is present. ZSM-5 based catalysts were proven to be resistant to potassium and sodium. Alternatively, the activity of SiZr based catalysts decreased due to phosphorus. Thus, the removal of biomaterial-based impurities from the exhaust gases is needed to retain high catalyst activity in the exhaust gas after-treatment system.
Graphene from graphite by chemical and physical techniques
The potential of biogenic hydrogen, methane and hydrogen sulphide production from cellulosic plant material
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Macroscale and microscale organic experiments
Green chemistry and catalysis
Novel and powerful lanthanide(II) reagents : synthetic advances and mechanistic considerations
The effect of minor oxide components on reduction of iron ore agglomerates
Standard methods for the examination of water and wastewater
Chemical processes for environmental engineering
Latest developments in direct reduction technology
Incredible anaerobes : from physiology to genomics to fuels
MIN : the new simplicity in graphic design
Abstract.
Evaluation of conditions for fermentation of fish offal
The effects of Fe(III) and other alternative electron acceptors on methane biogeochemistry in boreal lake sediments
Organic chemistry
Familial aggregation of LDL oxidation
Abstract: Isolation of DNA of sulfate-reducing bacteria and detection with qPCR  Mercury can be found in Finland's soil, and it is toxic for most microbes. There are microbes, which have resistances for mercury. Sulfate-reducing bacteria occur in polluted soil and even cells contain mercury. Sulfate-reducing bacteria can modify mercury to methyl mercury, which is more toxic than elemental mercury. Methyl mercury like mercury can accumulate to upwards in the food chain.    Finnish Forest Research Institute studies how whole-tree harvesting and stem-only har-vesting impacts on the mobilization of mercury and methyl mercury from drained peatland forests. For research eight peatlands from two different soils were chosen, half located on black schistsoil and other half on rock. Both four series of peatlands included one control site, one stem-only harvesting and two whole-tree harvesting peatlands.    The thesis focuses on sulfate-reducing bacteria contained in swamps that were known to include mercury. Impacts of sample depth, soil and harvesting to sulfate-reducing bacte-ria's concentration were studied. First total-DNA was isolated, and then DNA was purified with PEG-precipitation because of high inhibition. With 16S rRNA primers sample's DNA was confirmed in PCR. Next PCR was performed with specific dsrA primers to study sul-fate-reducing bacteria. Final concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria was detected with qPCR.    Sulfate-reducing bacteria were found on most of the samples in different depths, but the highest occurrence was in deeper layers of soil. The result was logical, because most sulfate-reducing bacteria are anaerobic and like to live in the interface of anaerobic and aerobic. Rich soil contained clearly higher concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria than poor one. Stem-only harvesting had lower concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria than whole-tree harvesting due to alteration of soil's composition.    The ability on sulfate-reducing bacteria to process and resist oxygen and mercury vary between genus and even between species. Also the variety of sulfate-reducing bacteria chances in different depth of soil. That's why identification of sulfate-reducing bacteria is important.
Cellular implications of redox signaling
Bioreactor applications utilizing mesophilic sulfate-reducing bacteria for treatment of mine wastewaters at 9-35°C
Reduction and analysis methods of indigo
The performance, kinetics and microbiology of sulfidogenic fluidized-bed reactors treating acidic metal- and sulfate-containing wastewater
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Oxygen reduction and proton translocation by cytochrome c oxidase
Experimental and Theoretical Investigations of the Redox Behavior of the Heterodichalcogenido Ligands [(EPiPr2)(TePiPr2)N]− (E = S, Se): Cyclic Cations and Acyclic Dichalcogenide Dimers
Soil chemistry
Towards sustainable iron- and steelmaking with economic optimization
Kinetic study on solid state and smelting reduction of chromite ore
Investigation of catalytic NO[sub x] reduction with transient techniques, isotopic exchange and FT-IR spectroscopy
Remote ischemic preconditioning as a means to protect the brain against hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study on piglets
Chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes via alkali metal reduction
Reduction of uranyl carbonate and hydroxyl complexes and neptunyl carbonate complexes studied with chemical-electrochemical methods and RIXS spectroscopy
Chemistry : core concepts
Computational investigation of oxygen reduction and proton pumping in cbb3-type Cytochrome c Oxidases
Modelling of slag emulsification and slag reduction in CAS-OB process
Oxygen photoreduction in cyanobacteria
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Iron(III) as Lewis acid catalyst in organosilicon and carbonyl chemistry
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities:the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
Limiting phenomena related to the use of iron ore pellets in a blast furnace
Molecular and genetic aspects of nitrate assimilation
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Basic concepts of chemistry
Bond Stretching and Redox Behavior in Coinage Metal Complexes of the Dichalcogenide Dianions [(SPh2P)2CEEC(PPh2S)2]2− (E=S, Se): Diradical Character of the Dinuclear Copper(I) Complex (E=S)
Carbon nanotubes are a promising material for various applications due to their unique collection of properties. However, carbon nanotube material as such is inert and insoluble, which hampers the true realization of its potential. In order to enhance the applicability of carbon nanotubes, their surface must be modified. This work concerned the chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes (SWNT) by the Birch reduction, which is based on the reduction of the SWNT surface with the valence electron of alkali metal solvated in liquid ammonia. The reduction generates a SWNT anion, which reacts with electrophiles resulting in the covalent attachment of functional groups to the tube surface. In this work, aryl halides or alcohols were used as electrophiles to yield arylated or hydrogenated SWNTs, respectively.At first, the goal was to modify SWNTs as a filler material for polystyrene. The use of five halogenated ethenylphenyl derivatives as electrophiles revealed that the structure of electrophile affected the success of functionalization and the solubility of SWNTs in polystyrene-toluene solution. The most successful functionalization and solubilization of SWNTs were achieved with 1-chloro-4-ethenylbenzene.In the second part, liquid ammonia was replaced with a new solvent, 1-methoxy-2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethane (diglyme) in order to avoid the restrictions, hazards and inconvenience of its handling. The work concentrated on the study of alkali metal reduction of SWNTs in diglyme by the use of arylation with 4-iodobenzoic acid or 4-chlorobenzoic acid and hydrogenation as model reactions. Li, Na or K was used as an alkali metal while naphthalene or 1-tert-butyl-4-(4-tert-butylphenyl)benzene was used in order to enhance the solvation of electrons. As a result, functionalization was simplified and enhanced. Electrophile affected the functionalization in such a way that arylation was significantly more successful than hydrogenation. The effect of alkali metal and electron carrier varied with electrophile. The most successful hydrogenation was achieved with the complex of Li and 1-tert-butyl-4-(4-tert-butylphenyl)benzene while arylation was the most successful with the complex of K and naphthalene. The solubility of SWNTs in water, ethanol, methanol and dimethylformamide was clearly improved by arylation whereas hydrogenation led to moderate improvement.
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities : the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
