http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9115 time study
time study
Factors behind Leisure-Time Physical Activity Behavior Based on Finnish Twin Studies: The Role of Genetic and Environmental Influences and the Role of Motives
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
Final cutting of shelterwood : harvesting techniques and effects on the Picea abies regeneration
Time use in Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
World leisure participation : free time in the global village : a project of the World Leisure and Recreation Association Commission on Research
Work systems and the methods, measurement, and management of work
Families & time : keeping pace in a hurried culture
Research methods for leisure and tourism : a practical guide
Introduction to work study
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Simultaneity of activities in household work
Essays on household behavior and time-use
Happy time : three papers on international and national trends in leisure time
Managers' times : a study of times in the work and life of top managers
The accuracy of manually recorded time study data for harvester operation shown via simulator screen
Introduction to time and work studies in wood harvesting
Work studies in forestry
"Examines the processes of acceleration in politics, economic, culture, and society at large. Focuses on why and how the high-speed contours of crucial forms of social activity now shape so many facets of human existence, and suggests possible responses"--Provided by publisher.
Feel the Finnish winterfree time activities for the Erasmus IP students /
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
The economics of time
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Studies on improvement of the efficiency of systematic sampling in forest inventory
LOGI : managing make-to-order supply chains
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Narrative transformations of heroic, autobiographical poetry in the medieval north
High-speed society : social acceleration, power, and modernity
Time : experiences, perspectives, and coping-strategies
Comparison of boom-corridor thinning and thinning from below harvesting methods in young dense Scots pine stands
Time use : expanding explanation in the social sciences
Poetic prologues : medieval conversations with the literary past
Leisure and popular culture in transition
Simulation of geometric thinning systems and their time requirements for young forests
R&D-Based Endogenous Growth in Finland : A Comparative Study on the Semi-Endogenous and the Schumpeterian Growth Models
Competing against time : how time-based competition is reshaping global markets
A comparison between a MILP-based decomposition method and a genetic algorithm in scheduling applications
Time use changes in Finland through the 2000s
Feel the Finnish winter : free time activities for the Erasmus IP students
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
Conference report : the Viking Age in Finland seminars : 28th-29th, April, 2011 and 11th-12th November, 2011, Helsinki, Finland
Housework time in Bulgaria and Finland
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
The construction of Anglo-Saxon legendary history
Time use research in the social sciences
Shades of earth
The clock of the long now : time and responsibility
A critical review of selected time use surveys
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
The year's work in medievalism. 17 (2002)
Two felling methods in final cutting of shelterwood, single-grip harvester productivity and damage to the regeneration
A descriptive study of a GEO HWS logistics coordinator's current tasks and the employment of time on tasks mentioned
An engagement with the huge growth in neomedievalism forms the core of this volume, with other essays testing its conclusions.
Late medieval England (1377-1485) : a bibliography of historical scholarship, 1990-1999
Ethnomethodology at play
Timeless reality : symmetry, simplicity, and multiple universes
Characteristics and time consumption of timber trucking in Finland
Psychology of time
Time for life : the surprising ways Americans use their time
Septentrionalia : bridging the digital transition for medieval studies
Beyond 9 to 5 : your life in time
Outline of field requirements for time and work studies
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Academic knowledge creation as a spatio-temporal process : the case of international research groups in Finland
The impact of a researcher's experience on the results of single-grip harvester time studies
The economics of time use
Across the universe
Reloading mechanized tree planting devices faster using a seedling tray carousel
Motion and time study
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Employee worktime control and health
The harried leisure class
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Logging and log transport in tropical high forest : a manual on production and costs
Academic knowledge creation as a spatio-temporal process:the case of international research groups in Finland
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
Some observations on time and performance studies in forestry = Erfaringer angående tids- og prestasjonsstudier i skogbruket
Possibilities to use automatic and manual timing in time studies on harvester operations
Combined continuous- and discrete-time modelling of production planning problems with aging profile requirements
How do we spend our time? : evidence from the American time use survey
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Multi-product multi-purpose machine scheduling in dynamic environments
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future:pre-service elementary teachers’ mathematical identity work
Leisure research in Europe : methods and traditions
Comparison of harvester work in forest and simulator environments
Literary Manuscripts: Berg
Medieval studies : an introduction
