http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9123 graphic sector
graphic sector
Customer satisfaction - elements and preconditions : expectations and assessments of Finnish printing industry customers
English for graphics and publishing professionals
Becoming a design entrepreneur : how to launch your design-driven ventures from apps to zines
An A-Z of type designers
"An attractive, interesting layout can certainly attract and please the reader; but when the details are not good, reading requires more effort and any pleasure is short-lived. Detail in Typography is a concise and close-up view of the subject. It considers all the elements that constitute a column of text -- letters, words, the line, and the space around these elements -- and it discusses what is essential for the legibility of text. Yet this is more than a guide to correct typography. How it it, Hochuli asks, that text can be set perfectly and yet look insufferably dull? Answers may be found here, not least in the way the book itself has been set and produced"--Product description.
"Accompanying the revolutionary spirit taking hold of American culture in the mid-1960s and 1970s, American graphic designer Alan Peckolick heralded a movement in graphic design, known as expressive typography. Along with his mentor and icon Herb Lubalin, Peckolick called for a new caliber of design: Dreaming up and hand-drawing letterforms that had never existed before, with type, which once exclusively played a supporting role to the graphic image, now taking center stage. Calling for conceptual typography over a standardized format, Peckolick gave letterforms a presence on the page, and also an attitude: His designs will talk back, and always speak up. Teaching Type to Talk is the first-ever compendium to span the typographer's career. Peckolick's work is equal parts witty, shrewd, and impeccable, and is accompanied by original anecdotes as insightful and tongue-in-cheek as his designs."--Publisher's description.
Ward pulls from his ten years' experience as a designer and art director to tackle subjects such as design fetishists, Helvetica's neutrality, urgent briefs, as well as topics such as the validity of design education, the supposed death of print, client relationships and pitch planning. In addition, the book features contributions and insights from more than a dozen other established practitioners such as Milton Glaser, Stefan Sagmeister, Christoph Niemann and David Carson--Provided by publisher.
Graphic design theory : readings from the field
Nib + ink : the new art of modern calligraphy
Picturing and poeting
The gold in your customer records
Lingua grafica : major reference work for image language
Managing independent workers and subcontractors : a comparative network study
The dual structure hypothesis and the book industry
Detail in typography : letters, letterspacing, words, wordspacing, lines, linespacing, columns
Handbook of early advertising art mainly from American sources : pictorial volume
Graphic design history : a critical guide
The visual dictionary of graphic design
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
Changing the word : the printing industry in transition
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in Web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
A history of graphic design
The graphic designer's guide to clients : how to make clients happy and do great work
The copy book
Finnish design yearbook 2010-11
Teaching type to talk
Letterpress : The allure of the handmade  / David Jury
The Essential principles of graphic design
Influences : a lexicon of contemporary graphic design
Fresh ideas in promotion 2
Color design workbook : a real-world guide to using color in graphic design
Graphically speaking : visual a-z guide for better designer-client communication
Tart cards
The all new print production handbook
E-business@print : Internet-based services and processes
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
A smile in the mind : witty thinking in graphic design
100 habits of successful graphic designers : insider secrets on working smart and staying creative
Handbook of print media : technologies and production methods
Graphic technology - process control for the manufacture of half-tone colour separations, proof and production prints : standardi. Part 1, parameters and measurement methods
Distribution channels for ink blades in Germany : case: Veslatec Oy
Finnish design yearbook 2014-2015
SO1O - 2UO - 3RIO : small studios, great impact
Play with typography, get creative with letterforms and develop your own unique handwriting style with Nib & Ink. This beautiful and immersive guide is full of inspiration, shape and letter templates, modern calligraphy basics, creative prompts and exercises. It also features a handful of simple creative projects - from wedding stationery to birthday cards - complete with plenty of space to practise that will encourage you to discover new, more interesting, more creative, and surprising ways to perk up your correspondence, add a flourish to your stationery and refresh your handwriting.
Graphic technology - process control for the manufacture of half-tone colour separations, proof and production prints : standardi. 2, offset lithographic processes
From oracles bones to E-publications : three millennia of publishing in China
The art of looking sideways
Minimalist graphics
Finnish design yearbook 2012-13
Lookbooks, show invitations, packaging and gift cards are important tools for communicating a fashion brands' aesthetic and point of view. Art directors and graphics designers collaborate with fashion designers, stylists, make-up artists, and photographers to create inspiring campaigns for each new collection. Behind Collections compiles an impressive range of creative and artistic promotional material designed for the fashion world. Designs for Herms, Acne Studios, American Apparel, Mulberry, Jean Paul Gaultier, Basso & Brooke and many others are featured..
The designerʼs guide to business and careers : how to succeed on the job or on your own
Universal/Unique : visual/verbal statements by 31 graphic design educators based on three given elements, February 27 - March 25,1988 : an invitational exhibition jointly organized by faculty of the graphic design department Philadelphia College of Art and Design and the Rosenwald - Wolf Gallery The University of the Arts in cooperation with the Borowsky Center for Publication Arts
Graphic technology - process control for the manufacture of half-tone colour separations, proof and production prints : standardi. 3, coldset offset lithography and letterpress on newsprint
Implementing quality management in the graphic arts
Master of none : designer of all trades
ICT practioner skills and training : graphic arts and media sector
Environmental sustainability in the Finnish printing and publishing industry
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 3 : textile and clothing technology, craphics technology, seafaring, separate study lines
Summary (s. 9-11).
Features essays by Michael Cole, Larry Silver, Susan Dackerman, Graham Larkin, and exhibit co-curator Madeleine Viljoen. This book accompanies an exhibition that opened in April 2006 at the University of Pennsylvania.
Prentice Hall graphic communications dictionary
The graphic designer's greenbook : a handbook and source guide on design and the environment
Redisigning indentity : graphic design strategies for success
A blip in the continuum
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
The designer's lexicon
Adrian Frutiger typefaces : the complete works
Graphis digital fonts : the best in new digital fonts : das beste der neuen digitalen Typographie : le meilleur du noveau caractére digital. 1
How to Have Great Ideas : a guide to creative thinking
Water-based screenprinting
Developing Tervakoski Oy's thin printing paper sales amongst the leading European offset and gravure catalougue
Graphics, design and printing terms : an international dictionary
Handbook of early advertising art mainly from American sources : typographical and ornamental volume
Environmental engagement of Finnish printing companies
Union democracy : the internal politics of the International Typographical Union
Graphic design school : a foundation course for graphic designers working in print, moving image and digital media
An introduction to the graphic industry in Finland
Graphic forms : the arts as related to the book
Graphic design school : the principles and practice of graphic design
There's nothing funny about design
300% cotton : more t-shirt graphics
Looking closer 3 : classic writings on graphic design
Book illustration : for stories from Verzauberte Wälder by Robert Crottet
The early modern painter-etcher
How to be a graphic designer, without losing your soul
The designer's lexicon : the illustrated dictionary of design, printing and computer terms
Summary: Measures to maintain working capacity and prevent occupational disability at small workplaces in 1995-1998.
Glossary of printing reprography and papermaking terms
The fundamentals of creative design
Behind collections : graphic design and promotion for fashion brands
A type detective story : episode one : the crime scene
The empathy challenge : how to become an empathic graphic designer
The fundamentals of graphic design
Graphic design : a new history
