http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9121 bread
bread
Every last crumb : paleo bread and beyond
How to be a domestic goddess : baking and the art of comfort cooking
Investigation of acrylamide levels in selected fried and baked foods in Jordan
The handmade loaf
Determination of acrylamide levels in selected traditional foodstuffs and drinks in Jordan
Development of a testing method for anti-rope and anti-mould agents used in bread
Icelandic cakes and breads : 10 recipes
Bread baking : an artisan`s perspective
The bread builders : hearth loaves and masonry ovens
Leib. Ilo & vägi = Bread. The beauty & the might
Bioprocessing to improve oat bread quality
The complete book of home baking
Scandinavian Christmas crafts and recipes
Hooray for bread
The bread book
My bread : the revolutionary no-work, no-knead method
Prefermented frozen lean wheat doughs
Bread making : improving quality
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Rainbow cuisine : a culinary journey through South Africa
Bakery food manufacture and quality : water control and effects
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
The Good cookie : over 250 delicious recipes from simple to sublime
The cook's encyclopedia of bread
The New York times bread and soup cookbook
Cultural creolization and other studies
Professional bread baking
Bountiful bread : basics to brioches
Baking with kids : inspiring a love of cooking with recipes for bread, cupcakes, cheesecake, and more!
Breads
The breads of France and how to bake them in your own kitchen
The baobabs : pachycauls of Africa, Madagascar, and Australia
Artisan bread in five minutes a day : the discovery that revolutionizes home baking
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Hedonic responses to colour, sweetness, saltiness and fattiness in selected foods as related to corresponding attitudes and other behavioural measures
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
Six thousand years of bread : its holy and unholy history
Technology of breadmaking
Bubbles in food 2 : novelty, health, and luxury
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers.
The joy of vegan baking : the compassionate cooks' traditional treats and sinful sweets
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
100 great breads
A nordic research programme on food biotechnology. 4, Starter cultures in wheat bread
Cereal fermentation for future foods : V Symposium on Sourdough, 10-12 October 2012, Helsinki, Finland
The bear ate your sandwich
The Patissier's Art : professional breads, cakes, pies, pastries, and puddings
Bread matters : why and how to make your own
Pastries : a study of the cultural expression of luxury
Good sandwiches and picnic dishes
The professional pastry chef : fundamentals of baking and pastry
Up-to-date breadmaking
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Bread : a baker's book of techniques and recipes
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Sunset cook book of breads : by the editors of Sunset Books and Sunset Magazine
Handmade breads : simple techniques for baking better bread
Bouchon Bakery
The master bakers' book of breadmaking
The great Scandinavian baking book
The world guide to bread
Exopolysaccharides in sourdough technology
Sourdough : a tool for the improved flavour, texture and shelf-life of wheat bread
The best of baking : includes more than 400 easy and delicious recipes for bread, cakes, cookies, pies and pastries
The bagel : the surprising history of a modest bread
Nordic bakery cookbook
Baking artisan pastries & breads : sweet and savory baking for breakfast, brunch, and beyond
Advanced bread and pastry : a professional approach
The best mouse cookie
Potato : the definitive guide to potatoes and potato cooking
German baking today : the original
The History of Bread
Seriously good! : gluten-free baking
Mummy & me bake
Bread : the definitive guide to making bread by hand or machine
Bread
The new family bread book
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
Decorated cookies
Bacterial spoilage process in bread during storage : studies on the microbiology and the chemical changes in 'ropy' and 'slimy' barley bread
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
Baking artisan bread : 10 expert formulas for baking better bread at home
Christmas cookies
Nutritional properties of starch in bread : impact of the choice of raw material and/or processing conditions
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
From wheat to bread
Christmas cookies : dozens of classic yuletide treats for the whole family
Soups & Sandwiches
Abstract: A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers. The research question in this dissertation is: Investigating the possibility to introduce a Finnish rye bread brand called 'Ruispalat' into the British consumer market and what are the possible barriers this product may face? This dissertation will look at the possibility of introducing an iconic Finnish rye bread brand into the British market. The product investigated in this study is called 'Ruispalat'. This particular bread is the most eaten bread in Finland for years. There are many health benefits, like the fact that with fiber you also get antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. It naturally helps to lower your cholesterol and decrease the risk of cancer and diabetes. Recommendation for the daily fiber intake is between 25-23g and one slice of 'Ruispalat' has 5.5 grams of fiber. Despite of its popularity in the Nordic countries, a matching product cannot be found on sale in the United Kingdom. The purpose is to identify differences between Finnish and British cultures and investigate how these differences affect the demand for the product. This dissertation also aims at discovering differences between the implications of the relevant literature and implications of the cross-sectional research. The research hypothesis for this is that the British have different taste preferences and that 'Ruispalat will face barriers associated with cultural differences. The research hypothesis is based on that people have strong variations of values, tastes, habits and preferences, large part of which is due to and affected by national culture. These factors affect the consumer response for 'Ruispalat' in the British market. The purpose of this dissertation is to investigate the kind of literature and information there is already available on this topic and how these can be of use in this particular case of 'Ruispalat'. Additionally, the objective is to find out what British people think about the product and whether they would buy it if it was available in the British market and reasons behind the answers to these questions. This dissertation also aims at identifying possible gaps in the literature or theories that ignore some aspects considered important in this dissertation. This dissertation will be significant in terms of providing information about how members of the British culture respond to the product. This information is based on quantitative research.
Biscuits, cookies and crackers. Vol. 3, Composite products
Baking and bakeries
Basic cooking
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers
Country bread
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
Bread fortified with cholecalciferol increases the serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration in women as effectively as a cholecalciferol supplement
Rye bread and glucose and insulin in healthy adults
Log cabin grub cookbooks : old pioneer recipes
Handbook of breadmaking technology
Baking and pastry : mastering the art and craft
Principles of breadmaking : functionality of raw materials and process steps
Artisan breads : practical recipes and detailed instructions for baking the world's finest loaves
Effects of wheat gluten quality and baking process on dough and bread characteristics = Effekt av glutenkvalitet i hvete og bakeprosess på deig- og brødegenskaper
5 - the dish
Home baked : nordic recipes and techniques for organic bread and pastry
Good bread is back : a contemporary history of French bread, the way it is made, and the people who make it
The blessings of bread
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Sensory interrelationships in bread and bread-spread combinations
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
The book of pizzas and Italian breads
Modifying Wheat Bran for Food Applications - Effect of Wet Milling and Enzymatic Treatment
Crust : bread to get your teeth into
