http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9122 Diptera
Diptera
The genus Camptochaeta gen. n. (Diptera, Sciaridae)
Chironomidae of the Holarctic region : keys and diagnoses. 2, Pupae
Chironomus esai n. sp. (Diptera : Chironomidae) in lakes and reservoirs of central Fennoscandia
A dipterist's handbook
Review of the genus Meromyza from China (Diptera: Chloropidae)
An excellent book on Syritta species of the world
A redescription of Neozavrelia cuneipennis (Edvards) comb. nov., with a checklist of Neozavrelia species of the world (Diptera: Chironomidae)
British non-biting midges (Diptera, Chironomidae)
An illustrated manual for the identification of the neotropical genera and subgenebra [i.e. subgenera] of Tabanidae (Diptera)
Morphology of preimaginal stages of Cryptonevra flavitarsis (Diptera: Chloropidae) : an inquiline in galls formed by Lipra flies on common reed
Blowflies (Diptera: Calliphoridae) of Israel and adjacent areas, including a new species from Tunisia
Dolichopodidae (Diptera) new for the fauna of Finland
Sylvenomyia gen. n. in Sweden and a key to the genera of the tribe Winnertziini (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae, Porricondylinae)
Taxonomic problems in the subgenous Meloehelea Wirth of the genus Atrichopogon Kieffer (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae) inferred from both morphological and molecular characters
The Fauna of British India including Ceylon and Burma. Diptera Nematocera : excluding Chironomidæ and Culicidæ
New records of Diptera Chamaemyiidae from the Mediterranean and Oman with a description of a new species : Parochthiphila (Euestelia) argentiseta from Turkey and a redescription of Parochthiphila (Parochthiphila) inconstans (Becker)
Descriptions of four new species of Chrysotimus Loew from Tibet (Diptera: Dolichopodidae)
The Podoptera effect in Drosophila melanogaster
Therevidae (Insecta: Diptera)
Synopsis of Aireina Frey and Damalis Fabricius (Diptera: Asilidae) from South-East Asia and a new name for D. dimidiata Joseph & Parui
The insect eggshell : ultrastructure, organisation and adaptive traits in Odonata and Diptera
The semi-aquatic fly fauna (Diptera) of wetlands of the Åland Islands
Contributions to the taxonomy and ecology of the Chironomus plumosus sibling species aggregate (Diptera: Chironomidae) : the brackish water populations of Tvärminne area, Finland
The Fauna of British India including Ceylon and Burma : published under the authority of the secretary of state for India in council. Diptera Brachycera, Vol. 1
Redescription of Sciophila nitens Winnertz (Diptera: Mycetophilidae) with a new synonymization
Revision of the Palaearctic bare-eyed and black-legged species of the genus Cheilosia Meigen (Diptera, Syrphidae)
Catalogue of the described diptera from South Asia
Three new species of Docosia Winnertz (Diptera: Mycetophilidae) from Kazakhstan
The Australian Sciapodinae (Diptera: Dolichopodidae) with a review of the Oriental and Australasian faunas, and a world conspectus of the subfamily
Finnish files of the family Therevidae
Revision of the genus Thricops Rondani (Diptera: Muscidae)
The Limoniinae (Diptera: Tipulidae) of Australia. Part 6, 7 & 8, New and insufficiently known species of Toxorhina Loew, Limonia Meigen, Atarba Osten Sacken, Amphineurus Skuse, Gonomyia Meigen and Molophilus Curtis ; The genera Austrolimnophila Alexander, Epiphragma Osten Sacken, Leolimnonphila gen. nov., Tipulimnoea gen. nov. and Paralimnophila Alexander (all tribe Limnophilini) ; Preliminary key to the genus-group taxa
A key to the larvae, pupae and adults of the British Dixidae (Diptera) : the meniscus midges
New records of scuttle flies (Diptera: Phoridae) from Iceland, with a survey of all simultaneously collected Dipteran families
On the systematics of the tribe Tanytarsini (Diptera: Chironomidae) : three new species from Finland
A field trip with Risto Tuomikoski
Larval morphology of the Sepsidae (Diptera: Sciomyzoidea), with a cladistic analysis using adult and larval characters
Studies of Gymnomyzinae (Diptera: Ephydridae). 6, A revision of the genus Glenanthe Haliday from the New World
The genus Bryomyia Kieff. (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae): Palaearctic species and Fennoscandian records
Delimitation of the pupae of the European species of the subgenus Camptochironomus (Diptera, Chironomidae)
A review of Finnish Thecophora Rondani, 1845 (Diptera: Conopidae)
Black fungus-gnats in deciduous forest habitat in northern Europe, with the description of Bradysia arcula sp. n. (Diptera: Sciaridae)
Morphology of preimaginal stages of Lipara pullitarsis Doskočil & Chvála, 1971 (Diptera: Chloropidae) - a gall-forming fly in the common reed (Phragmites australis)
The emergence of Halocladius variabilis (Staeger) (Diptera: Chironomidae) in the surroundings of the Tvärminne Biological Station in the northern Baltic Sea
Systematics of Syrphidae and taxonomy of Cheilosia (Diptera) : morphological and molecular evidence
Short-palped craneflies of Switzerland
Lusitanoneura gen. n. (Diptera: Mycetophilidae), including a new species from Portugal
Fungus gnats (Diptera, Mycetophilidae) in Pirhu and Tapionaho (Ilomantsi, Finland)
New roles for apical secretion and extracellular matrix assembly in Drosophila epithelial morphogenesis
Taxonomical notes and descriptions of the new Chelifera Macquart species (Diptera: Empididae)
Brief report : Two species of Bibionidae (Diptera) new to the Finnish fauna
Summary: History and diversity of flies, with scientific updates.
Brachyceran Diptera in Cretaceous ambers and Mesozoic diversification of the Eremoneura
A revision of the New World Cyamops Melander (Diptera: Periscelididae)
First international congress of Dipterology, Budapest, Hungary, 17-24 August, 1986 : Abstract volyme
Culicini : contributions to the knowledge of the Danish and Fennoscandian mosquitoes
Gall midges (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) of Slovenia = Zoocecidiji (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) Slovenije. Duška Simova-Tošic, Marcela Skuhravá, & Vaclav Skuhravý
Scuttle flies (Diptera: Phoridae) of saline habitats of the Gulf of Gdańsk, Poland
The Limoniinae (Diptera: Tipulidae) of Australia. Part 4 and 5, New and insufficiently known species of Gynoplistia Macquart and Molophilus Curtis (Diptera: Tipulidae: Limoniinae) from Australia ; The genera Helius Le Peletier & Serville, Toxorhina Loew, Limonia Meigen (part), Tonnoiromyia Alexander and Collessophila gen. nov. (all tribe Limoniini) and Atarba Ostensacken, Amphineurus Skuse, Erioptera Meigen, Cheilotrichia Rossi, Gonomyia Meigen and Idiocera Dale (all tribe Eriopterini)
Description of a new Psychodidae (Diptera) species from Estonia
Monograph on the spittlebug flies, genus Cladochaeta (Diptera: Drosophilidae: Cladochaetini
Boletina dispectoides sp.n. and six other species of fungus gnats (Diptera: Mycetophilidae) new to Finland
Flies : the natural history and diversity of diptera
Two new species of the genus Teuchophorus (Diptera: Dolichopodidae) from Taiwan
Association of the scuttle fly Megaselia leucozona Schmitz (Diptera: Phoridae) with sweat bees (Hymenoptera: Halictidae), with a description of the male fly
World catalog of the family Tethinidae (Diptera)
Revision of the genus Euscelidia Westwood, 1850 (Diptera: Asilidae: Leptogastrinae)
Drosophila repleta Wollaston (Diptera, Drosophilidae) new to Finland
Experiments on the humidity reactions of some tsetse fly species (Dipt., Msucidae)
Studies of Mydidae (Diptera). IVb. Mydas and allies in the Americas (Mydinae, Mydini)
A survey on the nematoceran (Diptera) communities of southern Finnish wetlands
Infrageneric classification and revision of the Oriental species of the genus Brachypalpoides Hippa (Diptera, Syrphidae) ; Recharacterization of Chalcosyrphus (Syrittoxylota) Hippa (Diptera, Syrphidae) and revision of the species ; Morphology and taxonomy of the Malagasy genus Vadonimyia Séguy (Diptera, Syrphidae)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 2 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Dermaptera and Diptera
On the mesofauna of the field layer of three subarctic habitats
Keys to the insects of the European part of the USSR. 5, Diptera and Siphonaptera
Second recorded import of the neotropical warble fly, Dermatobia hominis, to Finland
On the dipterous fauna of rodent burrows in northern Lapland
Catalog of the Mythicomyiidae of the world (Insecta:Diptera)
The flesh-flies of Central-Europe : Insecta, Diptera, Sarcophagidae
Two new European species of Rhamphomyia subgenus Amydroneura (Diptera: Empididae)
On the genus Epidiplosis Felt (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) in East Asia, with descriptions of four new species
Contributions to the systematics and evolution of Diptera
The Afrotropical Nemotelinae : Diptera, Stratiomyidae
Descriptions of five new species of Helina Robineau-Desvoidy (Diptera: Muscidae) from China
Check-list and distribution maps of Norwegian hoverflies, with description of Platycheirus laskai nov. sp. (Diptera, Syrphidae)
Biomonitoring of Ceratopogonidae (Diptera: Nematocera) using car nets
Biosystematics of the Nymphomyiidae (Insecta: Diptera): life history, morphology, and phylogenetic relationships
Abstract: The most abundant groups in all habitats of IBP-sites at Kevo, Finnish Lapland, were Diptera, Homopetra, and Hymenoptera. The most numerous herbiborous group was Homoptera...
New host and country records for European Tachinidae (Diptera)
Two new species of the genus Nepalomyia, with a key to species from China (Diptera: Dolichopodidae)
A new Turkish Tipula (Lunatipula) species in the acuminata group (Diptera: Tipulidae)
British Dixidae (meniscus midges) and Thaumaleidae (trickle midges) : keys with ecological notes
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera. Vol. 9, Chloropidae (part 1); siphonellopsinae and rhodesiellanae
The Empidoidea (Diptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark. 4, Genus Hilara
Zavreliella marmorata (v.d.Wulp, 1859) (Diptera: Chironomidae) - a chironomid species new to Finland from Lake Pohjalampi, North Karelia
Catches of bloodsucking blackflies (Diptera: Simuliidae) tell different stories depending on sampling method
A biosystematic study on Chironomidae from China (Diptera)
On the morphology, taxonomy and phylogeny of the Mycetophilidae (Diptera, Sciaroidea)
The Hercostomus ulrichi group from Palaearctic China (Diptera: Dolichopodidae)
Prosciara didactyla sp. n. and P. megachaeta Hippa & Vilkamaa, 1991 from Thailand (Diptera, Sciaridae)
A revision of the genera Pelomyia Williston and Masoniella Vockeroth (Diptera:Tethinidae)
Revision, phylogeny and classification of the genus Dorylomorpha (Diptera, Pipunculidae)
The black flies (Diptera: Simuliidae) of Java, Indonesia
Tachydromia calcarata (Strobl) (Diptera: Hybotidae) new to Britain, with redescription of both sexes, and its correct classification within the T. interrupta group of species
Preimaginal feeding habits of Dictyogenus fontium (Plecoptera, Perlodidae) in an alpine brook in NW Italy
World species of biting midges (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera. Vol. 10, Sarcophagidae
Diptera diversity: status, challenges and tools
Second international congress of Dipterology, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia, 27 August - 1 September, 1990 : Abstract volyme
Fifth international congress of Dipterology, Brisbane, Australia, 29 September-4 October 2002 : Abstracts volyme
Two new species of Allodia subgenus Brachycampta Winnertz from Norway and Sweden (Diptera: Mycetophilidae)
Phylogenetic systematics of the Milichiidae (Diptera, Schizophora)
Larvae of insects : an introduction to Nearctic species. Part 2, Coleoptera, Diptera, Neuroptera, Siphonaptera, Mecoptera, Trichoptera
The Sepsidae (Diptera) of Europe
A phylogenetic study of the tribe Dryxini Zatwarnicki (Diptera:Ephydridae)
The Drosophilidae (Diptera) of Estonia
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
Fourth international congress of Dipterology, Oxford, UK, 6-13 September, 1998 : Abstracts volyme
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera. Vol. 7, Muscidae
Fungus gnats (Diptera: Bolitophilidae, Diadocidiidae, Keroplatidae and Mycetophilidae) new to Finland
Cheerful dancers
Shore flies of the Belizean cays (Diptera: Ephydridae)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera (Asilidae). part 1
A key to the British species of Simuliidae (Diptera) in the larval, pupal and adult stages
A new and little known species of the genus Aspistes Meigen (Diptera, Scatopsidae) from Finland
Proceedings of the 5th International Symposium on Chironomidae, Abisko, Swedish Lappland, 7-9 August, 1973
Third international congress of Dipterology,Guelph, Canada, 15-19 August, 1994 : Abstract volyme
