http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9131 supporting
supporting
Peggy Guggenheim : The Shock of the Modern
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
Authentic relationships in group care for infants and toddlers - resources for infant educarers (RIE) principles into practice
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Agricultural policy and trade reform : potential effects at global, national and household levels
The everything guide to caring for aging parents : reassuring advice to help you support your loved ones
Trauma recovery after a school shooting : the role of theory-based psychosocial care and attachment in facilitating recovery
Splinting techniques
Behavioural, emotional and social difficulties : a guide for the early years
Characteristics of innovative, high growth and highly successful SMEs
The effect of cue media on recollections
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore through literature the support systems offered for students in different universities, concentrating on international nursing  students and to make a proposal of the best practice for Metropolia University of Applied Sciences on how to support their international nursing students.    Research articles (n=7) were identified for this literature review through 3 different databases: CINAHL, ERIC and MEDLINE (OVID). Two research articles were found manually. In total 9 articles were analyzed in this literature review.     The findings described 5 support programs applied in different universities including tutoring sessions to support language development, a women's support group, a university  course, an orientation program and an academic study group. Also general recommendations on how to provide language, academic and social support were identified.    Proposal for Metropolia University of Applied Sciences was made according to the findings and it included for example extended orientation program, orientations for faculties, open  group meetings, the use of vocabulary journals and a Finnish language development tutoring sessions towards the end of the studies.
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009
Online social support : the interplay of social networks and computer-mediated communication
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
Early onset Dementia- the nurses role in supporting their relatives
Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics.
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Work exposure and complaints in a sample of French and Norwegian forest machine operators : a comparative field study within the ErgoWood programme
Summary in Finnish.
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings
Abstract.
Cancer Society of Finland : counselling services
Prevention psychology : enhancing personal and social well-being
Between neuroradiology and neurophysiology : new insights in neural mechanisms
The patronage of science in the nineteenth century
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Impact of micro hydropower (MHP) based electrification on rural livelihoods : case study Nam Mong in Luang Prabang province, Lao PDR
Law and fertility in Europe
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge : Catalyst for Chamber Music
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
Drug abuse in adults - supporting the physical functional capacity.
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Developing Sievo's customer support
Journal of bodywork and movement therapies
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2009 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
Art on paper : mounting and housing
"A deep and serious resource for all who are involved personally or professionally with bereavement, this book also offers a practical list of resources and further reading." --Publisher's description.
In search of a gifted counselor = Hl'ada sa poradca prenadaných
A developmental approach to educating young children
Still going strong : a tracer study of the Community Mothers Programme, Dublin, Ireland
Critical issues in child protection in the context of post-divorce custody
The book whisperer: awakening the inner reader in every child
"The Humanitarian Leader in Each of Us is a supplementary (and core) text for undergraduate and graduate courses in leadership, servant leadership, social leadership, service learning, and Social Entrepreneurship (the latter primarily as a supplement to aid in self-discovery about one's intended mission). A common complaint among faculty these days is that it is difficult to get students to read their texts. This book contains the following approaches and features to appeal to students and to support the curriculum: Thirty stories of real people: The leaders interviewed for this book are a highly diverse group. They range in age from 16 to 88 years old. Six of them are still under 30 but are leading important efforts in areas such as stopping child sexual exploitation, helping foster children, and building wells in countries where water is scarce. Both men and women, the interviewees are multicultural in origin and in focus. They come from countries as diverse as India, Canada, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and the United States. They are of different spiritual beliefs and religious backgrounds. Their educational levels range from middle school to doctorate level, and their incomes vary widely. Some are still in school; some have careers; some are retired. All are engaged in meaningful efforts to better the human condition somewhere in the world"--Provided by publisher.
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
Trauma and Orthopaedics at a Glance
Early onset dementia : the nurses role in supporting their relatives
Occupational ergonomics : work related musculoskeletal disorders of the upper limb and back
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
Orthopaedic and trauma nursing : an evidence-based approach to musculoskeletal care
The Support Possibilities of a Starting Entrepreneur
Hyperactive children : a practical guide for parents
The new deal for artists
Family policy : Government and families in fourteen countries
Young people leaving care : supporting pathways to adulthood
The lining cycle : fundamental causes of deterioration in painting canvas : materials and methods of impregnation and lining from the 17th century to the present day : conference on comparative lining techniques : National Maritime Museum, April 1974
Abstract (s. 4) .
Deafness and Education in the UK : Research Perspectives
Supporting cognitive functional capacity in elderly with dementia : A literature review
The economics of cultural policy
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
The care of paintings : fabric paint supports = Le traitment des peintures : les supports en toile
Supporting self-care in nutrition with pregnant young adult women
Julkiset kulttuurimäärärahat 1994 = Public Expenditure on the Arts and Culture in Finland in 1994 / Pekka Oesch ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta = Centralkommissionen för konst = Arts Council of Finland
The soul midwives' handbook : The holistic & spiritual care of the dying
Orthopedic Physical Assessment
Basic counselling skills : a helper's manual
Family life education : principles and practices for effective outreach
Yritysten tuki taiteelle 1990 = Company support for the arts in Finland in 1990 / Pekka Oesch
Home, school, and community collaboration : culturally responsive family involvement
Overview : the income security programs of health and welfare Canada : old age security, Canada pension plan, family allowances = Tour d'horizon : les programmes de la sécurité du revenu de sante et bien-être social Canada : sécurité de la vieillesse, régime de pensions du Canada, allocations familiales
All the empty palaces : the merchant patrons of modern art in pre-revolutionary Russia
"No one bothers you here" : clients̕ experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
Executive summary (s. 7-14).
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
Ache and melancholy : co-occurence of musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in Finland
The powers of art : patronage in Indian culture
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
The effect of variables on the bond strenght of Beva 371 linings : a report submitted to the Department of Art for the degree of MA Conservation
Support for the Parents whose Child is in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
Protecting and supporting human rights defenders : public guidelines of the Foreign Ministry of Finland on the implementation of the European Union guidelines on human rights defenders
Bread and circuses : EC programmes and schemes open to the performing arts
Neck, shoulder, and low back pain in adolescence
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Social policy change through participation : does parents' participation make a difference in the reform of services for children, adolescents and families?
The care of children : a cross-national comparison of parents' expectations and experiences
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Teenagers and attachment : helping adolescents engage with life and learning
Flexible multibody simulation approach in the dynamic analysis of bone strains during physical activity
Beyond the autism diagnosis : a professional's guide to helping families
Help your kids with science : a unique step-by-step visual guide
Our common interest : an argument
Public art by the book
Therapeutic aspects of engagement in occupations : in the context of day care for older people and patients in palliative care
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
"No one bothers you here" : Clients' experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
Young children's behaviour : practical approaches for caregivers and teachers
The abused werewolf rescue group
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Parental support, psychological control, and behavioral control : assessing relevance across time, culture, and method
Communication, language and literacy in the early years foundation stage
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2010 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Supporting children with learning difficulties : holistic solutions for severe, profound and multiple disabilities
DEC recommended practices in early intervention/early childhood special education
Early mathematics interventions: supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2011 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
Northern science for northern society : building economic self-reliance
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
The work-family conflict and related social support among expatriates in dual-earner families
Manual therapy : an international journal of musculoskeletal therapy
Group psychoeducation for forensic long-term patients with schizophrenia
Helping educators grow : strategies and practices for leadership development
A celebration of corporate art programmes worldwide
Transforming troubled lives : key issues in policy, practice and provision
Improving planning support : the use of planning support systems for spatial planning
Life of a king
The need to encourage regular physical activity among older workers : marketing research for Turku area
Early childhood studies : an introduction to the study of children's worlds aand children's lives
Grandparenting a child with special needs
Supporting yourself as an artist : a practical guide
Gifted and talented children 4-11: understanding and supporting their development
Diploma in pre-school practice
Practical tips for facilitating research
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2007 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Trial, trust and tribulation : the distribution of roles and changing nature of relations between governments and arts councils, associations and foundations : report of the European Round Table, held in Budapest, 21 - 22 March 1994 / Round Table organised by CIRCLE - Cultural Information & Research Centers Liaison in Europe in co-operation with the Brouhaha Hungary Foundation with the support of the Council of Europe, UNESCO, the Soros Foundation and the City of Budapest ; report edit
Care as everyday staff leadership
East Asian paintings : materials, structures and deterioration mechanisms
Organizational contact persons and support in repatriation
Supportive care and midwifery
On the measured support of industrial critique / Kirsi Peltomäki
Genetic risk factors for lumbar intervertebral disc disease characterized by sciatica
Physical development in the early years foundation stage
Modern muse : the support and condition of artists / edited by C. Richard Swaim
Do public R&D subsidies foster innovation? : evidence from Finnish patent data
This charming man
Musculoskeletal examination
Diversifying post-adoption services in Finland : collection of articles : the life story project 2006-2009
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
The political economy of art : being the substance (with additions) of two lectures. Delivered at Manchester, July 10th and 13th, 1857.
Muscle : fundamental biology and mechanisms of disease
Best practice in business incubation
Exploring the influence of persuasive reminders and virtual rehearsal on the efficacy of health behavior change support system
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Tiivistelmä: Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge - Catalyst for Chamber Music.
On-site support and service desk operations enhancement and optimization
A creative future : the way forward for the arts, crafts and media in England
Agricultural support, farm land values and sectoral adjustment : the implications for policy reform
Journal of musculoskeletal pain
Support for the parents whose child is in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
Small talk : simple ways to boost your child's speech and language development from birth
Summary.
The role of finnish teachers in supporting immigrant children with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Psychosocial support after traumatic experience : helpers' perspectives from different cultures
Customer support in the Internet
In Search for the Conceptual Origin of University Students Community in a Confluence of On- and Off : Ethnographies in Technology-Rich, Multi-Sited Fields of Study
Keys to successful integration : importance of social relations on the first-phase integration of Burmese refugees in Rovaniemi
Creating a tool for the objective evaluating of outsourcing service proposals
Next steps in supporting people with autistic spectrum condition
Approaches to transition support for first year students in higher education
Supporting collaborative development:cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
Supporting collaborative development : cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
The secret history of the American empire : [the truth about economic hit men, jackals, and how to change the world]
Music and patronage in the Sforza court
Living with a black dog
The family ADHD solution : a scientific approach to maximizing your child's attention and minimizing parental stress
Where has my little girl gone? : how to protect your daughter from growing up too soon
The Alzheimer's family : helping caregivers cope
Creating your birth plan : the definitive guide to a safe and empowering birth
Major incident procedure : case OMX Group
Counseling the nursing mother : a lactation consultant's guide
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Person-centred active support : a handbook
Lining paintings : papers from the Greenwich Conference on Comparative Lining Techniques
Evaluation of mobile telephone text message reminders for people with antipsychotic medication
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Mental health services for vulnerable children and young people : supporting children who are, or have been, in foster care
Raising martians from crash-landing to leaving home : how to help a child with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism
Multi-site musculoskeletal pain in adolescence: occurrence, determinants, and consequences
Work-related stress and different sources of social support as determinants of burnout in middle-aged women
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Teaching strategies : what to do to support young children's development
Last in line, last in school 2008 : how donors can support education for children affected by conflict and emergencies
Keys to citizenship : a guide to getting good support for people with learning disabilities
Caring teaching elements in an emergency context : teacher's conceptions of caring and protective teaching elements in Rwamwanja refugee settlement schools
Creative development in the early years foundation stage
When looking for a partner to conduct an outsourced service for a company, it is often the case that the decision of choosing a partner is not an objective one. In order to lend support to reaching a decision that is as objective as possible, the author has created a management tool to be used as a part of the process. The tool is a form that is filled out before inquiries are sent out to potential partners and key milestones are set in the management tool to distinguish the synergies that the company outsourcing is looking for and has established as being critical for the service provision to be successful whilst being provided by a third party. These milestones are then used to build the requests for proposals that are forwarded to pre-determined parties in a fashion that allows the project team or body to use the management tool to interpret the answers of the proposals received. The key aspects are graded and filled in to the tool according to the level the requirements are filled in. Once the grades have been filled in to the management tool, the tool then calculates the sum of the different parts that have been pre-specified and offers a possibility to give a weighted average to each deliverable and category, depending on the importance the category or deliverable has to the overall outsourcing project. The tool is not meant to be used as a single means of evaluating the process, but is designed to offer additional support and negate the potential influence any person has towards any of the potential partners and allows the evaluating body to thoroughly map all turn key deliverables and aspects necessary to make an educated decision without a risk of favouring one potential partner over another.
They still pick me up when I fall : the role of caring in youth development and community life
Support Services for International Degree Students
Relationships that support transgender youth
Cross-cultural adjustment of expatriate spouses and the role of organizational support
Partners in hope : a man`s guide to women`s breast cancer
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
Narratives of recovery from mental illness : the role of peer support
Family support : direction from diversity
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Learning disabilities : towards inclusion
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
The everything parent's guide to teenage addiction : a comprehensive and supportive reference to help your child recover from addiction
"Socially Responsible Leadership is a supplementary (and core) text for undergraduate and graduate courses in leadership, servant leadership, social leadership, service learning, and Social Entrepreneurship (the latter primarily as a supplement to aid in self-discovery about one's intended mission). A common complaint among faculty these days is that it is difficult to get students to read their texts. This book contains the following approaches and features to appeal to students and to support the curriculum: Thirty stories of real people: The leaders interviewed for this book are a highly diverse group. They range in age from 16 to 88 years old. Six of them are still under 30 but are leading important efforts in areas such as stopping child sexual exploitation, helping foster children, and building wells in countries where water is scarce. Both men and women, the interviewees are multicultural in origin and in focus. They come from countries as diverse as India, Canada, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and the United States. They are of different spiritual beliefs and religious backgrounds. Their educational levels range from middle school to doctorate level, and their incomes vary widely. Some are still in school; some have careers; some are retired. All are engaged in meaningful efforts to better the human condition somewhere in the world.End-of-chapter tools for self-discovery: These tools include exercises that encourage personal reflection as well as class discussion. This approach will pair well with additional content on leadership styles, models, and theories in a mainstream course. Focus on social responsibility, finding one's passion, and seeking personal meaning from one's work: Through the examples of the people profiled in this book and our research-based discussions, the book offers valuable insights into how each of us can connect with a social issue or need that we are passionate about and translate that connection into a meaningful, self-fulfilling helping experience. The book puts particular emphasis on identifying one's own strengths and finding ways in which those strengths can be put to use in the service of others. Chapter 9, A Larger Life, explores the relationship between helping others and personal happiness. End-of-book suggestions for getting started: A back-of-the-book section offers concrete suggestions for how to begin one's own journey toward helping others. An extended example is offered for how to take the first small step and then proceed in an incremental fashion to assuming increasing ownership of a helping effort. This step-by-step process of increasing personal responsibility is illustrated by a helpful chart titled ©þThe Spectrum of Involvement.©œ A resource section offers websites of organizations featured in the book for those who might have been inspired by the stories of the interviewees"--Provided by publisher.
Identifying, assessing, and treating self-injury at school
Swedish state cultural policy : objectives, measures and results : a report
Inclusive and adaptive teaching : meeting the challenge of diversity in the classroom
Trauma and Orthopaedics at a Glance is an easy-to-read, highly visual guide to orthopaedics. It comprehensively covers relevant basic science and clinically-oriented anatomy of the musculoskeletal system, and the diagnosis and management of trauma, sports injuries, paediatric orthopaedics, degenerative disease, and musculoskeletal tumours. Although primarily aimed at junior doctors and senior medical students, it is also useful for physiotherapists and nurse practitioners.
Lone parents, employment and social policy : cross-national comparisons
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
This book traces the evolution of connoisseurship in the booming Dutch art market of the seventeenth- and eighteenth centuries. The question whether or not seventeenth-century painters such as Rembrandt and Rubens created the paintings which were later sold under their names, has caused many a heated debate. Much is still unknown about the ways in which paintings were produced, assessed, priced, and marketed. Who was credited with the ability to assess paintings? How did a painting's price relate to its quality? And how did connoisseurship change as the art market became increasingly complex? This groundbreaking study includes insightful essays by, among others, Eric Jan Sluijter, Hans Van Miegroet and Neil De Marchi. It is not to be missed by anyone with an interest in the Old Masters and the early modern art market.
The humanitarian leader in each of us : 7 choices that shape a socially responsible life
Don't just applaud - send money! : the most succesfull strategies for funding and marketing the arts
A Guide to planning and support for individuals who are deafblind
Social interaction in the context of new literacies:pedagogical potentials of publishing-oriented learner-generated video production
Studying user experience of health behavior change support systems:a qualitative approach to individuals’ perceptions of web-based interventions
Islamic art & patronage : Treasures from Kuwait
An elephant and other actors / Marketta Seppälä
Child support : the legislation
Abstract (1 s.).
Art market and connoisseurship : a closer look at paintings by Rembrandt, Rubens and their contemporaries
Bright as a button : how to encourage your children's talents 0-5 years
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
The complete guide to behaviour for teaching assistants and support staff
First steps in counselling : a students' companion for introductory courses
Supporting women for labour and birth : a thoughtful guide
Impacts of the fertilizer subsidy programme in Malawi : targeting, household perceptions and preferences
Abstract:
Functional assessment : strategies to prevent and remediate challenging behavior in school settings
The book explores the reality of grief from different perspectives and provides some insightful help primarily to those trying to support a colleague, friend or family member who is being overwhelmed by their primal grief. Though the book contains important and practical material for those who are poleaxed by grief, the focus is on those around them who are struggling to understand, and feel that sense of helplessness in knowing what to do and say for the best.
Raising Girls : why girls are different - and how to help them grow up happy and confident
Kings, queens, and courtiers : art in early Renaissance France
