http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9138 view of men
view of men
Masculinities and culture
The trouble with men : masculinities in European and Hollywood cinema
The nude male : a new perspective
Masculinities in Polish, Czech and Slovak cinema : Black Peters and men of marble
Modern men : mapping masculinity in English and German literature, 1880-1930
The multiple identities of male characters in Kate Chopin's fiction
Refiguring the father : new feminist readings of patriarchy
When men dance : choreographing masculinities across borders
An unacknowledged diversity : heroines, heroes, and their relationships in popular romance
Behold the man : Jesus and Greco-Roman masculinity
Ways of being male : representing masculinities in children's literature and film
Male chauvinism : how it works at home and in the office
Real men or real teachers? : contradictions in the lives of men elementary school teachers
Man's estate : landed gentry masculinities, c.1660-c.1900
Masculinity and femininity in everyday life
Shakespeare and masculinity
The cottage
Thinly veiled desire - Magnus Enckell's portrayal of men / Juha-Heikki Tihinen
Adam in ads : a hhirty-year look at mediated masculinities in advertising in Finland and the US
Hard & soft : the male detective's body in contemporary European crime fiction
It's a man's world : men's adventure magazines, the postwar pulps
Manful assertions : masculinities in Britain since 1800
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
Leading men
Manly traditions : the folk roots of American masculinities
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
Adam in ads : a thirty-year look at mediated masculinities in advertising in Finland and the US
The way of men
Adam Sandler movies, HBO's Entourage, and such magazines as Maxim and FHM all trade in and appeal to one character - the modern boy-man. Addicted to video games, comic books, extreme sports, and dressing down, the boy-man would rather devote an afternoon to Grand Theft Auto than plan his next career move. He would rather prolong the hedonistic pleasures of youth than embrace the self-sacrificing demands of adulthood. When did maturity become the ultimate taboo? Men have gone from idolizing Cary Grant to aping Hugh Grant, shunning marriage and responsibility well into their twenties and thirties. Gary Cross, renowned cultural historian, identifies the boy-man and his habits, examining the attitudes and practices of three generations to make sense of this gradual but profound shift in American masculinity. Cross matches the rise of the American boy-man to trends in twentieth-century advertising, popular culture, and consumerism, and he locates the roots of our present crisis in the vague call for a new model of leadership that, ultimately, failed to offer a better concept of maturity. Cross does not blame the young or glorify the past. He finds that men of the "Greatest Generation" might have embraced their role as providers but were confused by the contradictions and expectations of modern fatherhood. Their uncertainty gave birth to the Beats and men who indulged in childhood hobbies and boyish sports. Rather than fashion a new manhood, baby-boomers held onto their youth and, when that was gone, embraced Viagra. Without mature role models to emulate or rebel against, Generation X turned to cynicism and sensual intensity, and the media fed on this longing, transforming a life stage into a highly desirable lifestyle. Arguing that contemporary American culture undermines both conservative ideals of male maturity and the liberal values of community and responsibility, Cross concludes with a proposal for a modern marriage of personal desire and ethical adulthood.
Media and male identity : the making and remaking of men
"Begotten, not made" : conceiving manhood in late antiquity
Hollywood genres and postwar America : masculinity, family and nation in popular movies and film noir
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
John Mills and British cinema : masculinity, identity and nation
Uneasy pleasure : the male as erotic object
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Gender and the media
The hypocritical and unholy trinity : homosociality, homophobia and repressed homoeroticism in Irvine Welsh's Filth and Marabou stork nightmares
This contribution to "men's studies" examines the emergence of masculinity as a marketing tool through the proliferation of men's style magazines, to the stylized images of masculinity which are used to sell products such as deodorants or jeans. The text explores how masculinity has been constructed in the consumer society, and analyzes the hierarchy of masculinity which valorizes some men and denigrates others. Starting with an historical review of men's fashion and a discussion of its importance and meanings, the author proceeds to analyze contemporary marketing of menswear and masculinity in advertising and the media, and considers the politics of fashion for men in terms of gender, class, race and sexuality.
The male body at war : American masculinity during World War II
Stephen Conroy : recent paintings : 19 June - 25 July 1992
From hard living to hardly living: masculinity in Raymond Carver's fiction
South Asian masculinities : context of change, sites of continuity
The man question : loves and lives in late 20th century Russia
Stiffed : the betrayal of the American man
Male order : unwrapping masculinity
Gill Plain presents this study of masculinity, national identity and the screen persona of the actor John Mills.
Allen Ellenzweig traces the male gaze upon men as captured by the camera throughout the history of photography. More than one hundred striking, provocative duotone photographs reflect a wide-ranging history of photographic male homoeroticism and the spiritual, physical, and intellectual exchange among men. Accompanying these images is a detailed account of the multiple, complex meanings of the homoerotic that have taken shape from the 1850s to today. Ellenzweig situates each of his artists within their historical context, with chapters devoted to specific photographers and eras. He begins with nineteenth-century French photographer Eugène Durieu and his studies of the male nude, created under the direction of painter Eugène Delacroix. He then takes readers all the way through the rebellious 1960s and the disputes surrounding Robert Mapplethorpe's controversial retrospective in 1989 and 1990. Showing that homoeroticism in photography is anything but a contemporary invention, Ellenzweig unites photographers across the stylistic spectrum within a theme that came to inspire a host of larger spiritual, physical, and intellectual ideals.
The autonomous male of Adam Smith
Stephen Conroy : recent paintings : 16 April - 4 June 1999
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
Taking it like a man : white masculinity, masochism, and contemporary American culture
White masculinity in the recent South
The stylist
How the west was lost : The changing male image in Sergio Leone's Once upon a time in the West
The world of Genesis : persons, places, perspectives
Yesterday's breadwinners in today's mixed salad : cultural representations of masculinity in advertising
This is an exciting new edition of R.W. Connell's ground–breaking text, which has become a classic work on the nature and construction of masculine identity. Connell argues that there is not one masculinity, but many different masculinities, each associated with different positions of power. In a world gender order that continues to privilege men over women, but also raises difficult issues for men and boys, his account is more pertinent than ever before. In a substantial new introduction and conclusion, Connell discusses the development of masculinity studies in the ten years since the book's initial publication. He explores global gender relations, new theories, and practical uses of mascunlinity research. Looking to the future, his new concluding chapter addresses the politics of masculinities, and the implications of masculinity research for understanding current world issues. Against the backdrop of an increasingly divided world, dominated by neo–conservative politics, Connell's account highlights a series of compelling questions about the future of human society. This second edition of Connell's classic book will be essential reading for students taking courses on masculinities and gender studies, and will be of interest to students and scholars across the humanities and social sciences.
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
Men in the mirror : men's fashion, masculinity and consumer society
From boys to men : formations of masculinity in late medieval Europe
Welcome to the candy shop : conceptual metaphors on gender and sexual activity in hip-hop lyrics
Staging masculinities : history, gender, performance
Chinese American masculinities : from Fu Manchu to Bruce Lee
Screencuts : an MA thesis about fashion and movies
The homoerotic photograph : male images from Durieu/Delacroix to Mapplethorpe
Masculinity and the other : historical perspectives
Universal hunks : a pictorial history of muscular men around the world, 1895-1975
Representing men : maleness and masculinity in the media
Swedish summary. - Sammanfattning.
The perfectible body : the Western ideal of male physical development
Typical men : the representation of masculinity in popular British cinema
Men of tomorrow : geeks, gangsters, and the birth of the comic book
A history of virility
Gender and nationalism in Finland in the early nineteenth century
Masculine domination is so deeply ingrained in our unconscious that we hardly perceive all of its dimensions. It is so much in line with our expectations that we struggle to call it fully into question. Pierre Bourdieu's ethnographic analysis of gender divisions in Kabyle society, as a living reservoir of the Mediterranean cultural tradition, provides a potent instrument for disclosing the symbolic structures of the androcentric unconscious which survives in the men and women of our own societies. Bourdieu analyses masculine domination as a paradigmatic form of symbolic violence - the kind of gentle, invisible, pervasive violence which is exercised through cognition and misrecognition, knowledge and sentiment, often with the unwitting consent of the dominated. To understand this form of domination we must analyse both its invariant features and the historical work of dehistoricization through which social institutions - family, school, church, state - eternalize the arbitrary at the root of men's power. This analysis leads directly to the political question: can we neutralize the mechanisms through which history is continuously turned into nature, thereby freeing the forces of change and accelerating the incipient transformations of the relations between the sexes?
Asphalto : an aria for 13 demolition derby cars & gas stations = Routemaster: theatre of the motor : special edition DVD
Manning up : how the rise of women has turned men into boys
Rebellious women : the new generation of  female African novelists
Masculinizing fatherhood : sexuality, marriage and race in the U.S. Fatherhood Responsibility Movement
Moski = male : Galerija sodobne umetnosti Celje Likovni salon Celje, 25. maj - 30. junij, 2001 = The Gallery of Contemporary Art Celje, Likovni salon Celje Gallery, 25 May - 30 June, 2001 / [edited by Erena Cercnik, Nevenka Sivavec]
Inclusive masculinity : the changing nature of masculinities
The first study on masculinity to focus on the English landed gentry. It covers the period from 1700 to 1900 and is based on several thousand letters written by 19 families. It concentrates on the common experiences of sons' upbringing, particularly schooling, university or business, foreign travel, and the move to family life and fatherhood.
Male myths and icons : masculinity in popular culture
A sky without eagles : selected essays and speeches 2010-2014
French post-modern masculinities : from neuromatrices to seropositivity
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Gay fandom and crossover stardom : James Dean, Mel Gibson, and Keanu Reeves
The developing father : emerging roles in contemporary society
Between rocks and hard places : ideological dilemmas in men's talk about health and gender
Playing activists and dancing anarchists : men and masculinities in cultural performances in contemporary Sweden
Across the Great Divide : cultures of manhood in the American West
Men and masculinities : theory, research and social practice
Michael Korda writes brilliantly and irreverently about what male chauvinism means, why men act the way they do toward women in business, marriage and sex--ways men are finally being asked to, forced to, abandon. He includes discussions with successful women such as Barbara Walters and Helen Gurley Brown.
Masculinity in medieval Europe
Y : the descent of men
Mysterious skin : male bodies in contemporary cinema
Masculinities and Culture explores how 'masculinities', or ways of 'being a man', are anchored in time and place; the products of socio-historical and cultural circumstances. It examines the emergence of a masculinity fit for Empire in the mid to late nineteenth century and, by way of contrast, the more recent media-driven, commercial New Man and New Lad masculinity. The author considers some of the media discourses shaping masculinities today, and the formation of specific masculinities in specific settings (such as prisons, hospitals and schools) which both define, and in turn are defined by, strongly held conceptions of acceptable masculine behaviour. He concludes by reviewing a range of ways in which masculinities might by researched, from fieldwork and auto/biographical and life history approaches through to semiotics and the use of both film and literary texts. This lively text provides a comprehensive introduction to contemporary debates concerning masculinities as gendered construction, along with the means of researching and theorizing them.
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
European perspectives on men and masculinities : national and transnational approaches
Men's viewpoints on gender equality
The male nude : a modern view : an exhibition
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Post-socialist masculinity, identity, work, and social change : an analysis of discursive (re)constructions of gender identity in novel social situations
What a man ought to be : a comparative study of dissimilarities in advertising for a male audience in British and Finnish men's lifestyle magazines
Men and masculinities in contemporary Japan : dislocating the salaryman doxa
Male fantasies. 1, Women, floods, bodies, history
