http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9139 forwarding (freight)
forwarding (freight)
Freight Forwarding in the Chinese Market
Project plan for acquiring Foreign Military Sales (FMS) freight forwarding and transportation services from the United States
Managing the supply chain : a strategic perspective
Supply chains to virtual integration
International logistics
The management of business logistics : a supply chain perspective
The handbook of logistics and distribution management
Logistics management in Finnish foreign trade transport
Purchasing and supply chain management
Strategic logistics management
Building a logistics partnership with chinese forwarding agents
Vakiolaivausehdot 1996 / Standard shipping terms 1996 / Finnish Section of the ICC
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Supply chain management : strategy, planning, and operation
Illustrated dictionary of cargo handling
A basic guide to international business law
The aim of this thesis was to improve and ease the customs clearance process for corporate X's channel specialists. The main objective was to increase the number of direct clearances without increasing the number of amendments and complaints. All corporate X's shipments are declared by a forwarding agency. In this case direct clearances means that the customs declaration has been handled by a forwarding agent who has no need to ask customs clearance instructions from the corporate X's channel specialists. The practical part of this thesis includes complementary sheets for the forwarding guide which was made by Minna Raussi on her thesis in 2014. One of those sheets consists information a forwarding agency can use when clearing one of corporate X's vendor's shipments through customs. Another sheet includes material descriptions and codes which were collected from several commercial invoices to ease the definition of CN-codes in the shipments. In addition, a reporting tool was updated to meet the requirements for a weekly follow-up better. The theoretical part includes import activities and aspects that must be considered when declaring goods from the third countries. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing. The complementary sheets were made as preparation in August and the monitoring period lasted for four months from the beginning of September till the end of December. Analyzing was made during and after the monitoring period. The results and improvements were evaluated together with the channel specialists. There were undeniable facts that improvements made in August increased the number of direct clearances on the monitoring period.
The Middle East Supply Centre
Freight forwarding company development into a third party logistics company in China
The economics of urban transportation
Elements of shipping
Approaches to supply chain risk management : identification, analysis and control
Estimating company's competitive advantage : case Edward Air Cargo B.V
Intermodal transportation and carrier liability
How to improve the effectiveness of sales people? : case: DHL Express
Analyzing and optimizing the order process at the freight forwarder
Improving warehouse activities through product positioning using abc-analysis
Improvement of import clearance process : case: Microsoft Mobile Oy
FIATA Legal Handbook on Forwarding
Distributor : the Finnish logistics review
Transport and logistics
International commercial transactions
Factors influencing the choice of transportation route of discharge in transactions from UK to Finland
Cases and materials on the carriage of goods by sea
The impact of logistics and the supply chain on climate change
Prospects for logistics in Europe in the 1990s
Developing inbound logistics at PerkinElmer Turku site
Contemporary logistics
Dictionary of shipping terms
Analysis and development of the freight forwarding business
Purchasing and supply management
Tiivistelmä: Aircraft maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia.
Abstract: Operation manual for air couriers : Case Panalpina.
Relationship quality in aviation ground handling industry
The freight forwarding services provider : case study Green Integrated Logistics
Handbook of logistics and distribution management
Shipbroking and chartering practice
Trans Siberian railway operators in Russian Far East
Reengineering marketing strategies : case: Eclipse Systems Tmi.
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
Carriage of goods by sea in the practice of the USSR Maritime Arbitration Commission
Retail supply chain management
The law of freight forwarding and the 1992 FIATA multimodal transport bill of lading
Economics of shipping practice and management
Supply chain management : strategy, planning and operation
International logistics and supply chain outsourcing : from local to global
International standard banking practice : for the examination of documents under documentary credits
Computerized cargo planning for forest product distribution
Air Freight Service Development Plan : Case: CMA CGM Logistics Vietnam
Purchasing and supply management : with 50 supply chain cases
Purhcase invoice to pay process
Freight forwarding and multi-modal transport
Export practice and management
Successful delivery solutions of Parker Hannifinn Oy Finn-Filter
The future of maritime logistics across the Baltic Sea area
Forwarding guide for Nokia Finland
International trade manual
Improving air cargo express services
Designing a sea freight e-tendering form for export purposes : Company X
Carriage of steel cargoes : guidelines for members, masters and surveyors
Linked : VR Transpoint customer magazine
Third party logistics - Finnish and Swedish experiences
Operation manual for air couriers : Case Panalpina
Five Baltic ports together : forecasts, trends and recommendations
Costing tool in logistics planning
Carriage of goods by sea, land and air : unimodal and multimodal transport in the 21st century
Market study - the port of Kokkola and its competitors on the West coast of Finland
Choosing an export forwarding service provider : case Company A
Steveco : Steveco oy:n henkilöstölehti
This thesis was planned according to the needs of the case company, which is a Finnish company in the brewing and soft drink industry. The company's interest was to ease the tendering of sea freight when exporting. The project objective was to design an electronic tendering form for sea freight. In order to collect data to support the designing of the form, a literature review and a small-scale qualitative research were. The literature review studied maritime export and tendering process, as well as the transportation of the export goods. The author implemented a qualitative research in order to gain a deeper understanding of freight forwarding, freight rates and the features that would make the tendering form functional. The author interviewed three (3) freight-forwarding companies for the research. The author also studied the case company's previously used method of tendering. The data collection methods for this consisted of interviews, phone calls and emails with the contact people from the case company, as well as secondary data in the form of previous tenders. The time span of the project was roughly a year. The contract was signed in December 2012 and the project was completed in November 2013. The outcome of the project is an Excel document, which encloses instructions sheet, tender sheets, an additional sheet to ease the collection of primary data from the tenders, as well as a complementary cover letter containing further information required by the tenderers. The final products of the thesis is available in the Attachments 7, 8, 9 and 10.
The management of business logistics
Explains the nuts and bolts of logistics and distribution. Covering the major elements of modern logistics, this guide includes chapters on: supply chain segmentation, air transport, maritime transport, outsourcing services and decision making and outsourcing management. It provides an explanation of the various technologies. Newly updated, it includes revisions to essential areas such as manufacturing logistics, integrated logistics, process design and home delivery.
Doing business abroad : how to start trading successfully in international markets
Analysing the efficiency of the logistics process among KONE Elevators Lt. KDI, KONE Elevators Ltd. Co. Kunshan, China and KONE Distributors
Maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia
Abtract.
Freight forwarding in the chinese market
The purpose of this thesis was to increase the efficiency of Nokia's logistic specialists. The main objectives were to increase the number of direct clearances and to decrease the amount of amendments and complaints. Direct clearances means that the whole customs declaration has been handled without the consignee's participation. In Nokia's case this means that a forwarding agency handles the whole customs clearance. The practical part of this thesis includes a forwarding guide and the theoretical part describes import activities in general and more detailed information that is introduced in the guide. The information for this thesis has been gathered by observing and interviewing relevant employees at Nokia and DHL. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing the gathered information. Preparation included the making of the guide. The monitoring period lasted for five months and after that the development had to be analyzed. The guide is a separate Excel worksheet but the thesis includes some pictures and other information taken from the guide. The theoretical part creates a frame for the guide and opens up the terms used in the guide. The last part of the thesis concentrates on results and conclusions, including some future plans. The results for this thesis were notable. All the goals were reached and all the parties were satisfied with the results.
