http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9134 age difference
age difference
The last of Robin Hood
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 4, Dual conclusions
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
A certain smile
Hotel Iris
Cherry
Sähköinen kohtaaminen = White palace : collectors edition
Aunt Julia and the scriptwriter
Miehuuskoe : The graduate : special edition
The winter war
Ancient light
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 5
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 1, Meiji swordsman romantic story
Laughter in the dark
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 3, A reason to act
The Oranges
In my house
Lost in translation
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 2, The two hitokiri
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Mayumi and the sea of happiness
Tarnished beauty : a novel
Harold and Maude
The rights of desire
Other people's husbands
Hello my name is Doris
The social construction of age : adult foreign language learners
Don Jon
The reader : [a novel]
This book explores the social construction of age in the context of EFL in Mexico. It is the first book to address the age factor in SLA from a social perspective. Based on research carried out at a public university in Mexico, it investigates how adults of different ages experience learning a new language and how they enact their age identities as language learners. By approaching the topic from a social constructionist perspective and in light of recent work in sociolinguistics and cultural studies, it broadens the current second language acquisition focus on age as a fixed biological or chronological variable to encompass its social dimensions. What emerges is a more complex and nuanced understanding of age as it intersects with language learning in a way that links it fundamentally to other social phenomena, such as gender, ethnicity and social class.
Room for love
The private lives of Pippa Lee
Whatever happened to my sister?
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 6, No worries
The oranges : writers: Ian Helfer, Jay Reiss
All we shall know
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian
Body burden of 137Cs in Finnish lapps in March 1972
The invisible bridge
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 7, In the 11th year of Meiji, may 14th
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 8, On the east sea road
Monster's ball
Precocious
The summer Fletcher Greel loved me
Secret tree fort
The cradle snatcher
Meet Monica Velour
The reader
Things your mother never told you
Managing an age diverse workforce
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 10, Mitsurugi, master and student
Whatever works
A thousand splendid suns
Song of the skylark
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Effects of the environment, genes, gender, and age on body image
Calling me home
Tapestry of fortunes : a novel
Tomorrow there will be apricots
Perfect mothers
Crazy kind of love
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 9, Arrival in Kyoto
The younger man
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
