http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9137 manhood
manhood
American manhood : transformations in masculinity from the Revolution to the modern era
Recurrent features in Iris Murdoch's religious male characters
He was some kind of a man : masculinities in the B western
Recreating men : postmodern masculinity politics
In the first comprehensive history of American manhood, E. Anthony Rotundo sweeps away the groundless assumptions and myths that inform the current fascination with men's lives. Opposing the views of men's movement leaders and best-selling authors who maintain that manliness is eternal and unchanging, Rotundo stresses that our concept of manhood is man-made and that, like any human invention, it has a history. American Manhood is a fascinating account of how our understanding of what it means to be a man has changed over time.
Perfumes between Venus and Mars : how gender categorization of perfumes is (not) related to odor perception and odor preference
Unmasking the masculine : "men" and "identity" in a sceptical age
Sport is about men - or is it?
Aspects of manhood in four nineteenth-century novels: Great expectations, The adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Jane Eyre & The scarlet letter
Sexual Difference is a critical exploration of psychoanalytic theories of sexual difference. In particular it explores the way in which masculinity is expressed in theory and practice. Developing from the unsettling impact of these issues on the author's own professional practice, Stephen Frosh examines how the very language and structure of psychoanalysis are loaded with assumptions about gender. Employing both Kleinian and Lacanian theoretical perspectives this book critically examines these approacheds to sexial difference. In addition, it discusses the application of these issues in the practice of treating sexual violence and in cases of child secual abuse. Sexual Difference will be of value to all trainees and professionals in psychotherapy, psychoanalysis, psychology and social work, as well as all those with an interest in `masculinity', `femininity' and their effects.
Men of the world : genders, globalizations, transnational times
The man question : loves and lives in late 20th century Russia
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
Material man : masculinity, sexuality, style
The man question : male subordination and privilege
'Male' and 'female' in developing Southeast Asia
Thinking men : masculinity and its self-representation in the classical tradition
Manufactured masculinity : making imperial manliness, morality and militarism
Women in literature : reading through the lens of gender
Plural masculinities : the remaking of the self in private life
Manhood in America : a cultural history
Reinventing the sexes : feminism and biomedical construction of feminity and masculinity 1959-1985
The decline of men : how the American male is getting axed, giving up, and flipping off his future
When men think private thoughts
Norma : nordisk tidsskrift for maskulinitetsstudier
The trials of masculinity : policing sexual boundaries 1870-1930
Deerslayers with degrees : in quest of new kinds of masculinities in the landscape in travelogues by Chatwin and Jose
Men and masculinities around the world : transforming men's practices
Challenging hegemonic masculinity
The hearts of men : American dreams and the flight from commitment
Male myths and icons : masculinity in popular culture
Recreating sexual politics : men, feminism and politics
This anthology takes us beyond the status of masculinity itself, questioning society's and the media's normative concepts of the masculine, and considering the extent to which men and women can transcend these stereotypes and prescriptions.
The throwback special : a novel
Men in African film and fiction
Thirteen ways of looking at a man : psychoanalysis and masculinity
Defoe's fiction and manliness : contrary men
Wild at heart : field manual ; a personal guide to discovering the secret of your masculine soul
New men : manliness in early America
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
Between Morocco and Spain : men, migrant smuggling and a dispersed Moroccan community
Masculinity and the other : historical perspectives
Black males and white masculinity in four Renaissance tragedies of blood
Sexual difference : masculinity and psychoanalysis
Leisure pursuits : studies in modernity, masculinity, homosexuality and late modernity : a survey of some results
The way of men
This is a sociohistorical study of the concept of "manliness" in the late Victorian and Edwardian periods. The contributors examine the distinctive nature of Victorian masculine stereotypes, the means by which these concepts were disseminated and their translation into codes of conduct.
Plural Masculinities offers a contemporary portrait of the plural dynamics and forms of masculinity, emphasizing the multiple, even contradictory, pathways through which men are remaking their identities. Proceeding from the premise that it is impossible to fully understand masculinity without considering its connection with family change and women's change, it places men and masculinities within the realm of family life, examining men's practices and discourses in their relationships with women and their changing femininities. Combining an empirical study based in Portugal with cross-national analyses of attitudes towards ideal gender arrangements in Europe and the USA, this book examines the various ways in which men come to define their identities and will appeal to those working in the fields of masculinities, gender studies and the sociology of the family.
Considered the Bible of men's studies, the meticulously researched The Myth of Male Power takes the listener around the world, throughout history, biology, the Bible, the law, and everyday life, challenging every assumption about men. The Myth of Male Power distinguishes between men s institutional power and genuine power. Farrell says genuine power is "control over one's life." He documents that virtually every society that has survived has done so by persuading its sons to be disposable--whether in war or in work; and therefore indirectly as dads. And disposability is not power. Farrell explains, "The road to high pay is a toll road tolls such as working more hours, and taking 24 of the 25 worst jobs..."; Farrell posits that men have mistakenly defined power as feeling obligated to earn money someone else spends while he dies sooner. In the past, Farrell says, neither sex had power; both sexes had roles: women's role: raise children; men's role: raise money. Our grandparents didn't preach rights they preached responsibilities and obligations. Both genders sacrificed so their children s lives would be better than theirs. Dr. Farrell challenges the belief that men made the rules to benefit men at the expense of women. He writes that if the rules were designed to just benefit men, then women would be socialized to desire and initiate sex with men, pay on dates, buy men diamonds; there would be female-only draft registration; and post- divorce, women would be the sex most likely to lose their home and children.
Men in the mirror : men's fashion, masculinity and consumer society
Men, masculinities and methodologies
Marked men : white masculinity in crisis
Gender check : femininity and masculinity in the art of Eastern Europe : Museum Moderner Kunst Stiftung Ludwig, Wien, 13.11.2009 - 14.2.2010 : Zacheta National Gallery of Art, Warsaw, 19.3.2010 - 13.6.2010 / edited by Bojana Pejic
He : understanding masculine psychology
An introduction to masculinities
Representing men : maleness and masculinity in the media
Manning up : how the rise of women has turned men into boys
Male matters : masculinity, anxiety, and the male body on the line
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Freetime machos
The concept of gender continues to be a central issue in literary and cultural studies, with a significance that crosses disciplinary boundaries and provokes lively debate. In this fully revised and updated second edition, David Glover and Cora Kaplan offer a lucid and illuminating introduction to 'gender' and its implications, including:an overview of the critical language and concepts surrounding gender from their historical inception to contemporary debates ; discussions of the major theorists in the field updated and extended coverage of lesbian and queer theory ; a new glossary of terms essential to an understanding of the debate on gender in contemporary theory. With its impressive breadth and depth of coverage, this volume offers not only a comprehensive history of this complex term, but also indicates its ongoing presence in literary and cultural theory and the new directions it is taking.
Dark Age Bodies reconstructs the gender ideology of monastic masculinity through an investigation of early medieval readings of the body and its parts. It brings together scholarship in architectural history and cultural anthropology to frame an important reconsideration of Carolingian culture.
Save the males : why men matter why women should care
Studying men and masculinities
The late-twentieth-century anxiety about a 'crisis in masculinity' still persists today, particularly in English-speaking cultures. Studying Men and Masculinities offers an engaging and comprehensive overview of masculinity. Drawing on a wide range of cultural practices and texts from different genres and media, David Buchbinder examines the notion of patriarchy and the challenges to patriarchal power, including queer theory. The book considers whether crisis may in fact be built into the very structure of the masculine, and examines emergent masculinities post-9/11. Theoretical positions within the field are clearly explained and applied to real life case studies from literature, film, and television. Interspersed in each chapter are a series of questions and tasks aimed at encouraging the reader to engage her/himself in the study of masculinities in everyday life and popular culture.
Sexualizing the social : power and the organization of sexuality
Men as workers in services for young children : issues of a mixed gender workforce : proceedings of a seminar held at Henley on Thames, 29-31 May 1997
MTV and teen pregnancy : critical essays on 16 and pregnant and Teen mom
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
Dick for a day : what would you do if you had one?
"Konner traces the arc of evolution to explain the relationships between women and men, ... [exploring] the knotty question of whether men are necessary in the biological destiny of the human race. He draws on multiple, colorful examples from the natural world--such as the mating habits of the octopus, black widow, angler fish, and jacana--and argues that maleness in humans is hardly necessary to the survival of the species"--Dust jacket flap.
The place of dead roads
Stiffed : the betrayal of the modren man
The man who never was : Freudian tales
Being boys, being girls : learning masculinities and femininities
Four pillars of a man's heart : king warrior mentor friend bringing strength into balance
When men were men : masculinity, power & identity in classical antiquity
Male impersonators : men performing masculinity
Masculinity in the black imagination : politics of communicating race and manhood
The male in analysis : psychoanalytic and cultural perspectives
Dark age bodies : gender and monastic practice in the early medieval West
Men's ways of being
Cary Grant : comedy and male desire
Feminist researchers have produced a large body of critical scholarship on methodologies as they pertain to the study of women. However, questions about issues such as power, positionality and ethics in research related to men and masculinities have remained largely unaddressed. This is despite the fact that research on men and masculinities has grown exponentially in recent years, as is evidenced by the increasing number of scholarly books and journals on the subject. In this book researchers reflect on their experiences of studying men and masculinities from the perspective of topics ranging from internet dating and violence to social inclusion and rock climbing. They also canvass how we can address difference and diversity amongst men and between masculinities in our methodological approaches. Through the lens of masculinity studies the authors contribute to broader methodological debates about subjects such as field access, insider-outsider positioning and qualitative versus quantitative approaches.
Manliness and morality : middle-class masculinity in Britain and America, 1800-1940
Against art : the notebooks
Monumental anxieties : homoerotic desire and feminine influence in 19th-century U.S. literature
Asian masculinities : the meaning and practice of manhood in China and Japan
Representations of changing masculinities in two novels by Tony Parsons
Just boys doing business? : Men, masculinities and crime
Rethinking masculinity : philosophical explorations in light of feminism
War and sex : a brief history of men's urge for battle
The new Arab man : emergent masculinities, technologies, and Islam in the Middle East
Phantom menaces : the politics of rumour, securitisation and masculine identities in the shadows of the ninjas
Men and masculinities in Europe
Act like a man : challenging masculinities i American drama
Rethinking gender : masculinity, femininity and queerity in postcolonial Indian fiction
The decline of males
Spreading misandry : the teaching of contempt for men in popular culture
Father, lover, hero . . . we all have powerful images of "manhood," visions of dream and nightmare. Why do we cling to them so strongly? What harm do they do to us? How can we put it right? To bring these vital issues to life, therapist Janet Sayers tells us stories -- 15 case studies that show both sexes acting out different male stereotypes -- pervert, tomboy, wimp, tough-guy, or Superman. They also trace the way these figures fuel depression, obsessive behavior, or severe, schizoid break-up of personality. These powerful modern tales urge us to make ourselves conscious of our deep, imagined ideas of men and masculinity.
Gender gap : the biology of male-female differences
The descent of man
Fractured loyalties : masculinity, class and politics in Britain, 1900-30
Rediscovering masculinity : reason, language, and sexuality
Jarmo Mäkilä : [miesten huone : Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo, Taidemuseo Tennispalatsi, 17.9. - 16.11.2008 = men's room : Helsinki City Art Museum, Art Museum Tennis Palace , 17th September -16th November 2008] / [artikkeli = article: Mika Hannula]
What is it about crime that makes it 'men's work'? Can we imagine masculinity without crime? This is the first book of its kind to bring contributors from three continents together to examine the relationship between masculinity and crime. Covering such areas as policing, prisons, violence against women, homicide, white-collar crime, and male victimisation, this book will force us to rethink many aspects of masculinity and crime.
Ways of being male : representing masculinities in children's literature and film
Manful assertions : masculinities in Britain since 1800
The masculinity studies reader
Masculinities in theory : an introduction
The changing definition of masculinity
Manhood at Harvard : William James and others
Presenting a survey of the social, cultural and theoretical issues which surround and inform our understanding of masculinity, this book explores the interface between traditional sociological approaches and the work covered by more post-structural, media-driven or cultural perspectives. Edwards well known for his work on representations of masculinities, uses grounded examples of the job market and domestic violence to set his theoretical discussion. He argues that there is a need for more dialogue on men and masculinities between disciplines, and considers the validity of the concerns and anxieties which surround masculinity in the contemporary world through a range of key topics, including: the new man, the new lad and 'men's movements'; men, masculinity and violence, marginalized masculinities: black masculinity and gay male sexuality; queer theory, performativity and fashion; cinema, representation and the body.
A cautionary analysis of the state of American manhood contends that today's men are losing jobs, forfeiting their educations, and leading increasingly single and isolated lives in their preference for recreational and virtual existences.
"Rethinking Masculinity" brings together 14 essays, many published here for the first time, by male philosophers sympathetic to feminism. Together, they approach the variety of experiences of being a male in Western culture in an attempt to provide reasonable analyses of what is wrong with the traditional model of masculinity and to offer plausible suggestions for change that will redefine the roles men can play as nurturers, as intimates, and as partners in today's world.
"Begotten, not made" : conceiving manhood in late antiquity
The myth of male power : why men are the disposable sex
The man of reason : 'male' and 'female' in western philosophy
Engaging men in the fight against gender violence : case studies from Africa
The masculine masquerade : masculinity and representation
"How to be a Real Gay takes its title from a series of workshops organised by gay activists in the small town of Ermelo, South Africa. Focusing on everyday practices of gayness in hair salons, churches, taverns and meeting halls, it explores the ambivalent space that homosexuality occupies in newly democratic South Africa: on the one hand, protection of gay rights is a litmus test for our Constitutional democracy, yet on the other, homosexuality is seen to threaten traditional values, customs and beliefs. This book is the first to emerge that recounts how gays in small-town South Africa negotiate this difficult symbolic terrain. How do discourses on international gay and lesbian social movements and gay equality hang together with local views on identity, gender and relationships? Why do small-town gays harness fashion, style and glamour in the making and sustaining of identity? How do economically vulnerable gays organize, access resources and create networks linking small towns to cities? How to be a Real Gay delves to the core of what it means to be other in contexts of risk, exclusion and inclusion. In its richly textured way, it also speaks to the tremendous capacity of gays to imagine and create life worlds in a harsh environment."--Publisher's website.
An analysis of recent cultural evolution argues that the abandonment by men of the traditional male commitment to the "breadwinner ethic" has had the greatest impact on changing sex roles.
One of the most central issues for women's prospects for equality is whether man can and will change. Changing the social relations of gender will involve changing menÆs subjectives as well as their daily practices. This book asks whether this is possible. Bob Pease examines how men, who are supportive of feminism, are responding to the feminist challenge, through an exploration of their experiences and dilemmas in trying to live out their feminist commitment and resist hegemonic forms of masculinity. The book is driven by practical as well as theoretical concerns, and aims to develop strategies that will promote the process of change towards equality in gender relations. Drawing on a critical postmodern theoretical framework, Pease argues that it is possible for men to reposition themselves in patriarchal discourses and to reformulate their interests in challenging gender domination. Recreating Men will be invaluable reading for academics and students of gender studies, and of interest to students of sociology, psychology and political sociology.
Fatherhood and masculinities : a comparative study of the ideals and realities of fatherhood and masculinity in Britain and Sweden
Boys, boyz, bois : an ethics of Black masculinity in film and popular media
Calvin Thomas's Male Matters reveals the act and production of writing as a bodily, material process that transgresses the boundaries of gender Wise and quirky, sophisticated and coarse, serious and hilarious, this look at male identity and creativity and dislocation at the end of the twentieth century definitely will not assuage male anxiety!
Constructing masculinity
Mens sana in corpore sano: sport and the development of manliness at the English public school 1830-1880
The intimacy & solitude self-therapy book
Man (dis)connected : how the digital age is changing young men forever
In Male Impersonators, Mark Simpson explores the range of male life and masculinity, posing witty and important questions about bodybuilding, tatoos, pornography, cruising, advertising, and team sports. Simpson looks at how gay men appropriate the skinhead phenomenon and why; how Marky Mark exploits the hustler mystique and hwat it says to gay and straight men; how the Men's movement is being sought out by men - straight or gay - who feel alienated from a macho culture, and compares the participation and reactions of men to various "manly pursuits." Throughout, Male Impersonators examines the roles of homoeroticism and narcissism in the male world, and the performativity of masculinity itself.
Fatherhood in Late Modernity : Cultural Images, Social Practices, Structural Frames
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
This book explores the challenges posed to "masculine identity" during a period of growing scepticism about the idea of fixed identities. Postmodernism and poststructuralism have produced new ways of thinking about the indicidual and the social. They have undermined the assumptions on which stable identities have been constructed, such as the assumption that there exists stable bodies and stable selves. "Sex," "gender," "sexuality," and "race" are no longer viewed as merely descriptive aspects of experience, but also as constructions of "identity." Scholars researching and writing in the academic area of men's studies and of member of the pro-feminist men's movement have failed to engage with recent theory and to criticall reflect on the epistemology of masculinity. Increasingly, the field of men's studies is looking like a separatist enterprise and many strands of the men's movement are clearly reactionary. Scholars and activists have neglected recent developments in postmodern feminism, feminist philosophy of science, antiracist/postcolonial studies, and queer theory, which pose important questions for thinking about men, masculinity, sexuality, and identity. Masculinity has tended to be treated in isolation from power relations and historical and global contexts. This book attempts to rethink masculinities. It considers the way in which discourse fabricates the "ideal" male body, sexual identity, and sexual identity politics. The book explores the possibilities of new models of identity not so closely linked to the sex/gender system and for a new or reconceptualized identity politics. Fresh, lucid, and invigorating, this book provides a stimulating guide to the debates around men and masculinities as well as opening up new questions for researchers and teachers to consider. It will be required reading for students in sociology, cultural studies, and sexualities.
A sky without eagles : selected essays and speeches 2010-2014
This contribution to "men's studies" examines the emergence of masculinity as a marketing tool through the proliferation of men's style magazines, to the stylized images of masculinity which are used to sell products such as deodorants or jeans. The text explores how masculinity has been constructed in the consumer society, and analyzes the hierarchy of masculinity which valorizes some men and denigrates others. Starting with an historical review of men's fashion and a discussion of its importance and meanings, the author proceeds to analyze contemporary marketing of menswear and masculinity in advertising and the media, and considers the politics of fashion for men in terms of gender, class, race and sexuality.
What a man's gotta do : the masculine myth in popular culture
Murdering masculinities : fantasies of gender and violence in the American crime novel
Taking it like a man : white masculinity, masochism, and contemporary American culture
Fathering, masculinity and the embodiment of care
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Dawn of the dragonslayer
Y : the descent of men
Language, eros, being : kabbalistic hermeneutics and poetic imagination
Masculinities in Chinese history
The male body at war : American masculinity during World War II
How to be a real gay : gay identities in small-town South Africa
Masculinity goes to school
Masculinity and popular television
Cultures of masculinity
Masculinities, violence and culture
Men and development : politicizing masculinities
A man's world? : changing men's practice in a globalized world
Migrant men : critical studies of masculinities and the migration experience
All that man is
A short history of manliness : outlines of "Virtus" in Roman Republican literature until Livy : a contribution to the history of virtue ethics
