http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9142 alcoholism
alcoholism
My dad's a policeman
Heavy drinking : the myth of alcoholism as a disease
Alcoholism treatment in transition
Each day a new beginning ; [kuvittanut David Spohn]
Sweet deception
Finnish drinking habits : a review of research and trends in acute effects of heavy drinking
Easy way to control alcohol
An attempt to correct some of the misstatements made by Sir Victor Horsley ... and Mary D. Sturge ... in their criticisms of the Galton Laboratory Memoir: "A First Study of the Influence of Parental Alcoholism, &c." [by Ethel M. Elderton, assisted by K. Pearson]
The woman on the bus
The lost weekend
Al-Anon's twelve steps & twelve traditions
Working with the problem drinker : a solution-focused approach
ABC of Alcohol
Alcoholic addiction : a psycho-social approach to abnormal drinking
Alcohol treatment : a study of therapists and clients
A note on holocultural generalizations and historical fluctuations in aggregate drinking
The bat
Images of alcoholism
The alcoholism problems : selected issues
Vanishing acts
Eight years ago, Charlie lost her brother in a mountaineering accident. She's come a long way since, or rather has fallen a long way down... A drop out, an alcoholic and promiscuous to boot, she is a constant disappointment to her family. Eight years ago, Richard Davenport watched his best friend die. Now a successful businessman, he's never forgotten the promise he made to Charlie's brother that he would keep her safe. But how do you go about saving someone hell-bent on self-destruction? One night Charlie goes too far and Richard is her only option for help. Can he break through and stop her lying to herself? Or will Charlie finally succeed in tumbling over the edge...
The tenant of Wildfell Hall
Post office : a novel
Outcome of alcoholism in women : a follow-up study of 55 women 3-10 years after treatment
The devil's star
How to measure outcome in alcoholism treatment studies? : [Letters to the editor]
Women
The adventures of Tintin : a novel
The caller
How to quit without feeling s**t
The street
Disturbing the peace
Alcohol abuse
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
Abstaining from alcohol and labour market underperformance : have we forgotten the "dry" alcoholics?
The lonely passion of Judith Hearne
The outrun
Alcohol and crime : study prepared at the request of the Council of Europe
DRD4 dopamine receptor genotype and CSF monoamine metabolites in Finnish alcoholics and controls
Alcohol misuse : a European perspective
Tainted love
The role of alcohol and steroid hormones in human aggression
The girl on the train : [a novel]
We are not ourselves : a novel
The girl on the train
Alcoholism : the facts
Deterring the drinking driver : legal policy and social control
The good house
The irresistible inheritance of Wilberforce : a novel in four vintages
Alcoholic psychoses in Finland
Rock bottom : dark moments in music Babylon
This charming man
Alcoholism : development, consequences, and interventions
Father of the rain
It only hurts when I pee
Alcoholism and alcohol dependence : clinical perspectives
Alcohol reinforcement : genetic differences and attenuation by opioid antagonists
Genetic and environmental factors in alcoholic heart muscle disease
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Neglected : true stories of children's search for love in and out of the care system
All the way : my life on ice
Governing habits : treating alcoholism in the post-Soviet clinic
One step closer to you
The course of alcoholism : four years after treatment
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Hangover Square : a story of darkest Earl's Court
The biographical illusion : constructing meaning in qualitative interviews
The old-time saloon : not wet - not dry, just history
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
Treating alcoholism
Alcohol and public policy : evidence and issues
Neuropsychological assessment in alcohol dependence
Alcohol problems and alcoholism : a comprehensive survey
The encyclopedia of alcoholism
Handbook of alcoholism treatment approaches : effective alternatives
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Alcohol : the prevention debate
International handbook of alcohol dependence and problems
"Critics of narcology--as addiction medicine is called in Russia--decry it as being "backward," hopelessly behind contemporary global medical practices in relation to addiction and substance abuse, and assume that its practitioners lack both professionalism and expertise. On the basis of his research in a range of clinical institutions managing substance abuse in St. Petersburg, Eugene Raikhel increasingly came to understand that these assumptions and critiques obscured more than they revealed. Governing Habits is an ethnography of extraordinary sensitivity and awareness that shows how therapeutic practice and expertise is expressed in the highly specific, yet rapidly transforming milieu of hospitals, clinics, and rehabilitation centers in postSoviet Russia. Rather than interpreting narcology as a Soviet survival or a local clinical world on the wane in the face of globalizing evidence-based medicine, Raikhel examines the transformation of the medical management of alcoholism in Russia over the past twenty years"--
Mu opioid receptor gene variants : lack of association with alcohol dependence
Children of alcoholics : genetic predisposition, fetal alcohol syndrome, vulnerability to disease, social and environmental issues
Studies on alcohol habits : development and problems in a birth cohort of Swedish males
ABC of alcohol
This work discusses healthy versus unhealthy alcohol consumption, describes the health benefits of consuming alcohol in moderation, and explains how alcohol influences the brain and body. Scientific research has clearly established that drinking in moderation has many health benefits, including maintaining a healthy heart. Yet, many people do not know that drinking red wine protects the heart more than white wine, while beer, margaritas, and hard liquor are less effective in providing such protection. And while alcoholism is a serious problem requiring medical and psychological treatment, for those who are not addicted, drinking alcohol is not necessarily a bad habit. The problem is to distinguish between drinking sensibly and drinking insensibly. The author clearly outlines what constitutes healthy drinking and its attendant health benefits, offers advice on how to drink responsibly, and provides insight into just how alcohol works on the brain and the body. Questions this book addresses include:  What constitutes a safe drinking and what is excessive drinking; Understand how much drinking is safe before driving home; Why red wine is superior to other alcoholic beverages for protecting heart; Why underage drinking can cause severe brain damage; Why drinking during pregnancy is dangerous; Why heavy drinking can cause severe liver disease.  After reading this book, readers will enjoy their next drink with a fuller and safer understanding of why they're enjoying it.
Babysitting George
Compulsory treatment of alcoholics : psychiatric comorbidity, psychological characteristics, coercive experiences and outcome
Sixteen-year-old Maya and seventeen-year-old Lochan tell, in their separate voices, of their confusion and longing as they fall in love with one another after years of functioning as parents to three younger siblings due to their alcoholic mother's neglect / Library of Congress.
Alcohol problems in the community
The bird eater
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Alcohol and cancer among men : public health impact and perspectives
The dead student
The porcupine of truth
Alcohol interventions : historical and sociocultural approaches
The natural history of alcoholism revisited
Alcoholism : a comparison of treatment and advice, with a study of the influence of marriage
The alcohol problem in Finland up to date
Practical skills and clinical management of alcoholism & drug addiction
Addiction & recovery for beginners
Research in social policy : a research annual. Vol. 2 : 1990
What does alcohol cost the economy?
The 30 day sobriety solution : how to cut back or quit drinking in the privacy of your own home
Understanding and counseling the alcholic : through religion and psychology
Living with his alcoholic father on a broken-down sailboat on Puget Sound has been hard on seventeen-year-old Chance Taylor, but when his love of running leads to a high-paying job, he quickly learns that the money is not worth the risk.
Lucy Sullivan is getting married
Alcohol & alcoholism : papers presented at the international symposium in memory of E. M. Jellinek, Santiago, Chile
The cure for alcoholism : the medically proven way to eliminate alcohol addiction
The end of my addiction : [how one man cured himself of alcoholism]
Ordinary recovery : mindfulness, alcoholism, and the path of lifelong sobriety
Addictive behaviors : new readings on etiology, prevention, and treatment
Addictive behaviour : molecules to mankind : perspectives on the nature of addiction
Cure, care, or control : alcoholism treatment in sixteen countries
The science of drinking : how alcohol affects your body and mind
We are not ourselves
Understanding the high-functioning alcoholic : breaking the cycle and finding hope
Death is now my neighbour
Sammy the mouse [vol.] I
Life with an alcoholic father : a contribution to the understanding of possible early development of alcoholism
The bluest eye
Alcohol and aggression
Abstract.
The biology of desire : why addiction is not a disease
The everything guide to coping with perfectionism : overcome toxic perfectionism, learn to embrace your mistakes and discover the potential for positive change
Smashed in the USSR : fear, loathing and vodka on the steppes
Rock bottom : Dark moments in music Babylon
Alive again : recovering from alcoholism and drug addiction
Coercion as a factor in the successful treatment of alcoholism
The other half : wives of alcoholic and their socialpsychological situation
Alcoholism treatment : context, process, and outcome
Green eggs and Maakies
Origins of alcoholism
The House at Maakies corner
Alcoholism : origins and outcome
The art of crash landing : a novel
Alcoholism treatment : an integrative family and individual approach
Anxiety and alcohol : limitations of tension reduction theory in nonalcoholics
Social aspects of industrial alcoholism programs
Trainspotting
The testament
Notes on the relationship between alcohol problems
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Drink : the intimate relationship between women and alcohol
The drinker
The prevention of drinking problems : alcohol control and cultural influences
Alcoholism in the professions
Alcoholism syndrome in Finland : a comparative analysis of members of the AA movement, outpatients of a clinics and inmates of the institutions for the care of alcoholics
Another love
The autobiography
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
Pass it on : the story of Bill Wilson and how the A. A. message reached the world
Problem drinking : experiments in detoxification : report of the detoxification evaluation project
Contested meanings : the construction of alcohol problems
Al-Anon family groups
Sammy the mouse [vol.] II
