http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9165 autonomy (societal properties)
autonomy (societal properties)
Russian centralism and Ukrainian autonomy : imperial absorption of the hetmanate 1760s-1830s
Autonomy in Beehive : a study of pupils' autonomous behaviour during a web project
Cultural autonomy - and some related aspects of territorial autonomy
Adaptation and autonomy : adaptive preferences in enhancing and ending life
Autonomy as a mechanism of minority participation
The ethics of health care : a guide for clinical practice
The challenge of non-territorial autonomy : theory and practice
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
The challenge of ethnic conflict, democracy and self-determination in Central Europe
Nietzsche is a central figure in our modern understanding of the individual as freely determining his or her own values. These essays by leading Nietzsche scholars investigate what this freedom really means: How free are we really? What does it take to be free? It might be a 'right', but it also needs to be earned
Living on mangetti : 'Bushman' autonomy and Namibian independence
Ethical conduct and the professional's dilemma : choosing between service and success
Liberation from self : a theory of personal autonomy
Teacher autonomy and the professional learning community in Finland : exploring the context of PISA success
Autonomy after Auschwitz : Adorno, German idealism, and modernity
The constitutional framework for the autonomy of Åland : a survey of the status of an autonomous region in the throes of European integration
The applied linguistic individual : sociocultural approaches to identity, agency and autonomy
Informed consent : patient autonomy and physician beneficence within clinical medicine
Aesthetic autonomy : problems and perspectives
Paternalistic intervention : the moral bounds on benevolence
The psychology of self-determination
Towards a critique of the concept of the right to self-determination in Africa : a conceptual examination and the cases of Western Sahara, Southern Sudan and Eritrea
Circle in a spiral : European integration and the limit of the autonomy of law
Faith in schools? : autonomy, citizenship, and religious education in the liberal state
Basic problems of state and society
Indigenous autonomy in Mexico
Principles of constitutional design
Freedom, equality, university
Great empires, small nations : the uncertain future of the sovereign state
The Åland Example applied : a case study of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao
This remarkable collection of essays by leading Indigenous scholars focuses on the themes of freedom, liberation and Indigenous resurgence as they relate to the land.
Autonomy and the challenges of liberalism : new essays
Actualizing Sámi rights : international comparative research.
University autonomy in Europe. 1, Exploratory study
Justice in a changing world
Democracy in the dominions : a comparative study in institutions
A new autonomy in European higher education? : an exploration and analysis of the strategy of self-regulation in higher education : keynote speech presented at the 9th Annual European AIR Forum, University of Twente, the Netherlands, August 1987
Autonomy and metacognition : a healthcare perspective
Models of autonomy
This book discusses how public cultural policies can relate to the principle political issue of democracy. Here, democratic cultural policies include ideas and ideologies, institutional structures, agents and interests, power, access and participation and distribution of economic resources. Contributors focus on analysing the relationship between a political system and culture and the arts as an empirical field. They critically consider questions such as: How do different democratic forms affect cultural policy consequences? Can cultural autonomy be combined with cultural democracy? How is cultural policy-making used as a political process and which interests are involved? What position does popular culture have in cultural policies? How does a former Soviet state like Lithuania handle the question of culture and democracy? What does it mean when UNESCO talks about cultural diversity? How did intellectuals act in cultural policy debates in France in the late 19th century? The volume also looks at whether the democratisation of culture is actually possible.
This book explores and evaluates non-territorial autonomy (NTA), an important modality of ethnic and religious diversity management. Whereas multicultural liberal democracies sincerely champion equality and individual human rights, they often have considerable difficulty in accommodating culturally diverse minority communities. In most cases, minority communities do not reside within a compact space, making any territorial representation impossible. This brings into focus modalities of NTA as a possible alternative approach. NTA takes a variety of different forms, such as consociationalism or national cultural autonomy, and also encompasses other forms of representation, such as frameworks for accommodating indigenous peoples, juridical autonomy extended to religious communities, or elements of some models of multiculturalism. Using both theoretical and empirical approaches, and also including the work of legal practitioners, the essays within this volume examine the challenges and possible solutions offered by different NTA models for the effective participation of minorities in public life, addressing issues such as the limits and/or possibilities of implementing NTA models in liberal democracies, the extent to which NTA approaches can serve the goals of European integration and the European minority protection framework, and the possible role of NTA in resolving protracted territorial conflicts.
The disposal of Eritrea : 1945-1962 historical orientation
Autonomy in an age of globalization : the vision of June Nash
Aesthetics of negativity : Blanchot, Adorno, and autonomy
The evaluative state, institutional autonomy and re-engineering higher education in Western Europe : the prince and his pleasure
Cultural policy and democracy
Policies and strategies for effective local governance : fiscal autonomy of the district assemblies in Ghana
Globalization and sovereignty : rethinking legality, legitimacy and constitutionalism
Native power : the quest for autonomy and nationhood of indigenous peoples
Narrative identity, autonomy, and mortality : from Frankfurt and MacIntyre to Kierkegaard
Sex, culture, and justice : the limits of choice
Academic freedom
Self, society, and personal choice
The feminist transformation of bioethics : an analysis of theoretical perspectives and practical applications in feminist bioethics
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Interdependence : biology and beyond
The Russian Communist Party and the sovietization of Ukraine : a study in the communist doctrine of the self-determination of nations
Questions of national policy and proletarian internationalism
Azerbaijan : ethnicity and the struggle for power in Iran
Conditions for different autonomy regimes in the world : a fuzzy-set application
Structures of agency : essays
Regional sub-state diplomacy today
The Russian communist party and sovietization of Ukraine : a study in the communist doctrine of the self-determination of nations
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Decentralization and regional autonomy in Indonesia : implementation and challenges
Autonomy - an alternative to secession? : a seminar on the Åland Islands : seminar held in New York, March 15, 2001.
The metaphysics of autonomy : the reconciliation of ancient and modern ideals of the person
Autonomy and patients' decisions
Theorising empowerment : individual power and community care
The second Åland Islands question : autonomy or independence?
Indigenous peoples in Latin America : the quest for self-determination
A small key can open a large door : the Rojava revolution
The role of local autonomy in democratic and democratizing societies : the new local goverment acts in Czech republic, Estonia and Norway
The birth of a nation [Finland]
Self-trust : a study of reason, knowledge and autonomy
"One country, two systems" in crisis : Hong Kong's transformation since the handover
Credibility gab : Australia and Timor Gap treaty
Beyond a one-dimensional state : an emerging right to autonomy?
The Arctic promise : legal and political autonomy of Greenland and Nunavut
Personal autonomy in society
Engaged or Not? A Comparative Study on Factors Inducing Work Engagement in Call Center and Service Sector Work.
The right to self-determination : historical and current development on the basis of United Nations instruments
Exploring gypsiness : power, exchange and interdependence in a Transylvanian village
A comparative discourse of the bodies natural and politique and A defence of the right of kings
Autonomy and social policy : rights, mental handicap and community care
Managing university autonomy : university autonomy and the institutional balancing of teaching and research : proceedings of the Seminar of the Magna Charta Observatory 15 September 2005
Response able : where is the cultural richness in Finnish silence and autonomy?
Can virtue make us happy? : the art of living and morality
New world of indigenous resistance : Noam Chomsky and Voices from North, South, and Central America
From conflict to autonomy in the Caucasus : the Soviet Union and the making of Abkhazia, South Ossetia and Nagorno Karabakh
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
Autonomy, sovereignty, and self-determination : the accommodation of conflicting rights
Autonomy and mental disorder
Self-construction and the formation of human values : truth, language, and desire
Kosovo, intervention and statebuilding : the international community and the transition to independence
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Transcendence : on self-determination and cosmopolitanism
Vertical governance, national regulation and autonomy of local policy making
Beyond Westphalia : state sovereignty and international intervention
1809 - the birth of the Finnish State
Institutional Autonomy and the Attractiveness of the European Higher Education Area   Facts or Tokenistic Discourse?
Against all odds : local economic development policies and local government autonomy in Sweden and Britain
Negotiating autonomy and authority in Muslim contexts
A critical analysis of the autonomy of art in Finnish cultural policy 1978-2011
Learner autonomy in foreign language learning
The theory and practice of autonomy
Secession, state & liberty
Party autonomy versus autonomy of arbitrators
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
The present volume contains the proceedings of a workshop that took place as part of a larger project carried out by the Groningen Research School for the Study of the Humanities (GRSSH). The framework of the overall research perspective was a study of 'the autonomy of culture and its components'. In November 2006, colleagues from various departments at the University of Groningen who work in the field of Islamic studies jointly organised a workshop on the subject of 'autonomy and Islam'. For and from each of our disciplines, i.e. anthropology, psychology, pedagogy, philology and religious studies, internationally renowned scholars were invited to participate.
Autonomy and islands : a global study of the factors that determine island autonomy
Beyond separateness : the social nature of human beings--their autonomy, knowledge, and power
Regional voices in the European Union : regions with legislative power and multi-level governance : perspectives for the Åland Islands
Ainu minzoku no fukken : senju minzoku to kizuku arata na shakai = Restoration of the Ainu as an indigenous people: building a japanese society in solidarity with the Ainu
Federalism and nationalism : the struggle for republican rights in the USSR
Autonomy and Liberalism
Critical studies in philosophical medical ethics : summary
The life and undeath of autonomy in American literature
The Aland Islands question : its settlement by the league of nations
Spain : a federation in the making?
Nietzsche on freedom and autonomy
British commonwealth relations : proceedings of the first unofficial conference at Toronto, 11-21 September 1933
Regional development on our own : views from the new EU member states : proceedings of the seminar Individual autonomy and autonomy in government : 12th-13th September, Joensuu, Finland
The dualist character of the union act in Porvoo 29th of March, 1809.
The Åland islands, Finland and European security
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Autonomy, ethnicity, and poverty in Southwestern China : the state turned upside down
The regimes of care and the autonomy of elderly
Autonomy and the new world order : a solution to the nationality problem
The self-determination of minorities in international politics
Negotiating autonomy in greater China : Hong Kong and its sovereign before and after 1997
Lighting the eighth fire : the liberation, resurgence, and protection of Indigenous Nations
Africa and the international system : the politics of state survival
The expansion of autonomy : Hegel's pluralistic philosophy of action
The significance of autonomy in the discourse of the Hungarian political elite in Romania : an analysis of the demands of teh UDMR and PPMT (2011-2013)
Autonomous Finland in the political thought of nineteenth century Russia
Agency and autonomy in Kant's moral theory
The basic psychological needs in physical education scale in Filipino
Freedom, autonomy, and the limits of medical paternalism
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of dignity and autonomy in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
The sovereign state and its competitors : an analysis of systems change. Hendrik Spruyt
The weaknesses in the international protection of minority rights
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
University autonomy in the Russian federation since Perestroika
Cambridge review of international affairs : volume 21, number 1, March 2008.
Global ordering : institutions and autonomy in a changing world
Autonomous agents : from self-control to autonomy
The natural selection of autonomy
Community in historical perspective : a translation of selections from Das deutsche Genossenschaftsrecht (The German law of fellowship)
University autonomy in Europe. 2, The scorecard
"From biology to economics to information theory, the theme of interdependence is in the air, framing our experiences of all sorts of everyday phenomena. Indeed, the network may be the ascendant metaphor of our time. Yet precisely because the language of interdependence has become so commonplace as to be almost banal, we miss some of its most surprising and far-reaching implications"--
Minorities' claims : from autonomy to secession : international law and state practice
Understanding local autonomy in Judaea between 6 and 66 CE
After the future
Promising, intending, and moral autonomy
Genetic resources and traditional knowledge : case studies and conflicting interests
Revolution in Rojava : democratic autonomy and women's liberation in Syrian Kurdistan
On formal vs. realistic right of exit and voice
Breaking the ice : from land claims to tribal sovereignty in the Arctic
The collective dimension of freedom of religion : a case study on Turkey
Identity, self-determination and secession
Modern law of self-determination
Evrejskaâ avtonomnaâ oblast' : fotoal'bom = Yidiše aṿṭonome gegnṭ = Jewish Autonomous Region
National self-determination : Woodrow Wilson and his legacy
Indigenous studies and engaged anthropology : the collaborative moment
The Beatles and their times : Thoughts on the "relative autonomy" of stylistic change
Political discipline in a free society : the sustained initiative
The elusive frontier : on the emergence and change of a science-society contract
Toward a global autonomous university
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
