http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9166 individual freedom
individual freedom
Authority and the individual : the Reith lecture for 1948-9
Robert Nozick : property, justice, and the minimal state
Persönlichkeitsschutz gegenüber Massenmedien = The protection of personality rights against invasions by mass media
Liberation from self : a theory of personal autonomy
The essential communitarian reader
On liberty and other essays
The politics of obedience : the discourse of voluntary servitude
J. S. Mill['s] "On liberty" in focus
Property as a guarantor of liberty
Privacy : cases and materials
The practice of everyday life
The caged virgin : a muslim woman's cry for reason
The German lesson
The fear of freedom
Individuals and their rights
Freedom of the press
The globalization of surveillance : the origin of the securitarian order
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
Conrad Summenhart's theory of individual rights and its medieval background
Universal burdens : stories of (un)freedom from the Unitarian Universalist Association, The MOVE Organization, and Taqwacore
The handmaid's tale
Hate crimes in cyberspace
The deportation regime : sovereignty, space, and the freedom of movement
On liberty ; The subjection of women
"Neil Richards argues that when privacy and free speech truly conflict, free speech should almost always win, but contends that, contrary to conventional wisdom, speech and privacy are only rarely in conflict"--
Democracy's discontent : America in search of a public philosophy
Escape from freedom
The method
Liberty, right and nature : individual rights in later scholastic thought
Ethical decision making in nursing
Intellectual privacy : rethinking civil liberties in the digital age
Freedom, autonomy and the limits of medical paternalism
Dialogue among civilizations : the case of Finnish-Iranian human rights expert dialogue
Anarchy, state, and Utopia
Katrina Jagodinsky's enlightening history is the first to focus on indigenous women of the Southwest and Pacific Northwest and the ways they dealt with the challenges posed by the existing legal regimes of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. In most western states, it was difficult if not impossible for Native women to inherit property, raise mixed-race children, or take legal action in the event of rape or abuse. Through the experiences of six indigenous women who fought for personal autonomy and the rights of their tribes, Jagodinsky explores a long yet generally unacknowledged tradition of active critique of the U.S. legal system by female Native Americans.
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
The law of Habeas Corpus
On suicide : a discourse on voluntary death
Legal codes and talking trees : Indigenous women's sovereignty in the Sonoran and Puget Sound Borderlands 1854-1946
Drug warriors and their prey : from police power to police state
Connexity : responsibility, freedom, business and power in the new century
Conrad Summenhart's theory of individual rights
Freedom and culture in Western society
Social rights and human welfare
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Life's delirium : aspects of existentialism in Kate Chopin's The awakening
Finnish press laws
In recent decades scholars have shown considerable and steadily increasing interest in medieval discussions of rights. This book aims to make a significant contribution to scholarship by providing a detailed and systematic account of Conrad Summenhart's language of individual rights.
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Freedom of the individual
Sportsmen and the categories of persons in the legislation of the European Union concerning the free movement of persons
Individual liberty and medical control
Privacy and press freedom
Privacy : a manifesto
Ain't nobody's business if you do : the absurdity of consensual crimes in our free country
Freedom. Volume 1, Freedom in the making of Western culture
Fair governance : paternalism and perfectionism
In its comprehensive analysis of a wide range of primary and secondary sources in both Chinese and Western languages, this authoritative work stands as the definitive study of the theory, implementation and legacy of the Chinese Communist Party's thought-remolding campaign. This decades-long campaign involved the extraction of confessions from millions of Chinese citizens suspected of heterodoxy or disobedience to party dictates, along with their subjection to various forms of "re-education" and indoctrination. Hu Ping's carefully structured overview provides a valuable insider's perspective, and supersedes the previous landmark study on this vastly interesting topic.
The ethics of teaching
Rights and the common good : the communitarian perspective
The intruders : unreasonable searches and seizures from King John to John Ashcroft
On liberty
The right to refuse military orders
SlutWalk : feminism, activism and media
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Anti-paternalism and public health policy
Terrorism and tyranny : trampling freedom, justice, and peace to rid the world of evil
Challenging diversity : rethinking equality and the value of difference
Public and private in thought and practice : perspectives on a grand dichotomy
Liberty before liberalism
Modern liberty and the limits of government
Dystopian thought, language and the ethics of cloning in Kazuo Ishiguro's Never Let Me Go and Aldous Huxley's Brave New World
The new normal : finding a balance between individual rights and the common good
Are persons property? : legal debates about property and personality
Freedom reclaimed : rediscovering the American vision
Freedom : an introduction with readings
Critical humanism and the politics of difference
Confidentiality and the law
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
Human rights and criminal justice
Reclaiming sovereignty
Self-determination in social work : a collection of essays on self-determination and related concepts by philosophers and social work theorists
Report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union and its member states in 2004.. Vol. 1, Report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union in 2004
Free movement : ethical issues in the transnational migration of people and of money
Authority and the individual : Bertrand Russell
How to disappear : erase your digital footprint, leave false trails, and vanish without a trace
Autonomy and the challenges of liberalism : new essays
Beyond a one-dimensional state : an emerging right to autonomy?
The fiction of Gloria Naylor : houses and spaces of resistance
The informed heart : autonomy in a mass age
The thought remolding campaign of the Chinese Communist Party-state
Report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union and its member states in 2004.. Vol. 2, Synthesis report : conclusions and recommendations on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union and its members states in 2004
The limits of medical paternalism
What's wrong with liberalism? : a radical critique of liberal political philosophy
Abstract: Care without coercion - a utopia? : alternatives to coercion in health and care : conference report from the Nordic conference in Vaasa 20-22 June 2011.
Jefferson, morality, and the problem of slavery
The philosophy of right. Vol. 3, Universal social right
A theory of freedom
The extreme future : the top trends that will reshape the world for the next 5, 10, and 20 years
Freedom, autonomy, and the limits of medical paternalism
Social structures, social capital, and personal freedom
Civic virtues : rights, citizenship, and republican liberalism
"Most people believe that the right to privacy is inherently at odds with the right to free speech. Courts all over the world have struggled with how to reconcile the problems of media gossip with our commitment to free and open public debate for over a century. The rise of the Internet has made this problem more urgent. We live in an age of corporate and government surveillance of our lives. And our free speech culture has created an anything-goes environment on the web, where offensive and hurtful speech about others is rife. How should we think about the problems of privacy and free speech? In Intellectual Privacy, Neil Richards offers a different solution, one that ensures that our ideas and values keep pace with our technologies. Because of the importance of free speech to free and open societies, he argues that when privacy and free speech truly conflict, free speech should almost always win.Only when disclosures of truly horrible information are made (such as sex tapes) should privacy be able to trump our commitment to free expression. But in sharp contrast to conventional wisdom, Richards argues that speech and privacy are only rarely in conflict. America's obsession with celebrity culture has blinded us to more important aspects of how privacy and speech fit together. Celebrity gossip might be a price we pay for a free press, but the privacy of ordinary people need not be. True invasions of privacy like peeping toms or electronic surveillance will rarely merit protection as free speech. And critically, Richards shows how most of the law we enact to protect online privacy pose no serious burden to public debate, and how protecting the privacy of our data is not censorship. More fundamentally, Richards shows how privacy and free speech are often essential to each other.He explains the importance of 'intellectual privacy,' protection from surveillance or interference when we are engaged in the processes of generating ideas - thinking, reading, and speaking with confidantes before our ideas are ready for public consumption. In our digital age, in which we increasingly communicate, read, and think with the help of technologies that track us, increased protection for intellectual privacy has become an imperative. What we must do, then, is to worry less about barring tabloid gossip, and worry much more about corporate and government surveillance into the minds, conversations, reading habits, and political beliefs of ordinary people. A timely and provocative book on a subject that affects us all, Intellectual Privacy will radically reshape the debate about privacy and free speech in our digital age"--
Critical perspectives on empowerment
Tough choices : structured paternalism and the landscape of choice
The end of privacy : how total surveillance is becoming a reality
Outrageous invasions : celebrities' private lives, media, and the law
"SlutWalk is a study of the global anti-rape movement of the same name, in eight nations which organized marches: Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, the UK and US. It demonstrates the mainstream news' unprecedented support for SlutWalk, suggesting that we may be finally moving away from an era in which feminism is seen as dead, redundant or passe;. Yet despite this overwhelming support, mainstream coverage was often shallow, particularly when compared to the feminist blogosphere, which provided sophisticated and nuanced analyses of sexual assault and rape culture. The feminist blogosphere was also a key site for critiquing patriarchal rape myths, and providing 'counter-memories' of the movement. This book examines representations of the movement in mainstream news and feminist blogs, and documents the experiences, routines and strategies of 22 organizers who were involved in the movement between 2011 and 2014. In doing so, it presents a robust and original analysis of modern feminist activism from various angles, and is a must-read for anyone interested in modern feminist protest and campaigns. "--
For a New Liberty
Democratic individuality
A brief history of liberty
