http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9167 frozen foods
frozen foods
The can-opener cookbook
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Frozen food science and technology
The behaviour of Russian consumers towards frozen food consumption : case Findus Finland Oy
Microbiology of frozen foods
Texture, fat content and product yield of salmonids = Tekstur, fettinnhold og produktutbytte hos laksefisk
Quick-frozen foods : A Unilever Educational Booklet
Quality and stability of frozen foods : Time-temperature tolerance and its significance
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Production of pre-cooked frozen food for mass catering
Prefermented frozen lean wheat doughs
Exporting Finnish fish products into the German market
About food preservation and refrigeration : Its relation to health
The purpose of this thesis is to find out whether there is potential market for Finnish fish products in the grocery markets of Germany. The thesis is done to a Finnish company called Hätälä Oy. The company core business is to process fish products which it has mostly imported from Norway and Canada. They do use some Finnish fish also, but not to the extent that it could be exported. The thesis was conducted as a desktop study and as such it utilises secondary data. This is the case in most market studys. In the thesis the authors used databases such as Market Line, theories such as the PESTEL-analysis, field professional and consumer interviews to conduct a clear picture of the frozen fish segment of the German food market. Results suggest that consumer decision are guided mainly by two things: pricing being the overwhelming driver of purchase decisions and quality as a second motivator. Authors conclude that with the given information Hätälä does not have a competitive advantage in either one of the two major attributes driving purchasing decisions. Further studies in this field for Hätälä Oy has to be done with more intrest coming from the commissioners side. It is impossible to state with conviction that Hätälä products have no feasible chance in German markets as the authors did not get factual numbers from Hätälä Oy.
Nutrition labeling handbook
Frozen & refrigerated doughs and batters
The Hamlyn encyclopedia of freezing
Creative cooking
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 1-2
Frozen food technology
Improved economy and better quality in the distribution of chilled foods
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
Environmental assessment of seafood with a life-cycle perspective
Environmental life-cycle assessment of seafood products from capture fisheries
Freezing of fruits and vegetables : an agribusiness alternative for rural and semi-rural areas
Sous vide and cook-chill processing for the food industry
Some aspects of food refrigeration and freezing
New propulsion solution saves time and money
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
This manual provides information on freezing technology to preserve fruits and vegetables in small-scale operations. Practical examples demonstrating the application of the technology are given to provide a better understanding of the processes. Compared to other conventional methods used in the storage of fruits and vegetables, freezing is the most satisfactory method in terms of quality, process and overall cost. Currently, the frozen food market is one the largest sectors in the food industry. Industrialized countries dominate the trade in frozen food commodities, but developing countries can also develop their own frozen food industries. Introduction of adequate freezing technology is essential to meet the growing consumer demand for frozen foods in developing countries.
