http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9176 hybrids
hybrids
Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles
Electric-drive battery pack system : functional guidelines
Hybrid : the history and science of plant breeding
Hybrid powered vehicles
Gregor Mendel's Experiments on plant hybrids : a guided study
Tokyo ghoul. 10
Lithium ion rechargeable batteries : materials, technology, and applications
Tokyo ghoul. 7
Notes on spatial genetic structure in a hybrid population between Aconitum japonicum subsp. napiforme and A. jaluense (Ranunculaceae)
Clonal variation in nutrient content in woody biomass of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.)
Tokyo ghoul. 9
Natural hybridization and evolution
Cross-cultural issues in art : frames for understanding
Androgenic haploidization and interspecific and intraspecific somatic hybridization in potato germplasm development
Development of a hydrogen engine for a hybrid electric bus
New isoforms of CuZn-superoxide dismutase with high isoelectric points and low abundance in pine and poplar
Kafka's creatures : animals, hybrids, and other fantastic beings
Hybrid nanomaterials : synthesis, characterization, and applications
Summary: The volatile aroma compounds of the berries of the hybrid Rubus stellatus x arcticus were examined and compared with R. arcticus. Both the quantity and quality of the aroma of the hybrid falls between the parents...
Proceedings of the International Energy Agency Task II : biomass growth and production technology : joint workshop : willow breeding and biotechnology development activities Long Ashton Research Station, Long Ashton, Bristol, BS18 9AF, United Kingdom 28 September - 6 October 1988.
Comparative performance of semi-tropical hybrids and open-pollinated varieties of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor L. Moench) in trials conducted by WASHAT and SADCC
Handbook of avian hybrids of the world
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Russia's Hybrid War in Ukraine : breaking the enemy's ability to resist
Electric & hybrid vehicle technology
Diet X hybrid interactions in large groups of laying hens
Growth and phenology of hybrid aspen clones (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
Spontaneous Carex hybrids of Heleonastes and related sections in Fennoscandia
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Breeding field crops
Somatic hybridization in crop improvement. 2
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Propulsion systems for hybrid vehicles
Abstract: The growing area of a bilberry and lingonberry hybrid (Vaccinium x intermedium) at Pori has expanded.
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles
Hybrid seed production of selected cereal oil and vegetable crops
Evolution through genetic exchange
Tulips : species and hybrids for the gardener
Corn and its early fathers
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland: 4, Betulaceae
The hosta handbook
On heuristic hybrid methods and structured point sets in global continuous optimization
The F1 hybrid between Betula glandulosa, subsection Nanae and Betula pendula, subsection Albae
Hybridity and its discontents : politics, science, culture
Hybrid electric vehicle & electric vehicle terminology
Plant breeding : principles and prospects
Before disenchantment : images of exotic animals and plants in the early modern world
Maize hybrids cultivation in Nigeria : a review
Tokyo Ghoul. 5
Cytology, flowering frequency and hybridization in the genera Acer, Fagus, Fraxinus, Prunus, Quercus, Tilia and Ulmus
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous Vitreoscilla haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Genetic variation in functional and structural productivity determinants in poplar
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Characterization of freezing tolerance in Solanum commersonii (Dun.) with special reference to the relationship between freezing and oxidative stress
Nutrient allocation, accumulation and above-ground biomass in grey alder and hybrid alder plantations
Hybrids, partial hybrids and monoploids from interspecific crosses of the Triticeae species attained by in vitro embryo culture
"Hybrid nanomaterials are unique conjugates of organic/inorganic structures. Hybrid Nanomaterials: Synthesis, Characterization, and Applications presents the basic principles underlying the synthesis and fabrication of nanohybrids, their benefits, self-assembly and fabrication, and applications. This book discusses the most recent developments pertaining to the synthesis, characterizations, and applications of hybrid nanomaterials in a format that various disciplines can understand and use. Written by experts in this field, the text provides a fundamental insight into tricks, tools, and challenges associated with these technique or technology for engineers and scientists".
Backcrossings of Tetrao hybrids, T. tetrix male x T. urogallus female, with their parent species : a description of female offspring based on museum skins
Summary: The amount of the oil was studied and tentative identifications made of the oil components in leaves collected during four summers from some marked Betula tortuosa individuals in the Kevo district and in Kittilä...
Morphological and molecular investigation of the parentage of Ophrys x circlarium (O. lutea x O. tarentina), a new hybrid orchid from Italy
Recommended practice for electric and hybrid electric vehicle battery systems crash integrity testing
Morphometric leaf variation in oaks (Quercus) of Bolu, Turkey
Tokyo ghoul. 8
Aroma of the berries of the hybrid Rubus stellatus Sm. x R. arcticus L.
Kaneki is captured and then tortured by Yamori, one of Aogiri Tree organization's most sadistic members. To survive the interrogation, Kaneki will have to finally surrender to the Ghoul inside him, but if he does, it will change him permanently and push him even further away from being human.
Frankenstein's cat : cuddling up to biotech's brave new beasts
Hybrid membrane processes in industrial water treatment:separation and recovery of inorganic compounds
Fundamentals of plant breeding and hybrid seed production
Ecological consequenses of plant hybridization in willows : inheritance patterns of secondary compounds and herbivore foraging behaviour
Summary: Distribution and ecology of Alnus incana, Betula nana, B. pendula and B. pubescens is described, with notes on their morphology, taxonomy, variation and hybridization. A. incana var. virescens occurs in the north of the area...
The checklist of species, hybrids and cultivars of the genus Fuchsia
Production and characterization of somatic hybrids between Solanum tuberosum L. and S. brevidens phil
The newly awakened Kaneki unleashes his monstrous strength to protect his friend Touka and finds himself irrevocably changed. Kaneki sets out on his own, determined to find out the truth behind what's happening to him--and what the Aogiri Tree organization actually is.
Tiivistelmä: Model-based design and control of a serial hybrid drivetrain.
Summary: A morphological and cytological analysis was carried out on spontaneous F₁ hybrids (2n = 28) between B. glandulosa (2n = 28) and B. pendula (2n = 28), and on the parent species. Hybrid vigour was evident in the rapid increase in lenght of the hybrids, though only in the first growing season, and their leaf size was also greater than that of the parent species...
Field performance of hybrid aspen clones planted in summer
Abstract.
Genetically modified silver birch and hybrid aspen : target and non-target effects of introduced traits
Interspecific hybrids of potato : determination of glycoalkaloid aglycones and influence of bacterial infection
Studies on Equisetum hybrids in Fennoscandia
The bogey called eco-innovation – constructing consumer ́s choice process of novel pro-environmental durables : case: Toyota Prius vs. Toyota Avensis in Finland
Tokyo Ghoul. 4
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
A note on ornamental intersectional hybrids of Rosa between sect. Cinnamomeae and Rugosae (Rosaceae) in the St.-Petersburg area, Russia
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Hybridism in the forests of New Zealand
Summary.
Hybrid rice : proceedings of the International symposium on hydrid rice, 6-10 October 1986, Changsha, Hunan, China
Multiplication of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.) from cuttings
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Tokyo Ghoul. 2
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
Ecological genetics : design, analysis, and application
Model-based design and control of a serial hybrid drivetrain
The extent and causes of interspecific reproductive interactions in damselflies
Morphology of artificial hybrids of Vriesea splendens x Tillandsia cyanea and V. splendens x Guzmania lingulata (Bromeliaceae)
Hybrid vehicles and the future of personal transportation
Tokyo Ghoul. 1
Ghouls live among us, the same as normal people in every way-except their craving for human flesh. Ken Kaneki is an ordinary college student until a violent encounter turns him into the first half-human half-ghoul hybrid. Trapped between two worlds, he must survive Ghoul turf wars, learn more about Ghoul society and master his new powers. Six months after their Aogiri Tree Operation, the CCG continues their investigation of the Gourmet and the Binge Eater. Kaneki and his colleagues search for Rize's true identity brings them face-to-face with the mysterious Madame A.
Adoption of hybrid maize in Zambia : effects on gender roles, food consumption, and nutrition
Outcrossing, hybridization, pollen quantity, and the evolution of deceptive pollination in Dactylorhiza incarnata
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous <em>Vitreoscilla</em> haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Selection and propagation of hybrid aspen clones for growth and fibre quality
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
Chromatographic comparison of the species of Carex section Heleonastes and some Carex canescens hybrids in Eastern Fennoscandia
A new natural hybrid of Phlomis (Lamiaceae) from Turkey
Electrochemical Energy Storages of Mobile Work Machines
Essential oils in Betula tortuosa Lebed. and in some other Betula species and hybrids
Hybrids of Bulgarian Achillea : analytics of the essential oil and isolation of sesquiterpenes
Glycoalkaloid content and starch structure in Solanum species and interspecific somatic potato hybrids
Electric vehicle battery systems
Asplenium x alternifolium subsp. heufleri found in Finland
Sorghum hybrid seed production and management
Growth and nutrition of willow clones
Tokyo Ghoul. 6
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Ghouls live among us, the same as normal people in every way... except their craving for human flesh.
Tokyo Ghoul. 3
Secondary xylem formation in transgenic hybrid aspen trees with an altered indole-3-acetic acid balance
