http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9170 HTML
HTML Hypertext Markup Language
Beginning ASP.NET 4 : in C# and VB
Agent based information system
HTML : the definitive guide
Multimedia Web design and development : using languages to build dynamic web pages
SCJA Sun certified Java associate : study guide (exam CX-310-019)
Sams teach yourself HTML, CSS & Javascript web publishing in one hour a day
Designing with JavaScript : creating dynamic web pages
HTML5 Mobile development cookbook : over 60 recipes for building fast, responsive HTML5 mobile websites for iPhone5, Android, Windows Phone, and Blackberry
HTML utopia : designing without tables using CSS
Online journalism : principles and practices of news for the Web
Windmill Monitoring Using PHP
HTML, XHTML & CSS for dummies
Even if you already know HTML5 and CSS3 basics, this book will still be useful to you. It features comprehensive reference tables, so you can look up troublesome attributes, codes, and properties quickly and easily.
Easy Microsoft Frontpage 2003
C# for experienced programmers
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
Visual Basic web database interactive course
Teach yourself Web publishing with HTML in a week
Learning Adobe Framemaker : [Version 5 : Macintosh, Unix and Windows]
HTML, XHTML & CSS All-in-one for dummies
Web designer's color card ; Web designer's font card ; Web designer's HTML card ; HTML tags and attributes ; Visibone HTML card styles page ; URLs, XHTML, SSI, and special characters ; Web designer's JavaScript card ; JavaScript language ; DOM - Document Object Model ; JavaScript regular expression
Online Movie Rental Store Application
HTML5 eLearning kit for dummies
Deploying HTML5
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
FrontPage 2000 : the complete reference
Creative HTML design.2 : a hands-on web design tutorial
Murach's HTML5 and CSS3
Visual quickstart guide DHTML and CSS for the world wide web
Using macromedia Dreamweaver MX
Oracle Web applications 101
Developing a mobile site using Koodiviidakko content management system tool - Sivuviidakko
HTML5 as a cross platform technology for the mobile application development
HTML by example
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript mobile development for dummies
HTML5 games : creating fun with HTML5, CSS3, and WebGL
Building websites all-in-one For dummies
XHTML & CSS : a look from theory to practice
HTML5 and CSS3 in simple steps
HTML basics
Brilliant HTML5 & CSS3
Physical failure analysis tasktool
Learning web design : a beginner's guide to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and web graphics
Introducing HTML5
Web graphics in easy steps
HTML5 and CSS3 : illustrated, complete
The HTML & ASP handbook
"Deliver an optimal user experience to all devices-including tablets, smartphones, feature phones, laptops, and large screens-by learning the basics of responsive web design. In this hands-on guide, UX designer Clarissa Peterson explains how responsive web design works, and takes you through a responsive workflow from project kickoff to site launch. Ideal for anyone involved in the process of creating websites-not just developers-this book teaches you fundamental strategies and techniques for using HTML and CSS to design websites that not only adapt to any screen size, but also use progressive enhancement to provide a better user experience based on device capabilities such as touchscreens and retina displays"--P. [4] of cover.
Dynamic HTML : black book
A simple guide to building a website
Extending the Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure : Research on HTML5 usage, server monitoring tool, support for multidimensional datasets
Hyper-G now Hyperwave : the text generation web solution
Perl, CGI, and JavaScript complete
Sending HTML-enriched newsletters : HtmlMail
Implication of HTML5 to online content creation
Web design with HTML5 and CSS3, comprehensive
Content Management System Implementation Efficiency and Value
Create with <code> : build your own website
Professional CSS : cascading style sheets for web design
Windmill monitoring using PHP
Developing hybrid applications for the iPhone : using HTML, CSS, and java Script to build dybamic apps for the iPhone
HTML 4 for dummies : quick reference
Customizable user interface for a web application
Building a course-delivered system based on web
Building a web application with OracleApex : B2C online store
Redesign of FreeNest Web Interface
Dynamic HTML : the definitive reference
Teach yourself Web publishing with HTML 4 : in a week
Cascading style sheets (CSS) by example
New perspectives on HTML, CSS, and dynamic HTML : comprehensive
Sams teach yourself HTML and CSS : video learning starter kit
Usage of extensible stylesheet language in processing XML documents with Microsoft Internet Explorer 5
Cross platform application development with HTML5 for iOS and Android operating systems
IIS 5.0 : a beginner's guide, Windows 2000
The complete idiot's guide to creating a web page
Sams teach yourself active server pages 2.0 in 21 days
Small business web sites made easy
Management of XML data in web computing
New perspectives on HTML and CSS : comprehensive
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript : for SharePoint 2013 and SharePoint online
Head first HTML5 programming : building web apps with Javascript
HTML and XHTML step by step
Creating web pages simplified
Development of a blog system using CodeIgniter framework
Beginning hybrid mobile application development
Professional search engine optimization with PHP : a developer's guide to SEO
VBScript programmer's reference
Developing with web standards
Developing CGI applications with Perl
CSS animations and transitions for the modern web
Learning responsive web design : a beginner's guide
Responsive web design with HTML5 and CSS3 : learn responsive design using HTML5 and CSS3 to adapt websites to any browser or screen size
HTML5 as common user interface layer in mobile device platforms
HTML5 foundations
WebSocket essentials, building apps with HTML5 WebSockets : build your own real-time web applications using HTML5 WebSockets
HTML5, JavaScript, and jQuery 24-hour trainer
Professional style sheets for HTML and XML
Foundation HTML5 with CSS3
Difficulties maintaining separation of structure and presentation while using a browser based WYSIWYG-editor
Creating web pages for dummies®
Microsoft Visual C#.NET 2003 unleashed
Developing an online web auction room
The implementation of an e-learning GPRS course
An ASP application in intranet
HTML5 Game development with ImpactJS : a step-by-step guide to developing your own 2D games
Beginning HTML5 and CSS3
Running Microsoft FrontPage 2000.
Essential PHP for Web professional
Cascading style sheets : designing for the Web
Training Guide : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
The Web wizard's guide to HTML
Web design in easy steps
Practical HTML 4 : Contents at glance
Website Programming Based On J2EE
HTML5 : the missing manual
Dynamic HTML unleashed
Styling Web pages with CSS : Visual QuickProject Guide
DHTML and CSS advanced : visual quikpro guide
How suitable are WebSockets for real-time data in HTML5 mobile web applications?
Creating web pages for dummies
Web accessibility for people with disabilities
HTML5 as a cross-platform for mobile applications development
Windows 8 : application development with HTML5
HTML5 for masterminds
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
The main aim of this thesis was to describe how a single UI code could be used in different operating systems. The objective in this thesis was to bring out the main key points how a hybrid HTML5 application can be implemented by using iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components as a container for a hybrid application. This thesis also describes how a data transfer is done between HTML, JavaScript and native code. As a starting point, a hybrid application was implemented in both Android and iOS platforms. I wanted to implement an application, which would give value for the end users. I studied some time for open web APIs and found out that Finnkino Movie Company was providing a free XML API for their services and the application idea was found. I interviewed some of my friends about the functional needs for the application and also about how the UI should look like. The application itself was designed to use only one platform specific native WebView component. The User Interface was built with the HTML elements and JavaScript because the UI should look the same in both platforms. In my application the native code handles the XML data parsing from the Finnkino’s web API and sends the parsed data to the calling JavaScript function, which will then place the data into the HTML elements dynamically. When the application was completed, all the differences between the platforms were studied and documented into this thesis. As a result iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components provide a good support for a hybrid application development with some minor differences. The main difference is the performance and how responsive the UI is in these platforms. From the development point of view, I see a great opportunity to implement mobile applications with a web technology, as it is a fast evolving environment introducing new possibilities for the developers in a very fast phase. And from the business point of view, I can see a great opportunity for smaller companies, or individual developers because with a single effort the application UI can be created for multiple platforms and this saves money and resources.
An introduction to HTML and JavaScript for scientists and engineers
Content management system implementation efficiency and value
Basic HTML teacher resources
Web based educational material for Iub interface
HTML5 is spreading from web to mobile applications. This research was started to find out if HTML5 and the related technologies were ready to be used for cross platform mobile device application development in the current market major devices. The research selected four current mobile device platforms based on the current market shares and on developer surveys for finding the most popular platforms. For each platform their manufacturer’s recommended development solution was evaluated against the ability for creating HTML5 based applications. The three most popular third party cross platform solutions based on HTML5 and related technologies were evaluated for their development process and compared to the manufacturers’ offering. Tools for testing against HTML5 and compliances of other standards as well as performance, were evaluated for their ability to test features, benchmark application speed and easy of use. HTML5 seems the best solution for cross platform development, when there are more than one target platform. The compliance of tools and standards is maturing.
HTML5 and CSS comprehensive
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
Voting system via the internet
HTML5 & CSS3 for dummies
HTML 4 for the World Wide Web : visual quickstart guide
HTML5 Boilerplate Web Development : master web development with a robust set of templates to get your projects done quickly and effectively
Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure for mobile devices : Mobile user interface and gesture support
Teach yourself visually HTML
HTML : the complete reference
Professional HTML5 mobile game development
Head first JavaScript
Master visually Dreamweaver CS4 and Flash CS4 professional
A guide to HTML5 covering such topics as markup, Web forms, audio and video, Canvas, CSS3, data storage, offline applications, and JavaScript.
HTML5  : your visual blueprint for designing rich web pages and applications
Use of XML in forest industry, information exchange  and information management
Tiivistelmä: Redesign of FreeNest Web Interface.
If you want to develop and structure pages for the web, HTML5 is one of the tools you need. This invaluable eLearning kit steps you through learning HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. With this dynamic combination of a full-color printed book and a Dummies interactive eLearning course on CD, you'll find a wealth of information on HTML5. Featuring both written and animated step-by-step how-tos, practice labs, helpful videos, numerous examples, and a host of Dummies hints and tips, this package makes your learning process easier.
Foundations of World Wide Web programming with HTML & CGI
Webtype: start here! : from zero to hero in easy lessons
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript shows you how to build and customize SharePoint solutions to suit a wide range of business needs. You don't need a background in Microsoft technologies; you’ll learn how to rapidly build and customize sites entirely on the front end, starting with out-of-the-box features and extending them with HTML and JavaScript code. The book starts with an introduction to working with SharePoint on the front end, and how this can help you avoid common pitfalls associated with deploying custom code on the server. You’ll start by using SharePoint’s browser-based tools to place and manipulate out-of-the-box web parts on a page. Then learn to inject some simple HTML and JavaScript to manipulate these web parts, and use JSLink to rapidly style and manipulate data in the List web part. You'll also see examples of how to build your own custom web parts using HTML, JavaScript and CSS. For those who want to dive deeper into JavaScript on SharePoint, chapters cover working directly with built-in JavaScript methods and properties and the JavaScript object model (JSOM), and how to work with the powerful new REST API, which gives you the ultimate flexibility over what you do with your data. Whatever your background, whether it's web development, working with SharePoint on the server side, or if you're a SharePoint user looking to learn new skills, Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript will show you how to get what you want from SharePoint, quickly and reliably.
The advanced HTML companion
Responsive web design with HTML5 and CSS3 essentials : design and deliver an optimal user experience for all devices
New perspectives on creating Web pages with HTML, XHTML, and XML : comprehensive
HTML : pocket reference
Learning HTML5 game programming : a hands-on guide to building online games using Canvas, SVG, and WebGL
Beginning HTML, XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript
The definitive guide to HTML 5
HTML5 AS A CROSS-PLATFORM FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT
Internet & world wide web : how to program
Pro JSF and HTML5 : building rich Internet components
Developing a real-time mobile application using HTML5 and WebSockets
HTML stylesheet sourcebook
Critical factors in legal document management : a study of standardised markup languages
