http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9174 speech act
speech act
Pragmatics
Requests in telephone conversations
Gender strategies analysed in conference speeches given by Rt Hon Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister and RT Hon Neil Kinnock, MP
Intonation units revisited : cesuras in talk-in-interaction
Language and speech : introductory perspectives
Discourse and word order
Pragmatic adaptations in the Finnish translation of L. M. Montgomery's 'Anne of Green Gables'
Finnish summary.
Substratum influence in Irish English : yes/no -questions and their responses
Meaning and speech acts. Vol. 2, Formal semantics of success and satisfaction
Conversational routine : explorations in standardized communication situations and prepatterned speech
Linguistic communication and speech acts
Accommodation in spoken interactions: identity creation and maintenance through code-switching
Understanding discourse : the speech act and rhetorical action
Speech act phenomenology
Understanding pragmatics
Understanding utterances
New aspects of the cerebral functional asymmetry in speech processing as revealed by auditory cortex evoked magnetic fields
Broadening the scope of securitisation studies : three inquiries into securitisation with case studies in the context of the People's Republic of China
Learning how to request in an instructed language learning context
Suom. tiivistelmä: Pragmaattiset adaptaatiot L. M. Montgomeryn suomenkielisessä käännöksessä Anne of Green Gables -romaanista.
Interrogative structures of Swedish : aspects of the relation between grammar and speech acts
Foundations of illocutionary logic
Truth and speech acts : studies in the philosophy of language
Lingua mentalis : the semantics of natural language
Introduction to Pragmatics guides students through traditional and new approaches in the field, focusing particularly on phenomena at the elusive semantics/pragmatics boundary to explore the role of context in linguistic communication. * Offers students an accessible introduction and an up-to-date survey of the field, encompassing both established and new approaches to pragmatics * Addresses the traditional range of topics -- such as implicature, reference, presupposition, and speech acts -- as well as newer areas of research, including neo-Gricean theories, Relevance * Theory, information structure, inference, and dynamic approaches to meaning * Explores the relationship and boundaries between semantics and pragmatics * Ideal for students coming to pragmatics for the first time.
The theory of speech and language
Phonetics reduction in spontaneous speech : an investigation of native and non-native production
Introduction to pragmatics
Meaning in language : an introduction to Semantics and Pragmatics
Foundations of speech act theory : philosophical and linguistic perspectives
Doing pragmatics
Dialogue and discourse : a sociolinguistic approach to modern drama dialogue and naturally occurring conversation
Speech acts : an essay in the philosophy of language
Fishing for compliments : Precision and recall in corpus-linguistic compliment research
Here and there : cross-linguistic studies on deixis and demonstration
Language and action : a reassessment of speech act theory
Essays in speech act theory
Pragmatics : critical concepts. Vol. 6, Pragmatics: grammar, psychology and sociology
Toward a speech act theory of literary discourse
Behind the worlds - death row statements : speech act analysis and the establishment of a new genre of forensic texts
Apologies in the history of English : routinized and lexicalized expressions of responsibility and regret
Corpus and context : investigating pragmatic functions in spoken discourse
"Methinks you seem more beautiful than ever" : compliments and gender in the history of English
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Categories and complements of illocutionary verbs in a cognitive perspective
On the pragmatics of communication
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Conversation : how talk is organized
The logic of conventional implicatures
Speech acts in the history of English
Philosophy and the nature of language
Expression of impositives in four plays : form, function and impositors in fictional family contexts
Wittgenstein's language philosophy and the development of the speech act theory
Semiotics and thematics in hermeneutics
Pragmatics : critical concepts. Vol. 5, Communication, interaction and discourse
Discourse-pragmatic variation and change in English : new methods and insights
Insensitive semantics : a defense of semantic minimalism and speech act pluralism
Language and reason : a study of Habermas's pragmatics
Pragmatics : critical concepts. Vol. 4, Presupposition, implicature and indirect speech acts
The art of winning conversation
Speech act theory and pragmatics
Observing and analysing natural language : a critical account of sociolinguistic method
It is hereby performed... : explorations in legal speech acts
From utterances to speech acts
Pragmatics of speech actions
Merleau-Ponty : language and the act of speech
Quotatives : new trends and sociolinguistic implications
A study of selected speech acts in a sample of present-day English sermons
Speech act verbs and speech acts in the history of English
Renewing meaning : a speech-act theoretic approach
Limited Inc
Speech acts, communication and collective intentionality
Recontextualizing texts : narrative performance in modern Japanese fiction
Speech acts : a teaching material package for the upper secondary school
Linguistic meaning
Words and thoughts : subsentences, ellipsis and the philosophy of language
Four directive speech acts studied in school textbooks of English
Stuttering and self-correction : on the role of liguistic repair processes in disfluencies of normal speakers and stutterers
John Searle's philosophy of language : force, meaning, and mind
Performance
Dialogue : the mixed game
Meaning construction processes and foreign language learning : expanding conversational storytelling into educational settings
Propositional structure and illocutionary force : a study of the contribution of sentence meaning to speech acts
Great promises and little guarantees : developing a computerised method for identifying and retrieving explicit illocutionary acts from a corpus of written prose
Studies in the pragmatics of discourse
Finnish sound structure : phonetics, phonology, phonotactics and prosody
"Pleasant excursions may be made" : guidance and modals in the 19th and early 20th century travel guidebooks
Speech acts, speakers, and hearers : reference and referential strategies in Spanish
Do you want to know a secret? : a linguistic study of love in the lyrics of the Beatles
Requests in business meetings
Aspects of irony as rhetorical enforcement in British parliament debates
Speech acts and politeness in French as a pluricentric language
Speech act and Sachverhalt : Reinach and the foundations of realist phenomenology
Speech acts now and then : towards a pragmatic history of English
Pragmatics : critical concepts. Vol. 2, Speech act theory and particular speech acts
Have her my trouthe - til that myn herte breste: Dorigen and the difficulty of keeping promises in the Franklinʼs Tale
The speech act of apologizing : political apologies in Northern Irland
Speaking back : the free speech versus hate speech debate
Words and deeds : problems in the theory of speech acts
Toward a linguistic theory of speech acts
Linguistic action : some empirical-conceptual studies
Saying and meaning : a main theme in J. L. Austin's philosophy
Legislative power in a historical legal document : speech acts, performative verbs and the modal shall in the charter of the province of Massachusetts Bay (1691)
Performativity and performance / edited and introduction by Andrew Parker and Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick
Speech acts and conversational interaction
Linguistics and the professions : proceedings of the Second Annual Delaware Symposium on Language Studies
"Discourse Analysis beyond the Speech Event introduces a new approach to discourse analysis. In this innovative work, Wortham and Reyes argue that discourse analysts should look beyond fixed speech events and consider the development of discourses over time. Drawing on theories and methods from linguistic anthropology and related fields, this book is the first to present a systematic methodological approach to conducting discourse analysis of linked events, allowing researchers to understand not only individual events but also the patterns that emerge across them.Discourse Analysis beyond the Speech EventProvides a method for detailed examination of speech, writing and other communication Introduces students and researchers to the discourse analytic tools and techniques required to analyse the relationships between discourse events Offers explicit guidelines that direct the reader through different stages of discourse analytic research, including worked examples from conversation, magazines and social mediaIncorporates sample analyses from ethnographic, archival and new media data.This book is essential reading for advanced students and researchers working in the area of discourse analysis"--
The linguistics of speech
Textbook dialogues as models for spoken language?
The philosophy of language
Speech acts
Intention and communication : an essay in the phenomenology of language
"This student-friendly introduction to linguistic pragmatics explains all the major developments in core theoretical pragmatics and engages with the most recent debates in the field. It includes sections demonstrating how pragmatics can be applied to the study of literature, language acquisition and clinical linguistics"--Provided by publisher.
Evidentials and relevance
Making sense of discourse analysis
Whales, candlelight, and stuff like that : general extenders in English discourse
Modern transformational grammar : with particular reference to the theory of government and binding
Everyday talk : building and reflecting identities
Die Sprache in Aktion : Pragmatik, Sprechakte, Diskurs = Language in action : pragmatics, speech acts, discourse
Things done with words : speech acts in Hispanic drama : proceedings of the 1984 Stony Brook Seminar
Pragmatics : critical concepts. Vol. 3, Indexicals and reference
Observations on contractual speech acts
Executing pragmatic knowledge in ELF business context : request realization by students of economics
Holmes vs. Watson : politeness or self-oriented face-work?
Dialogue : an interdisciplinary approach : [papers presented at the 1st International encounter on the philosophy of language held in Campinas, Brazil in Aug. 1981]
Expression and meaning : studies in the theory of speech acts
Conversation analysis : an introduction
Performative linguistics : speaking and translating as doing things with words
Framing in discourse
Dangerous waters : analysis of speech acts defining and legitimising enhanced interrogation techniques
Speech acts, meaning and intentions : critical approaches to the philosophy of John R. Searle
The organizing property of communication
The use of directives in the literary speech in A. A. Milne's Pooh books
Performativity and performance
How are we directed? : linguistic expression of legislative action in European Union directives with special focus on the verb phrase
Diachronic speech act analysis : insults from flyting to flaming
The handbook of Hispanic linguistics
Discourse analysis beyond the speech event
Condoling and congratulating in Finnish and English : a cross-cultural pragmatic study
A discourse analytic study of conversation in comics : structure, power and ideology
Linguistic meaning. Vol. 2
A speech act analysis of Glen Merzer's Anonymous
The literary speech act : Don Juan with J. L. Austin, or seduction in two languages
Linguistics
(On) Searle on conversation
Speech acts in literature
Argumentation, communication, and fallacies : a pragma-dialectical perspective
The use of directives in the American TV-series ER
Speech realism in dramatic dialogue : a study of Irish English in John B. Keane's plays
