http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9186 TONNI
TONNI
AV-arkki : distribution centre for finnish media art : distribution catalogue 2012-2013
Gemine : muse : young artists in European museums
Interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries : proceedings of the first FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, 3-11 December 1991, Nouméa, New Caledonia. Vol. 1, Summary report and papers on interaction
Capture-based aquaculture : the fattening of eels, groupers, tunas and yellowtails
Indian ocean fishery commission : report of the ninth session of the committee for the management of Indian ocean tuna, Colombo, Sri Lanka, 9-12 December 1986.
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
It's a set-up : exhibition guide : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, Helsinki, 26.3.2010 - 20.2.2011 / texts by Eija Aarnio ... [et al.] ; translation Laura Mänki
View04 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = Festival of Finnish media art 16.1. - 29.2.2004 / järjestäjä = organiser: AV-Arkki ; toimittaja = editor: Kirsi Väkiparta
Estimation of tuna fishing capacity from stock assessment-related information : workshop to further develop, test and apply a method for the estimation of tuna fishing capacity from stock assessment-related information 14-16 May 2007 La Jolla, California, United States of America
Järjestetty juttu : Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, Helsinki, 26.3.2010 - 20.2.2011 = It's a set-up : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, Helsinki, 26.3.2010 - 20.2.2011 / [toimittajat = editors Eija Aarnio, Saara Hacklin ; toimituskunta = editorial staff Leevi Haapala, Pirkko Siitari ; käännökset suomi-englanti-suomi = translations Finnish-English-Finnish Laura Mänki]
AV-arkki 2009 : [View09 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art : 28.2.-1.3.2009] / [editors: Hanna Maria Anttila, Vesa Puhakka, Pirjetta Brander, Kirsi Reinola ; articles: Kirsi Reinola, Pirjetta Brander, Jaana Kokko]
Videoita valtion taidekokoelmasta = Videokonst från statens konstsamling = Videos from the Finnish State Art Collection / [teksti = text: Pirjetta Brander]
Global fishery resources of tuna and tuna-like species
Status of interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries in 1995 : proceedings of the second FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, Shimizu, Japan, 23-31 January 1995
Tropical tuna : surface fisheries in the Indian Ocean
Marine fishery resources of the Pacific Islands
Research implications of adopting the precautionary approach to management of tuna fisheries
Tuna for tomorrow? : some of the science behind an important fishery in the Pacific Islands
Skaalanihe : skulptuur avatud mänguväljal = Shiftscale : sculpture at the extended field : Eesti Kunstimuuseum, Kumu, Tallinn, 17.2. - 21.5.2006 / [kataloogi toimetaja = catalogue edited by: Renita Raudsepp]
International management of tuna fisheries : arrangements, challenges and a way forward
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
AV-arkki 2008 : [View08 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art : 24.5. - 27.5.2008] / editors: Hanna Maria Anttila, Pirjetta Brander, Eeva Pirkkala ; articles: Cécile Dazord, Pirjetta Brander, Kari Yli-Annala, Annamari Vänskä
Hunters, seamen, and entrepreneurs : the tuna seinermen of San Diego
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Harharetki = Irrfahrt = Stray trek : adventure to sound, shadow, light and motion in art
Process for the establishment of the Indian Ocean Tuna Comission
AV-arkki : tour 2006 : preview [Elektroninen aineisto] : [View06  : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art, 15.2. - 12.3.2006]
Determination of biogenic amines in food.
Lobster love from the deep : films 2001-2011
Cautious about precaution : recent judicial practice concerning the status of precautionary principle in international law
Bycatch in small-scale tuna fisheries : a global study
Tuna : a key economic resource in the Pacific : a report prepared for the Asian Development Bank and the Forum Fisheries Agency
Management of tuna fishing capacity : conservation and socio-economics : second meeting of the Technical Advisory Comittee of the FAO project : 15-18 March 2004, Madrid, Spain
Interactions of Pacific tuna fisheries : proceedings of the first FAO Expert Consultation on Interactions of Pacific Tuna Fisheries, 3-11 December 1991, Nouméa, New Caledonia. Vol. 2, Papers on biology and fisheries
AV-arkki : distribution centre for finnish media art : distribution catalogue 2013-2014
Options for the management of tuna fisheries in the Indian Ocean
Historical trends of tuna catches in the world
Review of the state of world marine fishery resources
Kuvanveistoa : VIII Mäntän kuvataideviikot 16.6. - 18.8.2002 = Sculpting : the 8th Mänttä Art festival / [järjestäjä: Mäntän kuvataiteen ystävät ry]
AV-arkki 2006 : [View06 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art, 15.2. - 12.3.2006] / [editors = toimittajat : Hanna-Maria Anttila, Pirjetta Brander, Eeva Pirkkala]
Oikeilla jäljillä... : [kokoelmat, Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma] = Tracking traces... : [collections, Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 27.3.2009 - 14.2.2010] / [kuraattorit = curators: Eija Aarnio, Leevi Haapala, Pirkko Siitari ; toimittajat = editors: Leevi Haapala, Pirkko Siitari]
Methodological workshop on the management of tuna fishing capacity : stock status, data envelopment analysis, industry surveys and management options : 8-12 May 2006, La Jolla, California, United States of America
Fish physiology. 19, Tuna : physiology, ecology, and evolution
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
