http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9184 nutritional physiology
nutritional physiology
Micronutrient intake in Nepalese mothers and children : study of the current stage and changes over time and determinants of vitamin A and iron intake in Nepalese mothers and their children from 2001 to 2011
Energy metabolism in animals : proceedings of the 15th Symposium on Energy Metabolism in Animals, Snekkersten, Denmark, 11-16 September 2000
Studies on the condition and the blood composition of emaciated horses treated with certain nutritional supplements during recovery and during contagious bronchopneumonia
Vitamins in animal nutrition : comparative aspects to human nutrition
Human nutrition : edited by Catherine A. Geissler, Hilary J. Powers
The blood code : unlock the secrets of your metabolism
Nutrients and brain function
Principles of protein nutrition of ruminants
Nutritional status assessment : a manual for population studies
Lipidmobilisation und Insulinfunktion bei Kühen mit hoher Milchleistung = Lipid mobilization and insulin function in cows with high milk yield
Patterns of variation in energy management in wintering tits (Paridae)
Protein metabolism in farm animals : evaluation, digestion, absorption, and metabolism
Managing gut health : natural growth promoters as a key to animal performance
The vitamins : fundamental aspects in nutrition and health
Nutritional biochemistry
Bioavailability of selenium in feedstuffs as studied in the chick
Nutritional ecology of the ruminant : ruminant metabolism, nutritional strategies, the cellulolytic fermentation and the chemistry of forages and plant fibers
Aspects of nutritional physiology
Digestive physiology and nutrition of the ruminant : proceedings of the University of Nottingham Seventh Easter School in Agricultural Science, 1960
Handbook of vitamins
In vitro digestion models for dietary phenolic compounds
Modelling nutrient utilization in farm animals
International oat conference, Lund, Sweden, July 4-8 1988 : proceedings
Marschner's mineral nutrition of higher plants
Sport nutrition : an introduction to energy production and performance
Rabbit nutrition and nutritional healing
Predicting feed intake of food-producing animals
The fats of life
Practical guide to exercise physiology
Growing pig performance : effects of dietary fibre, the halothane gene, transportation and mixing
Essentials of human nutrition
100 most disgusting things on the planet
Vitamin tolerance of animals
Energy nutrition in ruminants
Infant nutrition
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy, and human performance
Nutrition essentials and diet therapy
Milk production and physiological responses to concentrate supplementation of dairy cows grazing timothy-meadow fescue swards
Plant vitamins : agronomic, physiological and nutritional aspects
Blends theory with applied content and real-life examples to help nutritionists, coaches, and athletes design nutrition plans based on each athlete's individual needs and the specific demands of the sport.
Food selection and performance of microtine voles in relation to dietary protein and woody bark
Neurogastronomy : how the brain creates flavor and why it matters
The Nurse Practitioner's Guide to Nutrition
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 4, Regulation : digestion, nutrition, excretion
Abstract.
Modern nutrition in health and disease
Goat nutrition
The effect of carbohydrate supplements on the utilization of grass silage diets
Recent developments in poultry nutrition
Fish nutrition
Vitamins in animal and human nutrition
Leaf protein and its by-products in human and animal nutrition
Be a better runner : real-world, scientifically proven training techniques that will dramatically improve your speed, endurance, and injury resistance
"Respected and known worldwide in the field for his research in plant nutrition, Dr. Horst Marschner authored two editions of Mineral Nutrition of Higher Plants. His research greatly advanced the understanding of plant nutrition ranging from rhizosphere processes to nutrient uptake and utilization by plants in the field. While visiting field experiments in West Africa in 1996, Dr. Marschner contracted malaria and passed away, and until now this legacy title went unrevised. Despite the passage of time, it remains the definitive reference on plant mineral nutrition. Since the last edition, great progress has been made in the understanding of various aspects of plant nutrition. In recent years, the perspective on the mode of action of nutrients in plant metabolism and yield formation has shifted. Much progress has been made in the molecular aspects of nutrient uptake and transport within plants as well as the responses of plants to nutrient deficiency or toxicity. These and many other developments are covered in this long-awaited new edition."--P. [4] of cover.
World animal science. B 4, Feed science
Nutrition and digestive physiology in monogastric farm animals : reviews presented at the symposium on the occasion of the retirement of Dr Ir E. J. van Weerden, Wageningen, Netherlands, 26 May 1989
Exercise physiology for health care professionals
Digestive physiology in pigs : proceedings of the 5th International symposium on digestive physiology in pigs, Wageningen (Doorwerth), Netherlands, 24-26 April 1991
Present knowledge in nutrition
The nutrition and health dictionary
Nutritional physiology of the horse
The ruminant animal : digestive physiology and nutrition
Modern nutrition in health and disease : vol. 1-2
Vander, Sherman, Luciano's human physiology : the mechanisms of body function
Exercise physiology : energy, nutrition, and human performance
Phosphorus in the feeding of pigs : effect of diet on the absorption and retention of phosphorus by growing pigs
Health effects of omega3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in seafoods
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy and human performance
Functional biochemistry in health and disease
Ecology of harmful algae
Nutrition and lactation in the dairy cow
Sports and exercise nutrition
Storage of potatoes : post-harvest behaviour, store design, storage practice, handling
Sports nutrition : energy metabolism and exercise
Freediving
Nutritional ecology of the ruminant
"Setting the standard for more than 30 years, Exercise Physiology has helped more than 350,000 students build a solid foundation in the scientific principles underlying modern exercise physiology. This Eighth Edition is updated with the latest research in the field to give you easy-to-understand, up-to-date coverage of how nutrition, energy transfer, and exercise training affect human performance. Get quick access to the resources available to help you master each section of the text with "Ancillaries at a Glance." Maximize your study time with the book's vibrant, "magazine style" design that makes the content more engaging and accessible and key information easier to find. Reinforce your understanding with Chapter Objectives, Integrative Questions that pose open-ended questions for reflection on complex concepts, and FYI sections that offer "good to know" information. Gain an understanding of how researchers contribute to our knowledge of exercise physiology through engaging section-opening interviews with key figures in the field. Learn how theoretical concepts relate to practical skills through "In a Practical Sense" features. Access the most relevant current information in the field through figures and tables that clarify important concepts and information. Gain an understanding of the past, present, and future of the profession through coverage of important milestones and future directions in the field. Visit the free companion website for anywhere, anytime access to over 30 animations of key exercise physiology concepts, the book's complete list of references, and more"--Provided by publisher.
Performance nutrition : applying the science of nutrient timing
Energy for animal life
Biochemical, physiological, and molecular aspects of human nutrition
Nutritional factors in the regulation of voluntary ethanol drinking in the laboratory rat
Essentials of exercise physiology
Geriatric nutrition : a comprehensive review
Comparative physiology of fasting, starvation, and food limitation
Discovering nutrition
