http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9182 dirt (uncleanliness)
dirt (uncleanliness)
Atlas of oocytes, zygotes and embryos in reproductive medicine
Ethics in nursing practice
Effect of dirt on the behavior of light on a nanostructured surface
Hubbub : filth, noise & stench in England 1600-1770
Messy Molly
Posttranslational protein modifications in the reproductive system
Fertilization and embryonic development in vitro
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
The myopathic protein myotilin in developing mouse and in muscle function
Gene regulation and immune mechanisms in multiple sclerosis experimental models
Blackstone's guide to the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act, 1990 : abortion and embryo research, the new law
Ocular malformations induced by radiation of the mouse embryo : a histopathological study with a particular view to stage specificity
Cleaning techniques in conservation practice
Summary.
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
Analyses of kidney organogenesis through in vitro and in vivo approaches : generation of conditional Wnt4 mouse models and a method for applying inducible Cre-recombination for kidney organ culture
Agent orange, den fremmende & the process of escape : Kristin Lian Berg, Elin Solvang, Mahlet Ogbè Habte : avgagngsutstillingen avd. Kunstakademiet, Kunsthøgskolen i Bergen, 2006 / redaksjon: Kristin Lian Berg, Elin Solvang, Mahlet Ogbè Habte
Human embryos and research : proseedings of the European Biothics Conference in Mainz, 7-9 November 1988
M. A. Voloshin, artist-poet : a study of the synaesthetic aspects of his poetry
Corpus vasorum antiquorum : Australia. Nicholson Museum, University of Sydney
Rome, pollution, and propriety : dirt, disease, and hygiene in the eternal city from antiquity to modernity
Soiling and cleaning of floorings in animal houses
The kingdom of León-Castilla under Queen Urraca 1109-1126
Blue of noon
Dirt : new geographies of cleanliness and contamination
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Properties and cleanability of traditional and new agricultural surface materials : a laboratory study
The anatomy of the human embryo : a scanning electron-microscopic atlas
Filth : dirt, disgust, and modern life
The Holy Roman Empire
Maximilian Voloshin and the Russian literary circle : culture and survival in revolutionary times
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't wash
Mathematical modeling of the regulation, development and genetically engineered experimental models of cardiac excitation-contraction coupling
Puhtausalan sanasto = Vocabulary of cleaning industry
Developmental biology and pathology
Myopathic protein myotilin in developing mouse and in muscle funcion
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
Healthy respect : ethics in health care
Mammalian artificial chromosomes : methods and protocols
Dirty Work : concepts and identities
Evolutionary conflicts in a small mammal : behavioural, physiological and genetic differences between the sexes
Mir iskusstva : [the World of Art - Mir iskusstva : Ateneum, Helsinki 9.7. - 18.10.1998 : the Russian Museum, St. Petersburg, 26.11.1998 - 10.3.1999] / [editor-in-chief: Evgenia Petrova ; publisher: Joseph Kiblitsky ; senior editor: Vladimir Lenyashin] ; [exhibition organization: the State Russian Museum, St Petersburg, the Finnish National Gallery Ateneum, Helsinki ; curator of the Russian part of exhib
VEGF-C/VEGFR-3 and PDGF-B/PDGFR-ss pathways in embryonic lymphangiogenesis
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
On the mechanisms of neural development in the ventral telencephalon
A captive spirit : selected prose
The night driving legibility effects of dirt on road signs
Plexin B2 in mouse and zebrafish development
Towards an international ethic for research with human beings : proceedings of the International Summit Conference on Bioethics, April 5-10, 1987, Ottawa, Canada
Towards simplified deinking systems:a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Plate heat exchanger design methodology
Evaluation of easy-to-clean floor materials in farm conditions
The semblance of justice in Shakepeare's Venice and Vienna
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
VEGF-C/VEGFR-3 and PDGF-B/PDGFR-ß pathways in embryonic lymphangiogenesis
Aliens adored : Raël's UFO religion
Purity and danger : an analysis of the concepts of pollution and taboo
Before and since his enforced exile, Yang Lian has been one of the most innovative and influential poets in China. Widely hailed in America and Europe as a highly individual voice in world literature, he has been translated into many languages. "Lee Valley Poems" is his first book to be wholly conceived and written in London, once his place of exile and now his permanent home. It includes an extended sequence, "When Water Confirms", translated by Brian Holton and Agnes Hung-Chong Chan, and a suite of shorter poems translated by several poets, most of these working with Yang Lian: Polly Clark, Antony Dunn, Jacob Edmond, W.N. Herbert, Pascale Petit, Fiona Sampson and Arthur Sze. The book's preface, A Wild Goose Speaks to me, takes as its springboard Yang Lian's comment 'There is no international, only different locals'. With this perspective, the Lee Valley of his first London poems becomes the international inside the local: the poet may travel far but never really leaves the ground of his own inner self, and the value and joy of poetry is seen as fishing in the deep sea of existence. This title is available in bilingual Chinese-English edition.
The Chinese women's movement between state and market
Dirty old London : the Victorian fight against filth
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
Filthy fictions : Asian American literature by women
Human pluripotent stem cells : glycomic approachesfor culturing and characterization
The queen's vow : a novel of Isabella of Castile
A handbook of pronunciation : English, Italian, French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Arabic, Hindi, Chinese, Japanese, Esperanto
Human embryonic stem cells
Abstract.
Apulian red-figured paterae with flat or knobbed handles
VEGF-C and angiopoietins in lymphangiogenesis
Muovipintojen puhdistuvuuden tutkiminen radioaktiivisesti leimatuilla mallilioilla = Determination of soil adhesion to plastic surfaces using radioactive labelled model soils
Guidelines on research involving human subjects
Does biodegradation equal environmental degradation ? : the case of polydimethylsiloxanes (silicones)
Netter's atlas of human embryology
Morris the mankiest monster
Stone cleaning and the nature, soiling and decay mechanisms of stone : proceedings of the International Conference held in Edinburgh, UK, 14-16 April 1992
Where the sea stands still : new poems
Summary in Danish, (Resumé).
Everyday aesthetics
Summary report (s. 59-66).
"Rome, Pollution and Propriety brings together scholars from a range of disciplines in order to examine the historical continuity of dirt, disease and hygiene in one environment, and to explore the development and transformation of these ideas alongside major chapters in the city's history, such as early Roman urban development, Roman pagan religion, the medieval Church, the Renaissance, the Unification of Italy and the advent of Fascism. This volume sets out to identify the defining characteristics, functions and discourses of pollution in Rome in such realms as disease and medicine, death and burial, sexuality and virginity, prostitution, purity and absolution, personal hygiene and morality, criminality, bodies and cleansing, waste disposal, decay, ruins and urban renovation, as well as studying the means by which that pollution was policed and controlled"--Provided by publisher.
Atlas of mammalian chromosomes
Purity and danger : an analysis of concepts of pollution and taboo
