http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9191 competitive advantage
competitive advantage
New directions in supply chain management : technology, strategy, and implementation
Strategic development approach in a case company
Competing in process automation industry, analysis of the factors affecting competitiveness : case: Metso Automation Flow Control business line
Mindtrek is a technology conference organised in Tampere, Finland. The 2016  conference consisted of five different events: Open Source World, Internet of Things Event, Mindtrek  Immersion, Smart City Event and Academic Mindtrek. The main organiser of the international conference is  COSS - the Finnish Centre for Open Systems and Solutions: a small non-profit organisation of seven  employees. In 2016, COSS acted as the organiser of the event for the second time in a row.  The purpose of this study was to identify industry related critical success factors that might need further  development. The objective of this was for Mindtrek to stay ahead of competition in the international  conference scene and, thus, increase competitiveness and recognition. A central focus point needed to be found  for the conference themes so as to make the central message of Mindtrek clearer. The data were collected in two phases; by conducting an interview with the Executive Director of COSS, and  during the second phase an anonymous survey was filled out by the employees who took part in organising the  conference. Mainly qualitative data were used during the writing of this thesis.  During the interview with the Executive Director of COSS, it was found that the critical success factors the  Executive Director wanted to further develop were all innovation related factors. Thus, the second phase of the  study included a survey filled out by the employees in order to find out if the prerequisites for innovation were  fully met at the workplace. The majority of respondents felt that they were not entirely sure of the vision and  goals of Mindtrek, and they hoped for more logical processes within the organisation.  The findings indicate that the innovative abilities of the team could be increased by clarifying the vision and  goals of the conference. This would help with finding a central focus point and deciding on the right themes.  The results also suggest that the filing system in use ought to be reorganised in order to facilitate the flow of  information between employees. Moreover, the innovation process should be paid attention to; problems or  topics should be clearly defined before meetings and more time should be reserved for discussion.
Marketing plan for pet store Tassumassu
Abstract.
ORGANIZATIONAL CAPABILITIES FOR STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP IN WELL-KNOWN LOGISTICS COMPANIES IN FINLAND
Enhancing competences for competitive advantage
E-business : driving company and economy wide competitive advantage
Needs and expectations in finnish SMEs concerning environmental know-how of business graduates
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Innovation as a Building Block of Success : Increasing the Competitiveness of Mindtrek
Competitive advantages of the latecomer firm : a resource-based account of industrial catch-up strategies
Over the years, tourism has become one of largest industries in the world. It has boosted national economy, reduced economy trade deficit as well as helped country's development in many countries. However, with the sheer size of the industry, it generates a great deal of solid and liquid wastes from tourism operations. Consequently, it causes serious environmental degradation. As tourism depends heavily on nature, there is a need to care for it; for the survival of future tourism. Organic waste management, under the umbrella of environmental management, is an effective tool for this role. Acknowledging the importance of this tool in the hotel sector, the author has asked the questions, “ What are the economic benefits of organic waste management in hotels' operations in tourism destination”, and set research objectives to find out whether some hotels gain economic benefits from such management. The chosen sampling is Green Leaf Hotels, hotels practicing it in Thailand.    Within the literature consulted by the author, many studies have identified several benefits from managing organic wast. This study focuses on three issues: first, helping hotels to save money on cost reduction; second, enabling hotels to gain other income from the organic-waste-by-products; third helping hotels to increase competitiveness in part of marketing and pricing strategy.    One of the main purposes of this study is to educate and form basic understanding to hotels about potential economic benefits of organic waste management in their businesses. Therefore, a qualitative study is the most suitable research position. The online questionnaire was judged the most appropriate methodology, as it allows the author to conduct research and gather primary data from Thailand, while living in Finland. In the process of data analysis, this research usedcaptive case study as it permits the author to concentrate on a specific and relevant group of sampling.    The author was able to collect 33 responses. This number is not statistically enough to cross compare the Thai and international hotels, as one goal set for this study. Thus, the data was instead analyzed based on their level of the organic waste management approaches employed in hotels: and the author further discussed how much these hotels gain economic benefits, in relation to their level of effort in organic waste management.     The author spent time during September 2009-May 2010 to complete the whole study; the content was written only during January to May 2010.
Beating low cost competition : how premium brands can respond to cut-price rivals beating the competition
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find out the most considerable port location for a possible storage operation for a case company. The idea was to compare three differ-ent ports recommended in Europe which were Antwerp, Rotterdam and Hamburg, and also to consider different factors that will affect the decision when choosing the location. In this case the most important factors are the container traffic from Rauma, and overall the sales perspective about the warehousing.     The theory part consists of supply chain and logistic activities, where the focus is on warehousing. It handles overall warehousing from the logistics point of view, even though the profitability of storage is not calculated. Another focus area in theory was related to the criteria for choosing the location of storage place. There were factors about the weekly traffic from Port of Rauma, and details about the proposed ports. Also about the weight limitations for trucks in Europe and train connections from the proposed ports onwards in Europe.     The methodology part was to describe the data collection and the qualitative research. This study was made by using the qualitative research, and two different semi-structured interviews were made. The first interview was with the Sales Director of the case company. There the focus was to get opinions about the possible warehouse and specially the sales point of view of it. The customers' locations had a significant meaning as well in the discussion. Then the other interview was held to the Port Director of the Port of Rauma, which handled factors about the future prospects of the container traffic from Rauma onwards, and a discussion about these specific ports.     In the end, there is the analysis of the interviews and a comparison of the ports together and a certain factors listed why the chosen proposed port was Port of Antwerp. It was the most considerable port for the possible storage operation. The result was mostly based on the weekly traffic that departure from Rauma, and also Antwerp is close to the customers as well. In the Benelux countries the case company has more clientele than in Hamburg, and to Antwerp the connections are better than to Rotterdam.
The impossible advantage : winning the competitive game by changing the rules
Dyadic relations between the main contractor and its suppliers : a case study to clarify critical factors in Metso Paper Ltd
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Emerging practices and impacts of the sustainable financing in the pulp and paper industry
Theory of strategic management
Five future strategies you need right now
Marketing strategy & organization: building sustainable business
Core competencies of small and medium-sized enterprises in the medical technology industry
The morning after : making corporate mergers work after the deal is sealed
The success factors of the Danish energy service industry
Comparative advantages and competition strategies of cities in the professional meetings industry : case Helsinki
Does multi-stage marketing pay? : creating competitive advantages through multi-stage marketing
Dynamic capabilities as enablers of value co-creation between an MBA school and its students
Customer relationship marketing in night club branch : case: organising an event in night club
The meaning of chaining for a single entrepreneur in furniture business : case: Stemma Oy
Productivity as a competitive edge of a service firm : theoretical analysis and a case study of the Finnish banking industry
Improving competitiveness for a middle-size b-to-b wholesale company : case: Company X Ltd
Competing for a sustainable world : building capacity for sustainable innovation
Proposal for storage location : case Forchem Oy
Contemporary strategy analysis : text and cases
This work draws on up to date empirical evidence to illustrate how SMEs can become more innovative through the introduction of new products and services. It discusses the effective and efficient use of information technology by broadening management skills and knowledge.
Finnair competitive advantage through environmental responsibility
Measuring procurement performance : a review of financial key performance indicators for a purchasing organization in Company X
Maintaining the competitive advantage for a trading company : a case study: small-sized meat trading company
Developing the service offering : a source of competitive advantage
The development of strategic business designs, a multiple comparison case study in Finnish industry
Creating dynamic capabilities : R&D network management for globally distributed research and development in the software industry
Developing competitiveness of a company using a new business process engineering concept
Brand positioning : strategies for competitive advantage
The innovation premium : how next generation companies are achieving peak performance and profitability
A true competitive advantage? : reflections on different epistemological approaches to strategy research
Competitiveness analysis
Electronic services as a creator of competitive advantage in conventional scheduled airlines
Industry and competitive analysis of X-TEC Oy Ltd
The objective of this paper was to explore the subject of forestry partners programs, a type of wood supply resource to the pulp mills in Brazil, and its impact on the cost of eucalyptus wood, i.e. which changes did it cause in the cost of eucalyptus wood to the pulp mill, whether the wood coming from the programs are of a lower cost or more expensive to the mill and the influence of land charges in the cost of the wood. The second objective was to identify the reasons for the migration of the pulp producing companies to the Southern Hemisphere. The third objective was to verify the trend in use of forestry partners programs by the pulp mills in Brazil. The theoretical background for this research consist of Michael Porter's Five Competitive Forces Model, for addressing the competitive environment of the pulp and paper industry, and Porter's Three Generic Strategies of Competitive Advantage to provide the foundation for the analysis of the cost components of paper and pulp manufacturing in different regions in the world, the eucalyptus wood cost components and its competitiveness as a fiber resource for pulp production, and the cost competitiveness of forestry partners programs in the supply of eucalyptus wood for pulp manufacturing. Primary data was collected through face-to-face, semi-structured interviews with three experts in the pulp and paper industry, from Pöyry Forest Industry Consulting, and through open, self-administered questionnaires, sent to three experts of the Brazilian forest sector: one professor of forestry at the University of São Paulo, one responsible for the forestry partners programs at the world's leading exporter of market pulp, Aracruz Celulose, and one responsible for the forestry partners programs at Brazil's largest paper and paperboard producer, Klabin. The results of this study show an increasingly important role of fast-growing plantations for the supply of wood to the pulp and paper industry due to its cost competitiveness, which justifies the growing presence of pulp producing companies in the Southern Hemisphere, especially Latin America. The study indicates that the wood derived from forestry partners programs come at a cheaper cost to the mill, than the wood grown in the mill's own plantations. The biggest advantage of forestry partners programs to the pulp mill is, however, the non-mobilization of capital in land. The trend in the use of forestry partners programs is moving upwards, as pulp and paper companies in Brazil seek to enlarge the percentage of wood deriving from the programs to an average of about 20% by the next few years.
Many faces of innovation : from literature synthesis to empirical studies
Are expatriate assignments still needed? : the study of benefits of expatriate assignments for a company :  case study: Metso Automation
An interaction framework for deploying the knowledge of diasporas : Using Finland as an example
Different : escaping the competitive herd
Creating a Competitive Advantage for the Commercial Real Estate Management Company on the Basis of Competitor Analysis : Case Study “Spektr”
The answers to what makes a sustainable bestseller aren't in the successful product. The answers are in the successful product's users. It's not the product success that matters most, it's the successful results of those who use it. Repeatedly. Consistently. Sustainably. The answer to a sustainable bestseller is to shift the focus from making an awesome product to making an awesome user of that product. The answer lies is helping users become badass not just at using the product, but at whatever it is the product can help them do and be. And some of those answers are surprising, counterintuitive, but can be implemented by anyone at any stage in a product's development. Even if you can't improve your product, you can still improve your user's experience by designing for what happens after they use it. Badass: Making Users Awesome is a course in how to create a context in which users can become more skillful, and, most importantly, to stay motivated to keep moving forward. Everything our users experience is part of that context, and even the smallest improvements can have a dramatic impact.
The importance of sport sponsorship as a tool for gaining competitive advantage through distinctive competence
Principles of marketing
The author of the following thesis has a plan of founding a casual restaurant called "Bouillon" in Ruoholahti in a few years time, therefore this project-based thesis represents a planning work for this venture.     The idea behind this project was to create an efficient and persuasive business plan, which will provide enough arguments for acquiring an investors' loan. The second objective of this paper was to prepare a summarized list of the core characteristics of a future restaurant that would become a base for building the competitive business strategy of it. The paper also aims to develop working tools for managing the future company in the right direction until it gets a solid position in the desired market niche.    The last objective of this thesis was to study how it is possible to minimize the risks of failing the future business. For that author has researched, based on the literature review and personal working experience, what is the restaurant culture in Finland like and how has it evolved through the times. After assessing the most valued restaurant characteristics in Finland, the author concludes that it is price to value ratio (good quality and affordable prices), that has potentially the highest margin of success in Finnish dining out culture. Thereafter, she scrutinizes what are the critical points in the restaurant management that can be accordingly regulated in order to equalize the ratio in the future "Bouillon" restaurant.      As the result, the author will have a completed business plan for presenting it to the potential investors. The thesis shall also provide the author with more confidence in her endeavour by setting the frames for a business development direction. Moreover this work will also present readymade tools for maintaining the sustainable competitiveness of the "Bouillon" restaurant.
PROFITABILITY IMPROVEMENT FROM EFFICIENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT IN A PROJECT-BASED COMPANY
Developing competitive advantages and improving collaboration within the supply chain
Strategy and place : managing corporate real estate and facilities for competitive advantage
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
Foundations of strategy
The ownership quotient : putting the service profit chain to work for unbeatable competitive advantage
Marketing Strategy Study For Customized Humidors In East Ontario Area
Abstract:  Customer service in logistics.
The augmented product concept in the market of existing buildings without an elevator
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
Brazilian foreign direct investment in Africa : in search of natural resources and diplomatic power
Gaining competitive advantage through human resource management, a case study: the subsidiary of Aroma Housewares Company
Business process outsourcing for strategic advantage
Product cost analysis during pre-development
Competitive advantage in SMEs : organising for innovation and change
Roadmap for business process management implementation : A case study in telecommunications industry
Biodiesel a means to sustainable competitive advantage in Nigeria’s manufacturing companies
B2C marketing plan : focusing on camera product category for Le Bao Minh Joint Stock Investment Company
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
Buyer-seller relationships in furniture business in St. Petersburg : Russian retailers` experiences of foreign manufacturers
Creating Competitive Advantage Through Online Marketing: Case InterAxionsPlus Oy
Organizational learning : the competitive advantage of the future
Relationship between currency devaluation and competitive advantage : case: Italian ceramic tile industry
Special competitive advantage of paired border cities : a case study of El Paso - Cd. Juárez and Imatra - Svetogorsk
Ecolabelling in hotel and restaurant industry
Strategic positioning with an environmentally responsible image
Implementing sustainable competitive advantage to the public sector's management system : by sense and respond methodology in facilities services unit's preparedness
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
Company Diversification Strategies : The Case of BIS Group in London, UK
The manager's guide to competitive marketing strategies
Strategy, control and competitive advantage : case study evidence
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
Process-based strategic planning
Using relationship marketing and VIP-practices in Helsinki night restaurants
The motives of Chinese foreign investments in the Baltic Sea Region
Competitive edges of Finnish industrial SMEs
Choosing a suitable market entry mode for a company in the internationalisation process to russia : Case: Jesper Junior
Crafting and executing strategy : the quest for competitive advantage : concepts and cases
Business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection : customer service as a competitive advantage
Badass : making users awesome
Successful Born Global internationalization : dynamic capabilities development
Creating Core Competence and an Expansion Plan for a Chinese Wellness Company in Finland
Co-operation and networking in Well Life Center (WLC) : benefits to the participating organizations
Exploring business models in ecosystemic contexts
Talent : making people your competitive advantage
The relationship between organic waste management in hotels and economic benefits, case study, Green Leaf Hotels, Thailand
Employee Well-Being as Competitive Advantage
The impact of forestry partners programs on the cost of Eucalyptus wood for pulp manufacturing in Brazil
Market study - the port of Kokkola and its competitors on the West coast of Finland
Contemporary issues in human resource management : gaining a competitive advantage
About generating a competitive advantage from contracting competence
Competitor analysis of Protex Inc. in Hebei market, China
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
Gaining competitive advantage and developing customer orientation of Chinese small sized vendor into the Finnish market : case study: Sandic International Trade Oy
Management accounting and strategic human resource management
Evolution of software business in industrial companies : resources, capabilities and strategy
Sustainable competitive advantage through resource allocations in operational strategies in housing business : case company
Competitiveness of Finnish small and medium-sized enterprises : a follow-up study
Global economic issues and policies
The competitive edge of Saga Furs' marketing strategy
Nowadays, coffee has a very important role in the Finnish culture and is part of the modern lifestyle. The coffee culture in Finland is constantly diversifying and is increasingly influenced with a Southern European touch. Service orientation is more frequently expected but rarely delivered. Service orientation is an excellent way to differentiate for a competitive advantage.     The theory part of this thesis examines the dimensions of service quality, required personal skills and sales processes for the delivery of service excellence for a competitive advantage. The product part of this thesis includes the creation of a business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection, a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage. The service and sales processes in the business plan are designed based on the findings in the theory part for a unique service experience.     The purpose of this thesis is to work as an action plan in the possible business start-up of a lifestyle cafe with a similar concept. To conclude, it is determined whether or not a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage has the potential to be profitable and whether a business start-up should be established using the planned concept.
Managing in a strategic business context
Governance of the extended enterprise : bridging business and IT strategies
Competitor analysis for Feelback Ltd - A base for strategic decision making
Synthesizing : a blue ocean
Customer service in logistics : Case company Next Stop Distribution
BRANDING AN ATHLETE AND CREATING STRATEGIC SPONSORSHIP CO-OPERATION RELATIONSHIPS – CASE CARINA KETONEN
Exploring the competitive advantage through ERP systems : from implementation to applications in agile networks
Estimating company's competitive advantage : case Edward Air Cargo B.V
Business driven purchasing and supply management (PSM) as a sustainable competitive advantage of a company : (case: Company Oyj)
Lean competitive advantage : lean drivers for the new reality
Revenue engine : why revenue performance management is the next frontier of competitive advantage
Staying in the vanguard : using environmental benchmarking to foster competitive advantage
International Case Studies in Asset Management
Gaining competitive advantage through superior customer value delivery
Lean but agile : rethink workforce planning and gain a true competitive edge
Creating a power retailer
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
Extreme trust : honesty as a competitive advantage
Tiivistelmä:Buyer-seller relationships in furniture business in St. Petersburg.
Developing a business plan for "Bouillon" restaurant in Ruoholahti
Supporting employer branding by inbound marketing in Russia
Innovation as a building block of success : increasing the competitiveness of Mindtrek
Procurement 20/20 : supply entrepreneurship in a changing world
Hotels in toughening competition : case study of Rovaniemi and hotel Santa Claus
Guerrilla marketing for consultants : breakthrough tactics for winning profitable clients
Industy, space and competition : the contribution of economists of the past
Competitive tools in green cosmetics marketing
Progressive kaizen : the key to gaining a global competitive advantage
A large number of family businesses operate in the luxury fashion sector, which shows their importance as a source of growth, development and social and economic stability. Innovation in Luxury Fashion Family Business analyses how a strategy of innovation in terms of products and processes can offer a competitive advantage to large and medium-sized family businesses operating in the industry. The book offers a business model for companies in order to manage such strategies of innovation efficiently and effectively, as well as for the purpose of educating customers to appreciate more innovative products.
Dynamic capabilities and competitive advantage : case: Orion Pharma Corporation
Competitiveness in the tourism sector : a comprehensive approach from economic and management points
Innovation in luxury fashion family business : Processes and products innovation as a means of growth
A young SME in a rival market
Marketing strategy in play : questioning to create difference
Michael Porter's competitive advantage theory : focus strategy for SMEs
Strategy for sustainable competitive advantage : surviving declining demand and China's global development
Strategic insights for competitive advantage through connected products
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Open-source software strategy and business ecosystems
Generating competitive advantage through competitor information systems
Social ventures : the theory of sustainable contributive advantage and initial empirical tests
The use of corporate responsibility data for business benefits : facilitating data collection, distribution and use with information systems and knowledge management principles
Business opportunities an competitive business environment : case study: Tanzania
Building competitive advantage by developing customer relationship : case: Produce Buying Company Limited
Theory of strategic management : with cases
Creating competitive advantage in a mature B2B market by branding
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
Competitor analysis : Case: ABB Services India
Managing technology for competitive advantage : integrating technological and organisational development : from strategy to action
Creating a sustained competitive advantage in a single industry. Utilization of core resources and capabilities in customer value creation : a comparative case study on the hotel and restaurant business in Helsinki
The teamNet factor : bringing the power of boundary crossing into the heart of your business
