http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9194 material culture
material culture
Material culture and other things : post-disciplinary studies in the 21st century
An ethno-geographical analysis of the material culture of two Indian tribes in the Gran Chaco
Vintage Singapore : souvenirs from the recent past
The changes in the material culture of two Indian tribes under the influence of new surroundings
Material culture : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 1, part 2
Material culture : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 1, part 1
Theories of things : everyday objects, material identity and social practice
Archaeologies of materiality
Notes on the ethnology of Tibet : based on the collections in the U.S. National Museum
Man, the manipulator : an ethno-archaeological basis for reconstructing the past
Material culture and religious meanings : the objects of pilgrims
Netsilik Eskimo material culture : the Roald Amudsen Collection from King William Island
Spirit and ancestor : a century of Northwest Coast Indian art at the Burke Museum
The senses still : perception and memory as material culture in modernity
Reconsidering ethnicity : material culture and identity in the past
Erare humanum est : bugs and bloopers in antiquity
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
The origin of things : a cultural history of man
The Nganasan : the material culture of the Tavgi Samoyeds
Material culture : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 2
Memory, society and material culture : papers from the third theoretical seminar of the Baltic archaeologists (BASE) held at the University of Latvia, October 5-6, 2007
Sledges and wheeled vehicles : ethnological studies from the view-point of Sweden
Object worlds in ancient Egypt : material biographies past and present
Oceania : world views of the South Seas
Africa in the world : past and present : a museum history
Art and archaeology : unmasking material culture
Documents to the culture of objects of the Ugor tribes by the river Ob
Material culture : a research guide
Pacific material culture : essays in honour of Dr. Simon Kooijman on the occasion of his 80th birthday
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
Chinese and Japanese Cloisonné Enamels
Metaphor and material culture
China : a history in art
Hulda's hut : on the margins of material existence
Little chief's gatherings : the Smithsonian Institution's G.K. Warren 1855-1856 plains Indian collection and the New York State Library's 1855-1857 Warren expedition journals
Of mosaics and mosques : a look at the campaign to preserve cultural heritage
The Oxford handbook of the archaeology of the contemporary world
Thinking through material culture : an interdisciplinary perspective
Material culture : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 3, part 1
Verb matters : architecture boogazine : built, active substance in the form of networks, at all scales from the biggest to the smallest : a survey of current formal amd material possibilities in the context of the information age
Ethnological glances at material culture
Indonesian houses. Vol. 1, Tradition and transformation in vernacular architecture
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
Ethnography of the Surprise Valley Paiute
Inrō of the Ryūkyūs : lacquered medicine containers
Nomads of the long bow : the Siriono of Eastern Bolivia
The Melanesians : studies in their anthropology and folk-lore
DDR, GRD, RDA souvenirs : ...und sie nannten es "Sonderinventar" = ... and it was called "Special Inventory" = ...et c'est un fonds "bien spécial"
Upakarṇ proeprâs râl thnai = Tools and practices : change and continuity in the Cambodian countryside
This blessed plot, this earth : English pottery studies in honour of Jonathan Horne
The spatial organisation of culture
In the trenches
The object reader
The works of the people of old = Na hana a ka po'e kahiko
Expanding archaeology
Exhibiting plastic : ways of touching modern material culture
Heritage of Kazakhstan. Volume 1
Finland and its vernacular art prior to 1850.
Material culture and the study of American life
Japanese collections in European museums : reports from the Toyota-Foundation-Symposium, Königswinter 2003.. 1, General prospects
Heritage of Kazakhstan. Volume 2
Provides an authoritative overview of an emerging subfield -- Written by a diverse and leading group of international and interdisciplinary scholars working on innovative new themes and in non-traditional archaeological contexts -- Fully illustrated throughout, and includes three photo-essays which reflect on some of the key themes in the Handbook -- It has been clear for many years that the ways in which archaeology is practised have been a direct product of a particular set of social, cultural, and historical circumstances - archaeology is always carried out in the present. More recently, however, many have begun to consider how archaeological techniques might be used to reflect more directly on the contemporary world itself: how we might undertake archaeologies of, as well as in the present. This Handbook is the first comprehensive survey of an exciting and rapidly expanding sub-field and provides an authoritative overview of the newly emerging focus on the archaeology of the present and recent past. In addition to detailed archaeological case studies, it includes essays by scholars working on the relationships of different disciplines to the archaeology of the contemporary world, including anthropology, psychology, philosophy, historical geography, science and technology studies, communications and media, ethnoarchaeology, forensic archaeology, sociology, film, performance, and contemporary art. This volume seeks to explore the boundaries of an emerging sub-discipline, to develop a tool-kit of concepts and methods which are applicable to this new field, and to suggest important future trajectories for research. It makes a significant intervention by drawing together scholars working on a broad range of themes, approaches, methods, and case studies from diverse contexts in different parts of the world, which have not previously been considered collectively.
Message from the Ainu : craft and spirit
Japanese arts and the tea ceremony
The natural world of the California Indians
Making domestic technology meaningful : from purification to emotions
Storing vessels scooped out of wood in the Carpathian basin
Arts of diplomacy : Lewis and Clark's Indian collection
The artificial kingdom : on the kitsch experience
Greater Khorasan : history, geography, archaeology and material culture
Australian aboriginal stone implements : including bone, shell and tooth implements
Material culture : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 3, part 2
Introducing social semiotics
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Continuity and change in the material culture of Micronesia
Poklady Moravy : přiběh jedné historické země = Treasures of Moravia : story of a historical land
Worldly goods
Minnesota collects
The jewelry of Southeast Asia
Material culture of Kenya
Korean home : the way of living = Korealainen koti
Folk wood carving in Romania
Hawai'i : the Royal Isles
A Néprajzi Múzeum kincsei = The treasures of the Ethnographical Museum : 1872-1972
Matter matters : art education and material culture studies
Objects and identities
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
The material culture of the Ambo of Northern Rhodesia
Mission possible? : the Basel mission collection reflecting cultural encounters
Glossarium artis = Wörterbuch zur Kunst = Dictionnaire des termes d'art. Bd 11, Index universalis multilingualis : Deutsch - Französisch - Englisch - Latein = Allemand - Français - Anglais - Latin = German - French - English - Latin = Germanicus - Francogallicus - Anglosaxicus - Latinus
Material anthropology : contemporary approaches to material culture
Celebrating events with banquets and ceremonies in the Joseon dynasty
An ages-old civilization
Japanese collections in European museums : reports from the Toyota-Foundation-Symposium, Königswinter 2003.. 2, Regional studies
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Yuungnaqpiallerput : the way we genuinely live : masterworks of Yup'ik science and survival
