http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9196 work footwear
work footwear
Before the heels : footwear and shoemaking in Turku in the Middle Ages and at the beginning of the early modern period
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Our boots : an Inuit women's art
The forgotten arts and crafts
Rahwaan puku : näkökulmia Suomen kansallismuseon kansanpukukokoelmiin = Folk costume : a survey of the Finnish National Museum folk costume collection
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 3, The United States and Canada
How we felt : desings + techniques from contemporary felt artists
English summary.
Crafting handmade shoes : great-looking shoes, sandals, slippers & boots
Craft, industry and everyday life : leather and leatherworking in Anglo-Scandinavian and medieval York
A way of life
Issues in the leather and footwear industry : a summary (s. 42-43).
Sew slippers for kids : 8 slipper patterns
Crafts of Himachal Pradesh
Knitted baby booties
The art of the shoe
Shoes and patterns
Cult streetwear
Scandinavian-style feltmaking : a three dimensional approach to hats, boots, mittens, and other useful objects
Implementing codes of conduct : how businesses manage social performance in global supply chains
Wearable art : accessories & jewelry 1900 - 2000
Knitted boot cuffs
Native American leather & bead crafting
The mountain man's sketch book : Vol. 1
Wearable art : accessories & jewelry 1900-2000
Altered style : sewing & embellishing wearable fashions
Shoes and pattens
Femine fur trade fashions 1800-1840
The pastoral tuareg : ecology, culture and society. Volume 1 & 2
Physical anthropology and traditional culture of Finno-Ugrie peoples : materials of Soviet-Finnish symposium, Helsinki, may 1991 [i.e. 1989] = Fizičeskaâ antropologiâ i tradicionnaâ kul'tura finnougorskih narodov, antropologičeskaâ čast' : materialy sovetsko-finlândskogo simpoziuma, Hel'sinki, maj 1989
Stepping through time : archaeological footwear from prehistoric times until 1800
Leatherwork : 25 practical ideas for hand-crafted leather projects that are easy to make at home
Killer slippers and how to make them
Leather work
Over 90 years of footwork : the history of the Viljanmaa family
Shoe & leather bibliography
A dynamic method for assessing pedestrian slip resistance
Summary and suggested points for discussion (s. 162-171).
Suomen salat = Top secrets of Finland
Patterns in transition : moccasin production and ornamentation of the Janvier Band Chipewyan
Bags, belts & soft shoes
Employment and working conditions and competitiveness in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 2
Liz Lange's maternity style : how to look fabulous during the most fashion-challenged time
Felted bags, boots & other things : 56 projekts
I spy diy style : find fashion you love and do it yourself
The cowboy boot
Handmade shoes for men
THE SPIRIT OF NATIVE AMERICA
The book of buckskinning III
Fashion design course : accessories : design practice and processes for creating hats, bags, shoes and more
Alaska Eskimo footwear
The life of an unknown : the rediscovered world of a clog maker in nineteenth-century France
Vintage menswear : a collection from the vintage showroom
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 15, pt. 7-A, Uttar Pradesh. Handicrafts survey monograph, 2.
The forgotten arts
Summary (s. 337-359).
Workwear : work fashion seduction
Recent developments in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 1
English summary / The English Center.
Baby booties : eighteen pretty pairs to knit
Leather artefacts and leather working in Turku, SW Finland : tracing the medieval technology and fashion
Fashion trims : customize and create bespoke clothes and accessories
Fashion extras
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 15, pt. 7-A, Uttar Pradesh. Handicrafts survey monograph, 3.
