http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9200 legal aid
legal aid
Royal Commission on Legal Services in Scotland. Vol. 1, Report
Finnish aid in progress : premises and practice of official development assistance
On legal expertise and cost-free legal aid in Finland
International judicial assistance
Making policy in Europe : the Europeification of national policy-making
State aid policy in the European Community : a guide for practitioners
Legan foundations of the welfare state
Law, ethics, and medicine : studies in medical law
Summary and recommendations (s. 1-43).
A case study of the 1961 Hague Convention abolishing the requirement of foreign public documents
Global urban justice : the rise of human rights cities
Caught in conflicts : civilian victims, humanitarian assistance and international law
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Explanatory report on the European convention on the service abroad of documents relating to administrative matters
International extradition : United States law and practice
Access to justice in Central and Eastern Europe : country reports
Royal Commission on Legal Services in Scotland. Vol. 2, Appendices. Part A. Numbers 1-6
Legal aid in civil, commercial and administrative matters : resolution (76) 5 adopted by Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 18 February 1976 and explanatory memorandum
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
Mutual assistance in criminal matters : international co-operation in the investigation and prosecution of crime
New developments in European state aid law 2006 : proceedings of the 4th Experts' Forum held in Brussels on 18 and 19 May 2006.
Perspectives on legal aid : an international survey
The main purpose of this study is to evaluate the present state of legal aid in China. On one level, this is an easy question. All measures of quantity indicate real progress since the Chinese government decided to construct a national legal aid system in 1994. Since then, the Ministry of Justice has established 32,000 legal aid organizations and over 55,000 legal aid stations at the county, district, provincial, and municipal levels. Yet upon closer inspection, these figures raise as many questions as they answer. How many citizens need aid but didn't receive it? What impact did the legal aid experience have on those who sought assistance? What types of cases were handled, and perhaps more importantly, what types of cases weren't? This study seeks to identify answers to these and other questions.
State aids under the EEC Treaty : Articles 92 to 94
EU private international law : an EC Court casebook
Life's dominion : an argument about abortion and euthanasia
Fundamental rights in the external activities of the European Union in the fields of justice and asylum and migration in 2003 : thematic comment no. 2
Executive summary.
Gesamtkonzept für eine Europäische Strafrechtspflege = A Programme for European Criminal Justice
The defense counsel
Current problems of the international humanitarian law
Access to criminal justice
What next in the law
European inter-state co-operation in criminal matters : the council of Europe's legal instruments. 3
Assessing international assistance in law enforcement : themes, findings and recommendations from a case-study of the Republic of Estonia
Civil procedure and EU law : a policy area uncovered
The Soviet Union and international cooperation in legal matters. Part 3, Criminal law
The moral limits of the criminal law. Vol. 3, Harm to self
Self-defence in criminal law
Access to justice and the welfare state
Right to defence and fair legal procedures in the member states and the candidate countries
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
Access to justice in Central and Eastern Europe : a source book
Hungary's legal assistance experiences in the age of globalization
Legal aid and advice : replies made by governments to the questionnaire on legal aid and advice
War games : the story of aid and war in modern times
Law as an instrument of economic policy : comparative and critical approaches
Community law centres : a critical apprisal
International judicial assistance (civil and commercial)
New developments in European state aid law 2007 : proceedings of the 5th Experts' forum held in Brussels on 21 and 22 May 2007
Obtaining evidence in another jurisdiction in business disputes
Inter-American Convention on Extradition, signed at Caracas, Venezuela, on February 25, 1981, at the Inter-American Specialized Conference on Extradition
Understanding advocacy for children and young people
A new world order
Ordinary justice : legal services and the courts in England and Wales : a consumer view
Just mercy : a story of justice and redemption
Organised crime around the world
The development of a course for the Red Cross on the rights and responsibilities of medical personnel according to international humanitarian law
Legal aid and the rule of law in the People's Republic of China
Judicial cooperation in civil matters with Russia and methods evaluation
Gideon's trumpet
Street-level bureaucracy : dilemmas of the individual in public services
China's developing legal aid system
Public interest litigation in India : a renaissance in social justice
The United Nations and crime prevention
The law of extradition and mutual assistance
2009 EATLP Congress, 4-6 June 2009 : Mutual assistance and information exchange
Judicial system. Part 2. 4, Legal costs and legal aid in civil litigation
New developments in European state aid law 2005 : proceedings of the 3rd Experts' forum held in Brussels on 26 and 27 May 2005.
European inter-state co-operation in criminal matters : the council of Europe's legal instruments. 1
Explanatory report on the European Agreement on the Transmission of Applications for Legal Aid
Legal instruments in the fight against international terrorism : a transatlantic dialogue
State aid and the European economic constitution
Law in humanitarian crises = Le droit face aux crises humanitaires. Volume 2 , Access to victims: right to intervene or right to receive humanitarian assistance? = L'accès aux victimes: droit d'ingérence ou droit à l'assistance humanitaire?
European Agreement on the Transmission of Applications for Legal Aid, Strasbourg 27.1.1977 = Accord européen sur la transmission des demandes d'assistance judiciaire
Good practice in mutual legal assistance in criminal matters : statements by the member states of the EU
Annual proceedings of the Fordham Competition Law Institute : international antitrust law & policy
Access to justice
International Red Cross handbook
Rethinking legal need : the case of criminal justice
Counselling skills in social work practice
Hope and help for chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia
Availability of law enforcement information in the European Union : between mutual recognition and equivalent right of access
Subsidies and international trade : a European lawyers' perspective
El derecho a la información sobre la asistencia consular en el marco de las garantías del debido proceso legal : opinión consultiva OC-16/99 de 1 de octubre de 1999 = The right to information on consular assistance in the framework of the guarantees of the due process of law : advisory opinion OC-16/99 of October 1, 1999
The founder of the Equal Justice Initiative in Montgomery, Alabama recounts his experiences as a lawyer working to assist those desperately in need, reflecting on his pursuit of the ideal of compassion in American justice.
Enlightenment, rights, revolution : a collection of Finnish papers edited for the 14th World Congress of the IVR 17-23.8.1989, Edinburgh
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
European inter-state co-operation in criminal matters : the council of Europe's legal instruments. 2
Hard bargaining. out of court settlement in personal injury actions
Mutual assistance in criminal and business regulatory matters
Maximizing the effectiveness of the technical assistance provided in the fields of crime prevention and criminal justice : proceedings of the workshop held by the Programme Network of Institutes during the 15th session of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice : Viena, Austria, April 24, 2006
Access to justice as a human right
Critical perspectives on user involvement
The mutual impact of European Union's competition law and environmental law in the field of state aid
New developments in European state aid law 2004 : proceedings of the 2nd Experts' forum held in Brussels on 29 April 2004.
Collection of papers of Sino-Finnish Seminar on Access to Justice
Improving the legal process : effects of alternatives
Trade, aid, and arbitrate
Human rights in domestic law and development assistance policies of the Nordic countries : proceedings of the 4th Nordic Seminar on Human Rights, Copenhagen, November 1987
The dark sides of virtue : reassessing international humanitarianism
European judicial systems 2002 : facts and figures on the basis of a survey conducted in 40 Council of Europe member states
The handbook of the criminal justice process
Legal aid : the new framework : a guide to the Legal Aid Act 1988
Extradition : European standards
Legal aid and legal services in Finland
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 4 : Types of relief available (judicial remedies)
