http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9209 compound words
compound words
New impulses in word-formation
his book provides a study of the diachronic development of compounds with a verbal first constituent in Ancient Greek. Based on an unprecedentedly comprehensive corpus of such compounds, it offers detailed treatments of their origins, structure and place within the Greek compound system, as well as in-depth and up-to-date introductions to Greek compounds and to linguistic research on compounding.
A dictionary of American proverbs and proverbial phrases 1820-1880
The encyclopedia americana. 14, Heart to India
The encyclopedia americana. 16, Jefferson, Charles E. to Latin
The encyclopedia americana. 22, Photography to pumpkin
Talk less and say more : Vermont proverbs
The Wordsworth dictionary of the American west
The Joy of Signing
The encyclopedia americana. 27, Trance to venial sin
Compound words in Spanish : theory and history
The encyclopedia americana. 28, Venice to Wilmot, John
The Oxford handbook of compounding
A study on compound substantives in English : inaugural dissertation
A study of Swedish compounds
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
The encyclopedia americana. 23, Pumps to Russellville
The representation and processing of compound words
An analysis of English common plant names
Environmental terminology in collocations
The Americana annual. 1977, An encyclopedia of the events of 1976.
The encyclopedia americana. 3, B to Birling
Barron's dictionary of American sign language
The compound epithet and its use in American poetry from Bradstreet through Whitman
Worldmark encyclopedia of the States : a practical guide to the geographic, demographic, historical, political, economic, and social development of the United States
Human liberty and freedom of speech. C. Edwin Baker
Yearbook of morphology 1998
The encyclopedia americana. 26, Sumatra to trampoline
The encyclopedia americana. 15, Indian to Jeffers
Creative compounding in English : the semantics of metaphorical and metonymical noun-noun combinations
The encyclopedia americana. 13, Goethe to Hearst
Finnish summary.
The encyclopedia americana. 30, Index
The encyclopedia americana. 8, Corot to Desdemona
The semantics of compounding
A semantic analysis of noun compounds in Raymond Chandler's "The big sleep" and "Trouble is my business"
Yearbook of morphology 1995
Dictionary of American politics
The encyclopedia americana. 18, M to Mexico City
Food in Signs
"In the history of generative grammar, the question of the semantics of compounds was caught up in what Newmeyer (1986) called the "Linguistic Wars", the conflict between generative semantics and interpretive semantics. An important difference between the two sides was the place they attributed to semantics in the architecture of grammar. In generative semantics, the semantic representation was the starting point for syntactic processing. The syntactic level of Deep Structure had been merged with the underlying semantic representation. In interpretive semantics, the semantic representation was derived from a syntactic representation by means of interpretation rules"--
Hyphenated premodifying compound adjectives in advertising
Grammar and experimental evidence in Finnish compounds
Automatic morphology of Estonian. 2, Research report
The encyclopedia americana. 20, Naval reserve to Orleans
The Encyclopedia Americana
American proverbs : a study of texts and contexts
The encyclopedia americana. 29, Wilmot Proviso to zygote
Semantic patterns of noun-noun compounds
The Signed English Dictionary
The encyclopedia americana. 12, Franco to Goethals
Modern proverbs and proverbial sayings
A Dictionary of American Sign Language on Linguistic Principles
Yearbook of morphology 1997
$30 writing school
The encyclopedia americana. 7, Civilization to coronium
Word-formation : an international handbook of the languages of Europe. Volume 5
Noun-noun combinations in English and their rendering into Finnish
Cross-disciplinary issues in compounding
Community in Signs
The American heritage dictionary of the English language
Compounding in Finnish : Language users' intuition in boundary assignment
Ancient Greek verb-initial compounds : their diachronic development within the Greek compound system
A dictionary of American proverbs
Handbook of free speech and free press
The Americana annual. 1978, An encyclopedia of the events of 1977.
The encyclopedia americana. 19, Meyer to naval rank
The orthography of compound nouns : a corpus study of compound nous in Time International
Free speech in its forgotten years
Includes words and phrases from all of United States history and from such current subcultures as technology and the Internet, the media, recent immigrants, and fashion.
Co-compounds and natural coordination
The encyclopedia americana. 25, Skin to sumac
Encyclopedia of American history
The encyclopedia americana. 6, Cathedrals to civil war
Home in Signs
"The question of how to determine the meaning of compounds was prominent in early generative morphology, but lost importance after the late 1970s. In the past decade, it has been revived by the emergence of a number of frameworks that are better suited to studying this question than earlier ones. In this book, three frameworks for studying the semantics of compounding are presented by their initiators: Jackendoff's Parallel Architecture, Lieber's theory of lexical semantics, and Štekauer's onomasiological theory. Common to these presentations is a focus on English noun-noun compounds. In the following chapters, these theories are then applied to different types of compounding (phrasal, A+N, neoclassical) and other languages (French, German, Swedish, Greek). Finally, a comparison highlights how each framework offers particular insight into the meaning of compounds. An exciting new contribution to the field, this book will be of interest to morphologists, semanticists and cognitive linguists"--
Ordered chaos : the interpretation of English noun-noun compounds
The encyclopedia americana. 24, Russia to skimmer
Compound words in William Congreve's plays
Complex words in English
The encyclopedia americana. 10, Egypt to falsetto
"Where your treasure is, there is your heart" : a corpus- based study of THERE compounds and THERE/WHERE subordinators in the history of English
Compound stress in English : the phonetics and phonology of prosodic prominence
The encyclopedia americana. 11, Falstaff to Francke
Compound adjectives in W. Somerset Maugham's production : a comparative study
The encyclopedia americana. 21, Orley to photographic telescope
Chain compounds in American women's magazines
The processing of compound words in cross-language information retrieval from Finnish to English
The new American Webster handy college dictionary : includes abbreviations, geographical names, foreign words and phrases, forms of address
A dictionary of contemporary American usage
An automatic analysis of Norwegian compounds
Compounds in contact : a study in compound words with special reference to the Old Slavonic translation of Flavius Josephus' Peri ton 'Iondaikon polemok
The encyclopedia americana. 5, Burma to Cathay
The encyclopedia americana. 17, Latin America to Lytton
The encyclopedia americana. 2, Ankara to Azusa
The encyclopedia americana. 4, Birmingham to Burlington
Are they words or are they phrases? : chain compounds in magazines of special interest
"The third edition of this classic and indispensable work, first published in 1940 and last revised in 1976, has been updated completely for a new generation of students and scholars. Recognizing that the ways in which history is understood and interpreted have changed drastically over the past six decades, the editors have revised 448 articles, replaced 1,360 articles, and added 841 new entries. Gender, race, and social-history perspectives have been added to many entries for the first time. In another departure from the earlier editions, the editors have added maps and illustrations throughout the text, providing helpful visual cues to readers. No library should be without these new volumes."--"The Best of the Best Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2003.
Semantic spaces of Persian light verbs
Dictionary of American slang
Deaf american poetry : an anthology
The encyclopedia americana. 9, Desert to egret
Dictionary of American history
Encyclopedia Americana 1-30 : international edition
LET`S TALK FRISBEE : THE LANGUAGE AND CULTURE OF FLYING DISC WITH A LEXICON OF FLYING DISC VOCABULARY
The compoundness of compounds : preliminaries to a study of Slavonic compound words
