http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p920 battles
battles
Gardens of the moon
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Star wars, the force awakens (Collector's edition 3D + blu-ray)
Summoner wars : master set
The king's peace
"The rapacious Conglomeration has taken their war with the more benevolent Accordance to our solar system. Having won a decisive battle on the moon, the human Colonial Protective Forces and PAC fleet try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed as CPF is once again on a front line that keeps moving. Outgunned but not beat, Devlin, Ken and Amira desperately search for a solution to a crumbling campaign to holt the Conglomeration while exploiting the PAC's need for soldiers to raise humanity's stature within the PAC. This is book two in The Icarus Corps"--
The free
The pigeon spy
Xenoshyft : Onslaught. A strategic base defence deck builder
Dark Souls III : Xbox One
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 30] : Vigilance
The plague forge
Nikolai Dante : The great game
A birthright of blood
Pokémon : Black and white. Vol. 19
The Grace of Kings, the first book in this epic series, tells the story of two men who become friends through rebelling against tyranny and then turn against each other in defense of irreconcilable ideals. Wily, charming Kuni Garu, a bandit, and stern, fearless Mata Zyndu, the son of a deposed duke, seem like polar opposites. Yet, in the uprising against the emperor, the two quickly become the best of friends after a series of adventures fighting against vast conscripted armies, silk-draped airships, soaring battle kites, underwater boats, magical books, shapeshifting gods, and scaled whales who seem to prophesy the future. Once the emperor has been overthrown, however, the two find themselves the leaders of two sides with very different ideas about how the world should be run and the meaning of justice
Scott Pilgrim's finest hour
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
365 samurai and a few bowls of rice
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
Jihad : the Ottomans and the allies 1914-1922
The prize in the game
Bonehunters : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
The king's name
Waterloo 1815 : the British army's day of destiny
Red sorghum
Final hour
Runebound
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. 5 / translated and adapted by David Ury
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 1
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Monster : the autobiography of an L.A. gang member
Dark Souls III : PS4
Adaptation to world trends : a rereading of the May Fourth Movement radicalization
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 27 : the answer : Meiji swordsman romantic story
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
Scott Pilgrim vs. the universe
Scarred
The lives of Tao
The Belgariad. 3, Magician's gambit
Pokémon : Black and white. Vol. 20
Black powder war
Send me safely back again
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 23 : sin, judgment, acceptance : Meiji swordsman romantic story
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
Ninefox gambit
Heir of fire
Warhammer 40,000 : Conquest. The card game
Battlelore. Second edition
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. [2] / translated and adapted by Jason DeAngelis
Talisman : the magical quest game
Runewars
The orphan queen
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 22 : battle on three fronts : Meiji swordsman romantic story
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 25 : the truth : Meiji swordsman romantic story
The Darwin elevator
Into the guns
H.M.S. London
House of chains
City of fae
Forming. Vol II
Scott Pilgrim gets it together
Dust of dreams
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Naruto shippuden : deck-building game
A game of thrones
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
Red platoon : a true story of American valor
Saviour of Rome
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
"In 2009, Clinton Romesha of Red Platoon and the rest of Black Knight Troop were preparing to shut down Command Outpost (COP) Keating, the most remote and inaccessible in a string of bases built by the United States military in Nuristan and Kunar in the hope of preventing Taliban insurgents from moving freely back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Three years after its construction, the army was finally ready to concede what the men on the ground had known immediately: it was simply too isolated and too dangerous to defend. On October 3, 2009, after years of constant smaller attacks, the Taliban finally decided to throw everything they had at Keating. The ensuing fourteen-hour battle -- and eventual victory -- cost eight Americans their lives. Red Platoon is a firsthand account of the Battle for COP Keating, told by Romesha, who spearheaded both the defense of the outpost and the counterattack that drove the Taliban back beyond the wire and received the Medal of Honor for his actions." --Publisher description.
A legacy of light
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 20 : remembrance : Meiji swordsman romantic story
The entropy of bones : a novel
The queen's man
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Arminius : the limits of empire
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 28 : toward a new era : Meiji swordsman romantic story
Legendary encounters : a Predator deck building game
The Godborn
Throne of jade
Alexander the Great : lessons in strategy
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 2
Warspite
Code Geass : Tales of the alternate Shogunate
The Reaver
Reaper's gale
In ashes lie
Pokémon adventures : Black 2 & white 2, Volume one
In the Runewars board game, two to four players each control a powerful fantasy empire and compete to dominate the land. Alas, conquering Terrinoth is no simple task. Each empire must recruit armies, enlist the help of brave heroes to quest for powerful artifacts, and negotiate with the land's other inhabitants, placing each race's diplomatic skill and political prowess to the test. By mastering the arts of conquest, questing, and empire management, one race will claim enough of the sacred dragon runes to unite all of Terrinoth under its banner.
Two years have passed since Team Plasma was defeated and Trainer Black was sucked into the Light Stone along with Legendary Pokemon Reshiram...Now Team Plasma is back to their wicked ways, controlling other people's Pokemon and even wild Pokemon with technology. Luckily, a new hero, a young inspector for the International Police, and Officer Looker are on their trail...Colress, the new leader of Team Plasma, is attacking the Unova Region. His machines control Pokemon, wielding their powers for evil instead of good. Fortunately, a way to jam the signals is stored on a memory card. But who has the card? A girl at the Pokemon Trainers' School. Maybe that's why our hero is such a flirt; he's just doing his job gathering intel. But he'd better stop playing the field and find that card fast before someone beats him to it!
The harrowing
The Belgariad. 1, Pawn of prophecy
Scythe
Toll the hounds
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
All involved : a novel
Assassin's creed. [Volume 1], Trial by fire
Clean sweep
Half the world
Warhammer quest : the adventure card game
Set in the same world as Half a King, Half a World follows a new protagonist, Thorn, a fifteen-year-old girl in training for the king's army. But even as she's learning the ways of war, she's also growing up...and falling in love for the first time
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Star wars : Imperial assault
Scott Pilgrim's precious little life
Altar of blood
Halo graphic novel
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
In the thirty years since Elizabeth I ascended her throne, fae and mortal politics have become inextricably entwined, in secret alliances and ruthless betrayals whose existence is suspected only by a few. Two courtiers, both struggling for royal favor, are about to uncover the secrets that lie behind these two thrones. And a faerie lady's courage and loyalty are about to be tested.
Ninja slayer : Last girl standing (NI). Volume 3
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 26 : a man's back : Meiji swordsman romantic story
The mammoth book of battles
The last hope
Cloak of war
Rat queens. Volume three, Demons
Star Wars : the force awakens
A dance with dragons
Deadhouse gates
Ninefox Gambit
The Goon in For want of whiskey and blood
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. [1] / translated and adapted by Jason DeAngelis
The key
Lone survivor : the eyewitness account of Operation Redwing and the lost heroes of SEAL Team 10
Beowulf and Grendel
The edge of worlds
On May Day, 2018, sixty meteors entered Earth’s atmosphere and exploded around the globe with a force greater than a nuclear blast. Earthquakes and tsunamis followed. Then China attacked Europe, Asia, and the United States in the belief the disaster was an act of war. Washington D.C. was a casualty of the meteor onslaught that decimated the nation’s leadership and left the surviving elements of the armed forces to try and restore order as American society fell apart. As refugees across America band together and engage in open warfare with the military over scarce resources, a select group of individuals representing the surviving corporate structure make a power play to rebuild the country in a free market image as The New Confederacy.
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 1
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
Night eternal : the game
Dragons of summer flame
Atlas of military strategy 1618-1978
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
The blood of Olympus
Bay of sighs
Mage wars : the customizable strategy game of dueling mages
The flame bearer
The deaths of Tao
A memory of fire
Carcassonne : Star Wars edition
Whisper the dead
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
Star wars : the force awakens
The exodus towers
Tash-Kalar : arena of legends
The mirror king
Jane got a gun
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 29] : Beyond Good and Evil
The wall of storms
Buffalo trail : a novel of the American west
Throne of glass
Autumn 1944. World War II is nearly over in Europe but is escalating in the Pacific, where American soldiers face an opponent who will go to any length to avoid defeat. The Japanese army follows the samurai code of Bushido, stipulating that surrender is a form of dishonor. Killing the Rising Sun takes readers to the bloody tropical-island battlefields of Peleliu and Iwo Jima and to the embattled Philippines, where General Douglas MacArthur has made a triumphant return and is plotting a full-scale invasion of Japan. Across the globe in Los Alamos, New Mexico, Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer and his team of scientists are preparing to test the deadliest weapon known to mankind. In Washington, DC, FDR dies in office and Harry Truman ascends to the presidency, only to face the most important political decision in history: whether to use that weapon. And in Tokyo, Emperor Hirohito, who is considered a deity by his subjects, refuses to surrender, despite a massive and mounting death toll.
The battles of Bridget Lee : invasion of Farfall
The unwilling warlord
Star realms : deckbuilding game
A need so beautiful
Once upon a time in hell
Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny. 3
Killing the rising sun : how America vanquished World War II Japan
Titan's fall
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Night of the hunter
Fables : Werewolves of the heartland
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 28] : Raining chaos
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 21 : and so, time passed : Meiji swordsman romantic story
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 19 : shades of reality : Meiji swordsman romantic story
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 6 : no worries : Meiji swordsman romantic story
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
One man's greatest victory. Rome's greatest defeat. A.D. 9: In the depths of the Teutoburg Wald, in a landscape riven by ravines, darkened by ancient oak and bisected by fast-flowing streams, Arminius of the Cherusci led a confederation of six Germanic tribes in the annihilation of three Roman legions. Deep in the forest almost twenty thousand men were massacred without mercy; fewer than two hundred of them ever made it back across the Rhine. To Rome's shame, three sacred Eagles were lost that day. But Arminius wasn't brought up in Germania Magna - he had been raised as a Roman. This is the story of how Arminius came to turn his back on the people who raised him and went on to commit a betrayal so great and so deep, it echoed through the ages.
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
The dark forest
His Majesty's dragon
Empire of ivory
The red : first light
Sweep in peace
Death's end
Warriors of the storm
Kaleva of Finnish forests : duel of the mythical legends : strategic game from the far North
The Windwitch Prince Merik is presumed dead, following a lethal explosion. He's left scarred but alive and determined to expose his sister's treachery. Yet on reaching the royal capital, he's shocked to find it crowded with refugees fleeing conflict. Merik haunts the streets, fighting for the weak. This leads to whispers of a disfigured demigod, the Fury, who brings justice to the oppressed. Hunted by the Cleaved, Iseult is struggling to stay free while she searches for her friend Safi. When the Bloodwitch Aeduan corners Iseult first, she offers him a deal: she'll return what was stolen from him, if he locates the Truthwitch. Yet unknown to Iseult, there's a bounty on her head - and Aeduan intends to claim it. After a surprise attack and shipwreck, Safi and the Empress of Marstok barely escape with their lives. They find themselves amongst pirates, where a misstep could mean death. And the bandits' next move could unleash war upon the Witchlands.
Skullkickers. [Volume 6] : Infinite icons of the endless epic
A dangerous path
A plague of swords
"Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. Embracing her identity as Aelin Galathynius, Queen of Terrasen, Celaena returns to the empire--for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past"--
"In book two of the fast-paced Icarus Corps series, the team wages war on the Conglomeration--and this battle may be the final one.  The rapacious Confederation has taken their war to our solar system.  Now that the human and PAC forces won a decisive battle on the moon, they need to try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed and The Icarus Corps is once again on the front line.  Book two in The Icarus Corps, Titan's Fall continues Devin's adventures as he wards off a fierce race of alien conquerors"--
The silent army
BattleCON : Fate of Indines
The iron knight
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
Taste of darkness
A dark and powerful goddess hunts for three jewels: fallen stars that will give her endless power. To save the world, six friends have joined forces to stop her.
The third novel in the series sees new challenges for the men of the 106th Foot, as the British army attempts to recover from the disaster of Corunna and establish a foothold in the Peninsula. Featuring the battles of Medellin and Talavera, the 106th will have their mettle severely tested on the battlefield. But if Napoleon is to be ejected from Spain, war must also be waged in more covert ways. For Hanley, the former artist who is a more natural observer than fighter, the opportunity to become an 'exploring officer' leads him into even more dangerous territory, the murky world of politics and partisans. And while Ensign Williams seeks to uncover the identity of the mysterious 'Heroine of Saragossa', a conspiracy of revenge within the regiment itself threatens to destroy him before he's even faced a shot from the French.
World of tanks : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
You and your teammates will have to work together to survive the continuous onslaught of powerful alien threats and horrors. The goal of the mission is not to wipe out these threats, it is merely to outlast them! Survive through nine rounds of combat with these horrors and the base will have succeeded in its mission, and you and your allies will have survived to fight another day!
Queen of shadows
In Runebound, you take on the role of a questing hero, ready to forge your own destiny. In each game you'll search ancient ruins, fight vicious battles, and learn powerful new skills. Dangerous forces threaten Terrinoth, and only the greatest hero can defeat them and restore peace. Will you become a living legend?
The rebirths of Tao
Never love a highlander
The silmarillion
Midnight never come
City of heavenly fire
Touch the dark
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
Great military battles
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
The darkest edge of dawn
Combat at the castle
Memories of ice
Star wars 3D : the force awakens
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 24 : the end of dreams : Meiji swordsman romantic story
The Age of Ruin is near complete: in the far North the Nameless stirs beneath the Spine mountains and demonspawn push ever southwards; from the West the Fade have returned, vowed to purge humankind from the land; and an ancient weapon, forged in the Godswar, has once again been unleashed to ravage the land. Weakened by in-fighting, the surviving Magelords are unable - or unwilling - to use their magic to defend humanity. The last spark of hope rests with the surviving members of the Grim Company: Davarus Cole, Brodar Kane and Eremul the Halfmage.
Garion the farm boy did not believe in magic dooms, but then he did not know that soon he would be on a quest of unparalleled magic and danger when the dread evil God Torak was reawakened.
Eagles at war
Musa The Warrior
Gears of war. [1]
Battlefields then & now
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 31] : Final Curtain
Mobile suit Gundam Seed. 3 / translated and adapted by David Ury
Irons in the fire
Scott Pilgrim and the infinite sadness
Worms battlegrounds : PS4
Windwitch : the Witchland series : book two
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
Mind warp
The sword and the scimitar
Lego Star Wars : the force awakens : Wii U
One fell sweep
Starfire
London, 1666. In the house of a sleeping baker, a spark leaps free of the oven -- and ignites a blaze that will burn London to the ground. While the humans struggle to halt the conflagration that is devouring the city street by street, the fae pit themselves against a less tangible foe: the spirit of the fire itself, powerful enough to annihilate everything in its path. Mortal and fae will have to lay aside the differences that divide them, and fight together for the survival of London itself.
The sentinel
Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny. 2
Royal assassin Celaena must travel to a new land to confront a truth about her heritage, while brutal and monstrous forces are gathering on the horizon, intent on enslaving her world.
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
In Talisman, you'll embark on a perilous quest for the ultimate treasure, the legendary Crown of command. You'll choose the warrior, priest, wizard, or one of eleven other heroes with powers both magical and mighty. But the path to the crown is treacherous. Legends say that only a fabled Talisman can safeguard you in the lands past the Portal of power. Yet, finding such an artifact is no small feat: monsters, traps, and evil magic wait to defeat you at every turn.
The ashes from the first Great war still darken the snow in 1920s Europa. The capitalistic city-state known simply as "The factory", which fueled the war with heavily armored mechs, has closed its doors, drawing the attention of several nearby countries. With characters from five factions converging onto a small but highly desired swath of land, who will gain fame and fortune by establishing their empire as the leader of Eastern Europa.
