http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9219 amines
amines
Changes in climate will impose abiotic stress on plant species, and eventually affect their distributional range. This is a particular challenge especially to tree species with long generation times and slow rates of evolution. In the boreal zone, most of these species also hold high economic value. The aim of the study was to enhance understanding of the abiotic stress coping strategies of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in its vulnerable early growth phase. In particular, the study evaluates the role of polyamine (PA) metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress. Polyamines (PAs) are small, ubiquitous nitrogenous compounds involved in fundamental biological processes of plants such as growth, organogenesis, embryogenesis and abiotic and biotic stress defence.The effects of different water availabilities and spring frost temperatures on shoots and roots of young seedlings were investigated in two growth chamber experiments. Proembryogenic liquid cell culture system was established and used as a controllable platform. Effects of polyethylene glycol (PEG) induced osmotic stress was investigated at the cellular level in liquid cultures. Responses to treatments were evaluated by quantifying changes in the expression of PA metabolism, stress, cell death and cell division -related genes, metabolite concentrations, as well as stress-induced physiology and morphology.The results revealed that PA metabolism is tissue specific and strictly regulated. Drought stress induced the accumulation of putrescine (Put) in photosynthesizing tissues, whereas the prime response to spring frost was a reorganization of root growth. Generally, drought and osmotic stress decreased the expression of PA catabolizing genes, leading to consistent PA levels in tissues even under severe stress. To conclude, PAs have a protective role in maintaining the growth and development of pine tissues subje cted to abiotic stress.
Spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase in mouse hematopoiesis and bone remodeling and in human leukemias
Bis(guanylhydrazone) -induced changes in polyamine metabolism and mitochondrial function
Structure and function of charge deficient polyamines : the latest generation of isosteric charge deficient spermine analogues
Role of brain monoamines in ethanol consumption and acute intoxication of rats
Bis(guanylhydrazone) - induced changes in polyamine metabolism and mitochondrial function
The chromaffin cell : transmitter biosynthesis, storage, release, actions, and informatics
Abstrct.
Polyamine metabolism during development of somatic and zygotic embryos of Picea abies (Norway spruce)
Polyamine metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress
Sulfuric acid and amines in atmospheric clustering : first-principles investigations
New aspects of storage and release mechanisms of catecholamines
Diamine-induced inhibition of mammalian ornithine decarboxylase and of polyamine accumulation
Formation of biogenic amines in dry sausages : with special reference to raw materials, lactic acid bacteria, pH decrease, temperature and time
Intramolecular dipole reorientation of amino compounds and their interaction with solvent molecules
Synthesis of polyamines in rat tissues : characterization of the enzymes and regulatory mechanisms involved in the biosynthesis of spermidine and spermine in rat liver and brain
Determination of biogenic amines in food.
Summary in Estonian.
COST 917 = biogenically active amines in food. Vol. 6, Biologically active amines: metabolism and physiology and Biologically active amines in food processing and production of biologically active amines by bacteria
Polyamine homeostasis : cellular responses to perturbation of polyamine biosynthetic enzymes
Nitrogen metabolism of plants
The histaminergic neurotransmitter system : its development and role in neuronal plasticity in zebrafish, Danio rerio
Fundamentals of organic chemistry
COST Action 917 : biogenically active amines in food. Volume 5, Polyamines and tumour growth. Biologically active amines in food processing and amine produced by bacteria
Applications of automated DNA analysis : a study of genes of the polyamine biosynthetic pathway
Organic chemistry the easy way
N-alkylated polyamine analogues : deuterium labelling, LC-MS/MS analysis and catabolism by human polyamine oxidases
Activation of polyamine catabolism in transgenic mice
Consequences of activated polyamine catabolism : experimental studies in transgenic mice and a human case report
Phase equilibrium measurements and modeling for alkanolamine systems
Organic chemistry
The biochemistry of plants : a comprehensive treatise. 16, Intermediary nitrogen metabolism
Development of simple and efficient synthetic strategies for production of fine chemicals of pharmaceutical relevance : metal-mediated allylation combined with applied catalysis
COST [Action] 917 : biogenically active amines in food. Volume 4, First general workshop
S-adenosylmethionine metabolism and its relation to the regulation of polyamine biosynthesis in animal tissues
Metabolic consequences of polyamine deprivation produced by inhibitors of ornithine and adenosylmethionine decarboxylases in Ehrlich ascites carcinoma cells
Effect of different potassium sources on the seasonal variation of potassium and free polyamines in scots pine needles
Triethylamine exposure in foundries : blurred vision, headache and blood pressure among the workers
Hydrogen bonded phenols as models for redox-active tyrosines in enzymes
Present status of biogenic amines in foods in Nordic countries
Synthesis and degradation of polyamines in rat liver : with special reference to the control of the production of putrescine and spermidine
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Mitochondrial structure and ion transport : interactions of polyamines, propranolol and related substances with mitochondria
From improved management of acute pain to prevention of persistent postoperative pain
Monoaminergic mechanisms in mood-associated behaviours and neurochemistry in rats
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Regulation of hematopoietic cell development and hair growth in mouse model : expression analysis of Tudor-SN and polyamines regulated proteins
Development and use of tools to study metabolic consequences of altered polyamine catabolism
Core organic chemistry
Studies on oxidative coupling in H-phosphonate chemistry
Expression of the human ornithine decarboxylase gene in transgenic mice
Thrombomodulin and catecholamines as post-mortem indicators of hypothermia
Biogenic amines in Finnish dry sausages
Transgenic rats with activated polyamine catabolism : spermidine depletion inhibits hepatic cell proliferation and causes acute pancreatitis
Red wine and health
Optimization of HPLC analysis for biogenic amines
Use of calorimetry for process safety of amine oxides
Abstract. Tertiary amines are amines with three alkyl or aryl groups attached to a nitrogen atom. There are certain tertiary amines that form commercially useful products when let to react with hydrogen peroxide. These amines usually have 12 to 18 carbon atoms in the long carbon chain and two methyl groups attached to the nitrogen atom. The types of products that form from this kind of reaction are called amino oxides. They are amines that have formed an additional covalent bond with an oxygen atom. In this thesis amine oxides were produced in a reaction calorimetric vessel. After the reaction data was evaluated, it was possible to answer the following questions about heat released during the reaction, specific heat capacity and maximum temperature of the reaction. Then, the produced amine oxides were examined by using differential scanning calorimetry to determine the properties the amine oxide has in high temperatures. The special object of interest was to see how the amine reacts and to identify the presence of water and amine in the sample. Finally, the heat release was determined to be approximately 106kJ/mol. The maximum temperature that the reaction could reach was 111.25°C on average, and therefore the adiabatic temperature rise of the reaction would be about 86.25 degrees, when assumed that 25°C is the lowest temperature for the reaction. According to the risk severity assessments table, these reactions possess a medium level of severity. From the differential scanning calorimetry signal can be said that the evaporation of the water and decomposition of the amine occur during the heating from 25°C to 250°C.
Regulation of calcium channel expression in neonatal myocytes by catecholamines
Polyamines in biomedical research
Polyamines, heavy metals and Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni under in vitro : role of polyamines in combating heavy metal stress in Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni plants under in vitro condition
Stress responses in plants : adaptation and acclimation mechanisms
Biologically active amines : analytics, occurence and formation in dry sausages
The application of enzyme replacement therapy in vitro and in a mouse model in aspartylglycosaminuria
Gas phase reactions of amines and imines studied by mass spectrometry
Novel pathomechanisms of intrauterine growth restriction in fetal alcohol syndrome in a mouse model
Formation of biogenic amines during ripening of dry sausages as affected by starter culture and thawing time of raw materials
A matter of life and death - polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
Introduction to organic chemistry
Pineal melatonin and brain transmitter monoamines in CBA mice during chronic oral nicotine administration
Polyamines may regulate s-phase progression but not the dynamic changes of chromatin during the cell cycle
Summary.
Transgenic rats with activated polyamine catabolism : spermidine depletion inhibits hebatic cell proliferation and causes acute pancreatitis
Fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) is a pattern of anomalies in affected children due to maternal alcohol administration at vulnerable stages of fetal development. Intrauterine growth restriction and facial malformation are the presenting phenotypes of FAS.In this investigation, novel pathomechanisms of intrauterine growth restriction and facial malformation were the primary aims.We found by a FAS mouse model that AceCS1 gene expression and polyamines are the immediate targets of fetal alcohol exposure. The AceCS1 product is a precursor for lipid synthesis and protein acetylation and possibly, for polycation acetylation. We cloned the Mus musculus nuclear-cytosolic AceCS1 gene, and showed that its expression is developmentally regulated with a dynamic localization in the cytosolic and nuclear compartment. The enzyme plays an essential role in de novo synthesis of acetyl Coenzyme A.Fetal alcohol administration targets nutrient supplying networks, which are localized at critical barriers. The main findings were reduced surface of the labyrinthine zone, destruction of gap junctions in the hemotrichorial placenta, reduced syncytiotrophoblastic cell layers and loosening of interaction between cell layers and embryo endothelial cells, reduced Reichert's membrane thickness with discontinued Reichert's trophoblast and loss of interaction by Reichert's-parietal cells, reduction of capillary network and reduced vascularization in the brain area, and perturbed neural crest migration and formation of neural tube defect. Alteration of angiogenesis -regulating proteins such as VEGF, PlGF, PECAM was detected in FAS, with no significant changes in placental angiogenesis of the labyrinthine zone, but up-regulation of VEGF/PlGF caused permeability changes in the placenta and yolk sac. On the other hand, the PECAM pool in embryos' brain was reduced, which in turn led to decreased angiogenesisand vascularization.
Structure-based evaluation of the resonance interactions and effectiveness of the charge transfer in nitroamines
Isocyanates and amines : sampling and analytical procedures
A matter of life and death : polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
Lipase and ω-transaminase catalysis in preparation of alcohol and amine enantiomers
S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase : primary structures of the human and rat enzymes, characterization of the rat gene and two processed pseudogenes, and expression of the rat gene in transgenic mice
Regulation of bisphosphonate bone binding
Occurrence and function of biogenic amines (5-hydroxytryptamine, dopamine, noradrenaline, adrenaline and octopamine) in invertebrates : bibliography = Vorkommen und Funktion biogener Amine (5-hydroxytryptamin, Dopamin, Noradrenalin, Adrenalin und Octopamin) bei wirbellosen Tieren : Bibliographie
Advances in polyamine research. Vol. 4
The functions and regulation of ornithine decarboxylase
Regulatory aspects of polyamine metabolism in mouse brain
Antizyme inhibitor 2 : a novel regulator of cellular polyamine homeostasis
Polyamines in experimental taurodeoxycholate-induced and clinical acute pancreatitis
Studies on chemoenzymatic synthesis : lipase-catalyzed acylation in multistep organic synthesis
