http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9215 war crimes
war crimes
Truth and reconciliation in South Korea : between the present and future of the Korean Wars
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
Tripwire
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
The Politics of Reparations and Apologies examines the evolution and dynamics of reparation politics and justice. The volume introduces the key concepts, theories, and terms associated with social movements and in particular, the redress and reparation movement (RRM). Drawing from RRMs that have their foundation in World War II--the German genocides, the United States internments, and the Japanese "comfort women" system-- the volume explores each case study's relative success or failure in achieving its goals and argues that there are overarching trends that can explain success and failure more generally in the RRM movement. Using the backdrop of international criminal law and normative concepts of reparations, the volume establishes and analyzes the roles of reparations and apologies in obtaining transitional justice. In each case study, there is a detailed rundown of the political actions that were attempted to obtain redress and reparation for the victims, of how successful the attempts were, and of the crucial factors which influenced the relative success or failure. Crucially, the volume offers a comparative framework of the actions that contribute to a successful outcome for transitional justice. With the increasing normative expectation of justice in post-conflict situations, this volume is a valuable resource for researchers in international affairs, human rights, political science, and conflict studies. -- Publisher's description.
Hunting evil : how the Nazi war criminals escaped and the hunt to bring them to justice
Witness to Jasenovac's hell
Based on extensive archival research, this book offers the first historical examination of the arrest, trial, and punishment of the leaders of the SS-Einsatzgruppen - the mobile security and killing units employed by the Nazis in their racial war on the eastern front. Sent to the Soviet Union in the summer of 1941, four units of Einsatzgruppen along with reinforcements, murdered approximately one million Soviet civilians in open air shootings and in gas vans and, in 1947, twenty-four leaders of these units were indicted for crimes against humanity and war crimes for their part in the murders. In addition to a describing the legal proceedings, this book also examines recent historiographical trends and perpetrator paradigms and expounds on such contested issues as the timing and genesis of the Final Solution, the perpetrators' route to crime and their motivation for killing, as well as discussing the tensions between law and history.
Allen Dulles, the OSS, and Nazi war criminals : the dynamics of selective prosecution
Unjust honors causa : chronicle a most peculiar academic dishonor
Nazi conspiracy and aggression
Nazi looting : the plunder of Dutch Jewry during the Second World War
War of extermination : the German military in world war II, 1941-1944
Sex and international tribunals : the erasure of gender from the war narrative
Law and responsibility in warfare : the Vietnam experience
Crimes against POWs : responsibility of the Wehrmacht
The Nuremberg fallacy : wars and war crimes since World War II
The Tokyo judgment : the international military tribunal for the Far East (I.M.T.F.E.) 29 April 1946 - 12 November 1948
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 2, Documents and cases
The code of international armed conflict. 2
Politics and the past : on repairing historical injustices
Frontiers of criminality
Women and international law: rape and sexual abuse as crimes against humanity and war crimes
Srebrenica : record of a war crime
This is the gripping story of the American army chaplain sent to save the souls of the Nazis incarcerated at Nuremberg. Lutheran minister Henry Gerecke was fifty years old when he enlisted as an army chaplain during World War II. As two of his three sons faced danger and death on the battlefield, he tended to the battered bodies and souls of wounded and dying GIs outside London. But at the close of the European theater, with Hitler defeated and scores of American troops returning home to resume their lives, he received his most challenging assignment: he was sent to Nuremberg to minister to the twenty-one imprisoned Nazi leaders awaiting trial for crimes against humanity. This work unearths groundbreaking new research and compelling firsthand accounts to take us deep inside the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, into the very cells of the accused and the courtroom where they answered to the world for their crimes. Never before in modern history had man accomplished mass slaughter with such precision. These twenty-one Nazis had sat at the right hand of Adolf Hitler; Hermann Goering, Albert Speer, Wilhelm Keitel, Hans Frank, and Ernst Kaltenbrunner were the orchestrators, and in some cases the direct perpetrators, of the most methodical genocide in history. As the drama leading to the court's final judgments unfolds, the author brings Henry Gerecke's impossible moral quandary to life: How, having risked his own life (and those of his sons) to eliminate the Nazi threat, could he now win the confidence of these men? In the months after the war ended, Gerecke had visited Dachau. He had touched the walls of the camp's crematorium. He had seen the consequences of the choices these men had made, the orders they had given and carried out. As he worked to form compassionate relationships with them, how could he preach the gospel of mercy, knowing full well the devastating nature of the atrocities they had committed? And as the day came nearer when he had to escort these men to the gallows, what comfort could he offer and what promises of salvation could he make "to evil itself" Detailed, harrowing, and emotionally charged, this is an incisive history of the Nuremberg trials as well as a nuanced reflection on the nature of morality and sin, the price of empathy, and the limits of forgiveness.
Brown book : war and nazi criminals in West Germany : state, economy, administration, army, justice, science
Prosecuting Nazi war criminals
This book examines the circumstances surrounding SS-Obergruppenfuhrer Karl Wolff's escape from prosecution for war crimes in 1945. Wolff avoided prosecution because of his role in 'Operation Sunrise', negotiations conducted by high-ranking American, Swiss and British officials - in violation of the Casablanca agreements with the Soviet Union - for the surrender of German forces in Italy that enabled the Anglo-American forces to take Trieste. After 1945, Allied officials, amongst them Allen Dulles, in a move that later helped him ascend to the head of the CIA, shielded Wolff from prosecution to maintain secrecy about the negotiations. 'Operation Sunrise' thus relates to the early origins of the Cold War in Europe and had wide-ranging implications, even in the field of justice: new evidence suggests that the Western Allies not only failed to ensure cooperation between their respective national war crimes prosecution organizations, but in certain cases even obstructed justice by withholding evidence from the prosecution.
Superior orders in national and international law
For decades after 1945, it was generally believed that the German army, professional and morally decent, had largely stood apart from the SS, Gestapo, and other corps of the Nazi machine. Ben Shepherd draws on a wealth of primary sources and recent scholarship to convey a much darker, more complex picture. For the first time, the German army is examined throughout the Second World War, across all combat theaters and occupied regions, and from multiple perspectives: its battle performance, social composition, relationship with the Nazi state, and involvement in war crimes and military occupation. This was a true people's army, drawn from across German society and reflecting that society as it existed under the Nazis. Without the army and its conquests abroad, Shepherd explains, the Nazi regime could not have perpetrated its crimes against Jews, prisoners of war, and civilians in occupied countries. The author examines how the army was complicit in these crimes and why some soldiers, units, and higher commands were more complicit than others. Shepherd also reveals the reasons for the army's early battlefield successes and its mounting defeats up to 1945, the latter due not only to Allied superiority and Hitler's mismanagement as commander-in-chief, but also to the failings--moral, political, economic, strategic, and operational--of the army's own leadership.
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 17, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2003-2004
International criminal law. Vol. 1, Crimes
The politics of reparations and apologies
Soviet war crimes against Finland : a study on international law : the Soviet Union and her war crimes against Finland 1917-1991
Global justice : the politics of war crimes trials
War and law since 1945
National socialist extermination policies : contemporary German perspectives and controversies
Complementarity in the line of fire : the catalysing effect of the international criminal court in Uganda and Sudan
16mm of innocence
Article 38 : children in armed conflicts
A passing fury : searching for justice at the end of World War II
Obeying orders : atrocity, military discipline & the law of war
The spring of Kasper Meier
New approaches in international criminal justice : Kosovo, East Timor, Sierra Leone & Cambodia
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
The concept of war crimes in international law
Victors' justice : the Tokyo War Crimes Trial
The official line is clear: the UK does not 'participate in, solicit, encourage or condone' torture. And yet, the evidence is irrefutable: when it comes to dealing with potential threats to our national security, the gloves always come off.
Crimes of war : what the public should know
Soviet evidence in North American courts : an analysis of problems and concerns with reliance on communist source evidence in alleged war criminal trials
Kurt Waldheim : a case to answer?
Rwanda's Gacaca courts : between retribution and reparation
The ethics of researching war : looking for Bosnia
Jasenovac and the holocaust in Yugoslavia : analyses and survivor testimonies
Enforcing international humanitarian norms - will the criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia stand a chance of succeeding?
Journalism
From Yugoslavia to the western Balkans : studies of a European disunion, 1991-2011
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
International criminal practice : the International criminal Tribunal for the former Yogoslavia, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the International Criminal Court, the Special Court for Sierra Leone, the East Timor Special Panel for Serious Crimes, war crimes prosecution in Kosovo
Mass rape : the war against women in Bosnia-Herzegovina
War crimes, war criminels, and war crimes trials : an annotated bibliography and source book
Madame Prosecutor : confrontations with humanity's worst criminals and the culture of impunity : a memoir
International law : being the collected papers of Hersch Lauterpacht. Volume 5 : Disputes, war and neutrality, parts IX-XIV
War crimes in Bosnia-Hercegovina : a Helsinki Watch report. [Vol. 1]
Moscow's road to Nuremberg : the Soviet background to the trial
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 32, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda November - December 2008
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 18, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2004
Japanese apologies for World War II : a rhetorical study
The trial : a history from Socrates to O.J. Simpson
Victim organisations and the politics of reparation : a case study on Rwanda
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 27, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005
The murderers among us : the Simon Wiesenthal memoirs
"Law and the Politics of Memory: Confronting the Past examines law's role as a tool of memory politics in the efforts of contemporary societies to work through the traumas of their past. The book examines how and why law has become so central in processes in which the past is constituted as a series of injustices that need to be rectified and can allegedly be repaired. Using the examples of French colonialism and Vichy, as well as addressing the politics of memory surrounding the Holocaust, communism and colonialism, this book provides a critical exploration of law's role in 'belated' transitional justice contexts. As such, it explores different legal modalities in processes of working through the past; addressing the implications of regulating history and memory through legal categories and legislative acts, whilst exploring how trials, restitution cases, and memory laws manage to fulfil such varied expectations as clarifying truth, rendering homage to memory and reconciling societies.Legal scholars, historians and political scientists, especially those working with transitional justice, history and memory politics in particular, will find this book a stimulating exploration of the specificity of law as an instrument and forum of the politics of memory".
Three books on the law of war and on the duties connected with war and on military discipline
Spotlight on : human rights in Serbia and Montenegro
The Yamashita precedent : war crimes and command responsibility
Genocide and rescue in Wołyń : recollections of the Ukrainian nationalist ethnic cleansing campaign against the Poles during World War II
The hidden histories of war crimes trials
Crimes against civilians committed by the Serbo-Montenegrin aggressors in Croatia
Mission at Nuremberg : an American army chaplain and the trial of the Nazis
Judgment before Nuremberg : the Holocaust in the Ukraine and the first Nazi war crimes trial
The United States, Germany and the problem of convicted war criminals, 1946-1955
Crimes against humanity in international criminal law
Ujedinjeni narodi na srebreničkom stubu srama : 104 svjedočenja o ulozi UN-a u genocidu nad stanovništvom "Zaštićene zone Srebrenice" = The United Nations on the Srebrenica's pillar of shame : 104 testimonies about the role of the UN in genocide against the population of the UN "Srebrenica Safe Haven"
Memory and responsibility : the legacy of Jan Karski
The fight against impunity through universal jurisdiction and extradition : examples of Rwandan genocide trials
The trial of the Germans : an account of the twenty-two defendants before the International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg
NATO aggression on the FR Yugoslavia '99 : international symposium, Novi Sad, October, 15th-16th, 1999 : proceedings
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 14, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003
Imaginary trials : war crime trials and memory in former Yugoslavia
The international criminal tribunal for Rwanda. Vol. 1
Travesty : the trial of Slobodan Milošević and the corruption of international justice
Nuremberg trials : war crimes and international law
International justice for former Yugoslavia : the working of the International Criminal Tribunal of the Hague
International criminal law. Vol. 3, Enforcement
Guilt about the past
Genocide on the Drina river
The Wehrmacht War Crimes Bureau, 1939-1945
Application of international humanitarian and human rights law in non-international armed conflicts : individual criminal responsibility - the Somali case
Cruel Britannia : a secret history of torture
The little red chairs
On human rights : the Oxford Amnesty lectures 1993
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 20, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2004
Operation Eichmann : puruit and capture
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 28, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005-2006
Beyond the "judgement of civilization" : the intellectual legacy of the Japanese war crimes trials, 1946-1949
Judicialisation of the memory of the Algerian war in France
Finnish forensic expert team in Bosnia and Hercegovina
State crime in the global age
War crimes and collective wrongdoing : a reader
Customary international humanitarian law. Vol. 2, Practice : Part 2
The fate of Polish children during the last war
Alexandra Stiglmayer interviewed survivors of the continuing war in Bosnia-Herzegovina in order to reveal, to a seemingly deaf world, the horrors of the ongoing war in the former Yugoslavia. The women - primarily of Muslim but also of Croatian and Serbian origin - have endured the atrocities of rape and the loss of loved ones. Their testimony, published in the 1993 German edition, is bare, direct, and its cumulative effect overwhelming. The first English edition contains Stiglmayer's updates to her own two essays, one detailing the historical context of the current conflict and the other presenting the core of the book, interviews with some twenty victims of rape as well as interviews with three Serbian perpetrators. Essays investi-gating mass rape and war from ethnopsychological, sociological, cultural, and medical perspectives are included.
International criminal law. Volume 3, Enforcement
Isaac's army : a story of courage and survival in Nazi-occupied Poland
Reaching judgement at Nuremberg
Who is responsible : war crimes in Chechnya
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
The international criminal tribunal for Rwanda. Vol. 2
International criminal law in historical perspective : comments and materials
Investigating Srebrenica : institutions, facts, responsibilities
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 19, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003-2004
Terrorism in war : the law of war crimes
Hitlerite responsibility under criminal law
Justice for crimes against humanity
The American road to Nuremberg : the documentary record 1944-1945
Apologia Politica : states & their apologies by proxy
Punishing war crimes in the former Yugoslavia : a critical juncture for the international community
The criminalization of international core crimes in Finland
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
The crime and the silence : confronting the massacre of Jews in wartime Jedwabne
Exceptions: prosecution of IDF soldiers during and after the second intifada, : 2000-2007
The good man of Nanking : the diaries of John Rabe
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 25, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2006-2007 / André Klip and Göran Sluiter (eds.)
The neighbors respond : the controversy over the Jedwabne massacre in Poland
Individual responsibility in international law for serious human rights violations
The rise and fall of war crimes trials : from Charles I to Bush II
Vanished
Digest of jurisprudence of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, 2003-2005
What the International Criminal Court should learn from International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. From 1994-2002
The outside lands
Victors' justice : from Nuremberg to Baghdad
War crimes in Vietnam
When ordinary men do evil : lessons from My Lai and beyond
Genocide lives in us : women, memory, and silence in Rwanda
War crimes and laws of war
The Nuremberg SS-Einsatzgruppen trial, 1945-1958 : atrocity, law, and history
The travaux préparatoires of the crime aggression
The first German war crimes trial : chief judge Walter B. Beals' desk notebook of the doctors' trial held in Nuernberg, Germany, December 1945 to August 1947
The rise and rise of human rights
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
The anatomy of the Nuremberg trials : a personal memoir
Child soldiers in international law
Hiding in plain sight : the pursuit of war criminals from Nuremberg to the War on Terror
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 31, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 28 November 2007 - 30 November 2008
Private acts or public wrongs : private military contractors and state responsibility in the light of the abuses at Abu Ghraib
Philosophy, morality, and international affairs : essays edited for the Society for Philosophy and Public Affairs
The Belarus secret
Criteria for establishing an international armed conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina : an analysis of the Tadic judgment in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 15, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003
"Explains Responsibility to Protect (R2P), a new international norm to protect the peoples of the world. With real-world examples, current events analysis, and assessments from personal experience, shows how R2P is better equipped to end mass atrocity crimes than is "the right to intervene" or other "humanitarian intervention" doctrines"--Provided by publisher.
Beyond victor's justice? : the Tokyo war crimes trial revisited
State crime : governments, violence and corruption
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
Katyn : a crime without punishment
Aggressive war : an international crime
The cage : the fight for Sri Lanka & the last days of the Tamil Tigers
From Nuremberg to My Lai
The balanced scorecard of international criminal tribunals
The Martyrdom of Serbian Srebrenica : 1992-1995 : a photographic journey through a land of misery and sorrow = Le Martyr de Srebrenica Serbe : 1992-1995 : voyage photographique a travers le pays de misere et de tristesse
The responsibility to protect : ending mass atrocity crimes once and for all
The war behind me : Vietnam veterans confront the truth about U.S. war crimes
Law and the politics of memory : confronting the past
Harvest of despair : life and death in Ukraine under Nazi rule
Bibliografia zbrodni katyńskiej : materiały z lat 1943-1993 = Bibliography of the Katyń crime : materials from 1943-1993
Soldaten : on fighting, killing, and dying : the secret World War II tapes of German POWs
Crimes without punishment : humanitarian action in former Yugoslavia
The Son My mass slaying
The international law of war : transnational coercion and world public order
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 13, Timor Leste : the special panels for serious crimes 2001-2003
No time-limit for these crimes!
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 26, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2004-2005
Birds of prey
Katyn : documents of genoside : documents and materials from the Soviet archives turned over to Poland on October 14, 1992
The code of international armed conflict. 1
New & old wars
A man without breath
Hitler's soldiers : the German army in the Third Reich
Death in the forest : the story of the Katyn forest massacre
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
Hiding in Plain Sight tells the story of the global effort to apprehend the world's most wanted fugitives. Beginning with the flight of an estimated thirty thousand Nazi war criminals after the Second World War, then moving on to the question of justice following the recent Balkan wars and the Rwandan genocide, and ending with the establishment of the International Criminal Court and America's pursuit of suspected terrorists in the aftermath of 9/11, the book explores the range of diplomatic and military strategies--both successful and unsuccessful--that states and international courts have adopted to pursue and capture war crimes suspects. It is a story fraught with broken promises, backroom politics, ethical dilemmas, and daring escapades--all in the name of international justice and human rights. In this exhaustively researched and compelling written work of political and judicial history, the authors argue that while the legal and operational regimes needed to apprehend and deliver suspected war criminals to justice are largely in place, the political will on the part of states to make arrests happen in a consistent and apolitical manner remains elusive. And until this situation is rectified, murderers will get away with murder, and torturers will retire with pensions.
The divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
