http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p922 owls
owls
Ecological relationships in European owls
The sleepy snowy owl
Legend of the guardians : the owls of Ga'hoole : Wii
Diet of Finnish Snowy Owls Nyctea scandiaca
Snow bear
Are vole-eating owls affected by mild winters in southern Finland?
What a hoot!
The owl who was afraid of the dark
Reversed size dimorphism in birds of prey, especially in Tengmalm's owl Aegolius funereus: a test of the "starvation hypothesis"
Owly is a kind, yet lonely, little owl who's always on the search for new friends and adventure. Relying on a mixture of symbols, icons, and expressions to tell his silent stories, Runton's clean, animated, and heartwarming style makes it a perfect read. Owly learns that sometimes you have to make sacrifices and work at things that are important, especially friendship.
Influence of snow cover on food hoarding in Pygmy Owls Glaucidium passerinum
Cuddle up now, little one, let's snuggle wing-to-wing. Are you feeling safe and warm? Ok then, let's begin. Join Little Owl and Big Owl as they cuddle up at bedtime, thinking of the special times they've had together and all the exciting adventures the future holds.
Owls of the world
When Jack climbs over a wall to get his football back from the derelict building down his street, he doesn't expect to find a nest full of baby owls! Worried that the building is going to be knoked down by builders, Jack and his parents call the RSPCA. A rescue ensues, followed by an attempted hand feeding. But the birds are too young to be fed. Instead, the RSPCA must move the baby owls to another nest if they are to have a chance of survival. Jack must help the RSPCA to find the perfect nest in his neighbourhood. –  WorldCat.
Timmy helps a friend
Rocks and trees: habitat response of Tawny Owls Strix aluco in semiarid landscapes
Occupancy and abundance of Little Owl Athene noctua in an intensively managed forest area in Biscay
The death of an owl
The owl and the pussy-cat
Short- and long-term consequences of food resources on Ural owl, Strix uralensis, reproduction
Twit : the owl who wasn't wise
Twit and Howlet and the balloon
Timing of breeding Tengmalm's owl Aegolius funereus in relation to vole dynamics in western Finland
Owls of the world : their lives, behavior, and survival
Owls : the ambassadors for the protection of nature in their changing landscapes. Proceedings of the 4th World Owl Conference, 31 October - 4 November 2007, Groningen, The Netherlands
Legend of the guardians : the owls of Ga'hoole : PlayStation 3
Bring the owls inside
The crows of Pearblossom
Hoot owl, master of disguise
Predators : the whole tooth-and-claw story
A field study of the short-eared owl, Asio flammeus (Pontoppidan), in North America
Influence of habitat abundance and fragmentation on northern spotted owls in western Oregon
Bella the storyteller
Legend of the guardians : the owls of Ga'hoole : Nintendo DS
The journey
The Gruffalo sound book
Father Bear comes home
Thats not my owl... : it's beak is too shiny
Natal and breeding dispersal of northern spotted owls
I'm not ready!
Reproductive tactics of the Ural Owl Strix uralensis depending on cyclic vole populations
Anthill mistress with a bird's eye view
The hawks and owls of the United States in their relation to agriculture
Beautiful owls : portraits of arresting species
Owls of Europe
The Barn Owl
Foraging sites of Marsh Tits (Parus palustris) in presence and absence of hawks in mixed-species flocks in Korea
On the ecology and biology of Tengmalm's owl (Aegolius funereus) in Southern Ostrobothnia and Suomenselkä, Western Finland
Monitoring for and with raptors of Europe : special issue
Love you hoo
Legend of the guardians ; the owls of Ga'Hoole : Wii
Wow! Said the owl : a book about colours
Little owl needs a home
Selection for nest-hole shift and tactics of breeding in Tengmalm's owl Aegolius funereus
Owly : flying lessons
The further adventures of the owl and the pussycat
Strategy of Pygmy Owl while hunting avian and mammalian prey
Helminth parasitism does not increase the vulnerability of the field vole Microtus agrestis to predation by the Ural owl Strix uralensis
Breeding density and success, and diet composition of Little Owls Athene noctua in steppe-like habitats in Portugal
Twoo Twit
Living on voles : plastic life of the Ural owl
Owls of the world : a photographic guide
Owly. 2 : Just a little blue
Growth of nestling Ural owls
A natural history of owls
Asymmetry of moult in Ural owls
Status and trends in demography of northern spotted owls, 1985-2003
Legend of the guardians : the owls of Ga'hoole : Xbox 360
Scruffy bear and the lost ball
Parental investment, hatching spans and breeding success in Tengmalm's (Aegolius funereus) and pygmy owl (Glaucidium passerinum) under fluctuating food abundance
Owls of the world : their evolution, structure and ecology
The capture
Functional response of the long-eared owl (Asio otus) to changing prey numbers : a 20-year study
Parental care and offspring desertion in Tengmalm's owl Aegolius funereus and sparrowhawk Accipiter nisus
The rescue
Seasonal dynamics in social behaviour and spacing patterns of the Little Owl Athene noctua
Effects of habitat quality on the abundance, behaviour and breeding performance of owls : barn and little owls in agro-pastoral landscapes of Southern Europe
Six little chicks
A framework to support landscape analyses of habitat supply and effects on populations of forest-dwelling species : a case study based on northern spotted owl
Owly. 1 : The way home & The bittersweet summer
Chickens cant see in the dark
Three little owls
Owly : just a little blue
The complete tales
Brood sex ratio and sex differences in Tengmalms̀ owl (Aegolius funereus) : Tim Hipkiss
Ladybird stories for 5 year olds
Subcutaneous fat accumulation in Norwegian owls and raptors
Diet and breeding performance of Ural Owls Strix uralensis under fluctuating food conditions
Variation in tawny owl reproduction and offspring sex ratios as a response to food supply
Reproductive tactics of the Ural owl Strix uralensis depending on cyclic vole populations
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 3, Audition
Habitat selection and patterns of distribution in a hierarchic forest owl guild
Owly. 4 : A time to be brave
Factors affecting the prevalence of blood parasites of little owls Athene noctua in southern Portugal
Yasmin the night owl fairy
The Arnold Lobel audio collection
Owls (Strigiformes) : annotated and illustrated checklist
Alarm calls in action - does it pay off to help?
Little owl's day
Niche relationships and life-history tactics of three sympatric Strix owl species in Finland
Good luck baby owls
Composition of the owl communities in four areas in western Finland: importance of habitats and interspecific competition
The contribution of Federal and non-Federal habitat to persistence of the northern spotted owl on the Olympic Peninsula, Washington : report of the reanalysis team
Climate forcing on avian life history
The happy owls
Dietary variations of the Ural owl Strix uralensis in the transitional mixed forest of northern Belarus with implications for the distribution differences
Twit is a raggedy little owl whose brothers love to play tricks on him. It gets him into all sorts of trouble! But that all changes when Twit meets Norma, a clever little vole. All of a sudden, Twit's brothers had better watch out - Norma and Twit might just have a trick of their own to play... / WorldCat.
Friend owl
The owl who liked sitting on Caesar
Demography of the Northern Spotted Owl : proceedings of a workshop, Fort Collins, Colorado, December 1993
