http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9222 faeces
faeces stools (faeces)
Sanitation and hygiene in Africa : where do we stand? : analysis from the AfricaSan Conference, Kigali, Rwanda
Chemical constituents of vole feces as indicators of bark use in sapling plantations
Assesment of TNFα –blocking therapy in inflammatory bowel disease patients in deep remission
Heavy metal traces in growing medium of barley and carrot fertilised with septic tank sludge, urine and composted faeces
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Dietary fat and bile acids in the pathogenesis of gut barrier dysfunction
Linne & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Noninvasive monitoring of activity in Crohn's disease
Linné & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Hydraulics and purification in wastewater filters : Hydraulikk og rensing i avløpsfiltre
A guide to sanitation and hygiene for those working in developing countries
Epidemiology and clinical associations of human parechovirus and ljungan virus
Dry toilet 2006 : 2nd International Dry Toilet Conference : 16-19 August 2006 Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
The detection and prevalence of Clostridium botulinum in pig intestinal samples
Environmental health engineering in the tropics : an introductory text
Clostridium difficile infections and their treatment
Cryptosporidium and Giardia : detection in environmental and faecal samples
Fecal corticoid metabolites in aged male and female rats after husbandry-related disturbances in the colony room
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Joint symptoms and reactive arthritis after a waterborne gastroenteritis outbreak in Pirkanmaa, Finland, 2007
Intestinal bacteria : post-mortem changes, migration and association with alcoholic liver cirrhosis
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Comparison between cultured small-intestinal and fecal microbiotas in beagle dogs
Sanitation and disease : health aspectsof excreta and wastewater management
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
The last taboo : opening the door on the global sanitation crisis
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
The life of poo, or, Why you should think twice about shaking hands (especially with men)
Micrographica
Faecal separation and urine diversion for nutrient management of household biodegradable waste and wastewater
Antibiotic resistance of lactic acid bacteria
Here comes the poo bus!
Sin and filth in medieval culture : the devil in the latrine
Poo at the zoo
Urinalysis and body fluids
A manual of laboratory and diagnostic tests
The end of art
Dietary effects on human fecal microbiota
The World of Poo
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
The maculate muse : obscene language in Attic comedy
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
Merde : excursions in scientific, cultural, and sociohistorical coprology
Composition and temporal stability of gastrointestinal microbiota in irritable bowel syndrome : a longitudinal study in IBS and control subjects
Optimisation of qPCR-based methods for Giardia lamblia and Cryptosporidium spp. detection in human stool samples
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
The impacts of bird faeces on boat textiles and finishing composition
Jurassic poop! : What dinosaurs (and others) left behind
Disorders of the anorectum and pelvic floor
Clinical characteristics of cow's milk allergy with gastrointestinal symptoms
Wild and domestic animals as hosts of Toxoplasma gondii in Finland
Clinical applications of probiotics in gastroenterology : questions and answers
The world of poo
Analysis of the fecal microbiota of irritable bowel syndrome patients and healthy controls with real-time PCR
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
