http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9220 Somali people
Somali people
Cawaale iyo Ceebla oo Dalka Kanada u soo qaxay = Awale and Ebla moved to Canada
Aspects of suffering and religious healing among Somali refugees
Blood and bone : the call of kinship in Somali society
Building the new Somali identity : a case study
The sons of Somal
Holding on to the din : a reflection on the life of a Muslim in Joensuu, Finland
Created by God : how Somalis in Swedish exile reassess the practice of female circumcision
Desert flower
Somaliland's investment in peace : analysing the diaspora's economic engagement in peace building
The concept of "family" in Somalis' immigration to Finland : views from immigration officials and NGOs
Diasporas and their role in the homeland conflicts and peacebuilding : the case of Somali diaspora
Warriors : life and death among the Somalis
Children's perceived control about school performance : a comparative study of Finnish and Somalian children in the secondary schools
Culture and upbringing : adaptation experiences of Somali families
The colour of home
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
Supporting African peace operations
Understanding Somalia : guide to culture, history and social institutions
Summary.
Migration for development in the Horn of Africa : health expertise from the Somali diaspora in Finland
Many African migrants residing abroad nurture a hope to one day return, at least temporarily, to their home country. In the wake of economic crises in the developed world, alongside rapid economic growth in parts of Africa, the impetus to 'return' is likely to increase. Such returnees are often portrayed as agents of development, bringing with them capital, knowledge and skills as well as connections and experience gained abroad. Yet, the reality is altogether more complex. In this much-needed volume, based on extensive original fieldwork, the authors reveal that there is all too often a gaping divide between abstract policy assumptions and migrants' actual practices. In contrast to the prevailing optimism of policies on migration and development, Africa's Return Migrants demonstrates that the capital obtained abroad is not always advantageous and that it can even hamper successful entrepreneurship and other forms of economic, political and social engagement.
The New Interventionism, 1991–1994 : United Nations Experience in Cambodia, Former Yugoslavia and Somalia
Cawaale iyo Ceebla oo Toronto y soo qaxay = Awale and Ebla moved to Canada
Only half of me : being a muslim in Britain
Interaction between Somali organizations and Italian and Finnish development actors
FINNISH WATER AND ITS GLOBAL LOGISTICS: A CASE STUDY ON FINLAND AND SOMALIA
City of thorns : nine lives in the world's largest refugee camp
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
Travelling with the Bedouin women of Hawd
Engagement dynamics between diasporas and settlement country institutions : Somalis in Italy and Finland
'Somalia lives with me' : homeland and religion in the lives of Finnish somalis
Law of the Somalis : a stable foundation for economic development in the Horn of Africa
Oral Poetry and Somali Nationalism : The Case of Sayid Mahammad 'Abdille Hasan
Perceptions of Somalis in Finland about tuberculosis
Dhig oo dheh Soomaaliga. 1, Somali and English
A guide for immigrants about health care system in Finland : Terveysnetti
Somalis in European cities : overview
The tears of dark water
Folk medicine : an invisible side of the Somaliland health sector
The civil war in Somalia : its genesis and dynamics
Five essays on the study of pastoralists and the development of pastoralism
The health related problems of Somali female circumcision and prospects for future changes : a survey on Somali women living in Finland
The political potential of migrants is often overlooked in discussions around integration
A comparative assessment of Somali diaspora organisations in Europe
Somali studies : reference materials for teachers
Qarad iyo qori is maris = Qarad and the shapeshifter
Conflict, corruption, perception, remedies : (the role of the United Nations in war economies)
Planting peace? How can development cooperation contribute? : perspectives from an environmental project conducted in Somalia
"The Nordic Africa Institute, the Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation and the Norwegian Institute for International Affairs hosted a seminar in Uppsala, Sweden, on 15 and 16 December 2011, that brought together AU, EU and UN officials closely involved in peace operations in Africa. The seminar's purpose was to allow participants to compare their experiences of the different support models that have been used to date in Sudan and Somalia. International support for African peace operations provides opportunities but also poses challenges. This report examines four of these challenges in some detail: the AU Commission's limited capacity to plan and manage peace operations; insufficient political engagement by African member states with AU peace operations; the short-termism and self-interest of some of the AU's partners; and the need for UN Security Council permanent members to value and ensure a shared AU-UN strategic vision. The report also includes policy recommendations for resolving these challenges." --Publisher's description.
Fugitive memories : how young Somali men recall displacements and emplacements in their childhood
Robert Ludlum's the Janson option
Clan cleansing in Somalia : the ruinous legacy of 1991
The purpose of this study was to gain insight into the understanding of the concept of `fatherhood' among Somali fathers. The study consisted of a focus group with six Somali fathers of different ages and from different social backgrounds. The focus group was conducted in Somali, with the transcripts later translated into English. Issues with regard to collecting data in one language and presenting the findings in another are addressed in this article, with critical reflection on my positionality as an engaged researcher.
Africa's return migrants : the new developers?
This book explores the influence of oral poetry on Somali politics. By reconstructing the history of the Somali nationalist resistance movement, mainly through the use of political oratory in verse form by its leader, Sayyid Mahammad 'Abdille Hasan', the 'Mad Mullah' of British history, Said Samater shows how an indigenous resource can be harnessed in a non-literate society, not only as a medium of mass communication but also as a tool for acquiring political power. He traces the intimate correlation between language, politics and oral poetry and seeks to suggest to students of African societies ways of examining indigenous forms of communication used by traditional African creators of large-scale organisations in the absence of writing, to influence public opinion. The book is an important contribution to the history of the Horn of Africa and its new material on the role of oral literature in a non-literate society will interest linguists, sociologists and anthropologists, as well as students of folklore and comparative literature.
I come from Somalia
Housing needs of Somalis living in Suvela
Somali refugees in Helsinki : focus on social networks and the meaning of clan membership
Those in peril
Meet the somalis : the illustrated stories of Somalis in seven cities in Europe
Daadah. Book 1, : Learn Somali / written by Zainab Dahir ; illustrated by Abdimajid Saed
Refugees in Somalia
Place and identity : meanings of place among Somali immigrants in a Finnish neighborhood
The experiences and perfection of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Homes and fields, friends and informants : fieldwork among Somali refugee women
Peoples of the Horn of Africa : Somali, Afar and Saho
Somali immigrants' perceptions of mental health
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Diaspora and everyday Islam : Somali women in Finland
Desert flower : the extraordinary life of a desert nomad
At the end of the Cold War the hope was that it would be possible to reform international society and create a new world order. Its central feature would be international intervention, not merely to deter or repel aggression across frontiers, but to protect the victims of civil conflicts within states. These hopes remain largely unfulfilled. This book contributes to our understanding of this failure by examining the three major post-Cold War operations in which the UN has been involved. Each presented the international community with a different challenge: in Cambodia it was to implement a previously negotiated political agreement; in former Yugoslavia to devise a credible division of labour and authority between the UN and the European Union; and in Somalia to mount a humanitarian mission in a country without a government. Each chapter is accompanied by a chronology of events and a selection of relevant UN documents.
Transnational nomads : how Somalis cope with refugee life in the Dadaab camps of Kenya
Baketball, Quranstudies and rap-music
Somali women and daily Islam in the diaspora
Somalian immigrant students and equality
Beyond labelling : Somalis and Sudanese in Norway and the challenge of homemaking
Captain Phillips
Abstract: This final project was realised in co-operation with the Ageing Migrants-activity, which functions under The Central Union for the Welfare of the Aged. This is a functional final project, which consists of a handbook for the instructors working with elderly Somalis in Finland with the aim of supporting the empowerment of the clients. The instructor's handbook is designed to be used together with a handbook for elderly Somalis.    The theoretical framework was empowerment through awakening. This report explains how empowerment and the instructor's role together with the product of the final project can help the elderly Somalis to cope in certain everyday situations in Finland. The report explains the process of the handbooks; initial planning, making, testing, evaluating, finalizing, marketing and distributing it as well as future possibilities of the product.    The client's handbook was done according to simplified language principles by using Finnish and Somali. It was desined to be used both with illiterate and literate clients. The instructor's handbook includes the same material as the client's handbook and instructions for implimenting the group sessions.    The results of testing the handbooks showed that the product supports the empowerment of elderly Somalis. Future possibilities would be to translate the handbooks into different languages and to change them to suit different cultures for using the product with other client groups.
Understanding Somalia and Somaliland : culture, history, society
Somali diaspora in Finland : assistance of the country of origin
Socialist Somalia : rhetoric and reality
The invisible girls : a memoir
A study of the health perceptions of Somali women living in Finland about female circumcision
Young Somali women in Turku, Finland : gender, gossip and socio-spatial behaviour
Somali immigrants’ needs and expectations towards health care services in Helsinki metropolitan
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Conceptualisation of transnational remittances as social capital (re)production : the case of the somali diaspora in Finland
Illness, healing, and everyday Islam : transnational lives of Somali migrant women
Balancing two cultures : sociocultural acculturation and adaptation of somali young adults in Finland
A man of good hope
Diasporic authenticity : connecting genes and building families through DNA-testing in Somali family reunification in Finland
Exploring understandings of 'fatherhood' as a concept : focus group with six Somali fathers
Yesterday is not behind
The social and cultural determinants of the use of contraception among married Somali women living in Finland
Making refuge : Somali Bantu refugees and Lewiston, Maine
Variations on the theme of Somaliness : proceedings of the EASS/SSIA International Congress of Somali Studies, Turku, Finland August 6-9, 1998
Somali generation born in Finland : between Finnish and Somali culture
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Somalia in word and image
Migration and transnational health care : connecting Finland and Somaliland
Continuity and change : Somali women and everyday islam in diaspora
Somali organisations in the United Kingdom
Working with refugee families : study of co-operation between kindergarten teachers and refugee families : experiences from the Somalian perspective
A modern history of Somalia : nation and state in the Horn of Africa
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Higgaad iyo far barasho = ABC book for children
"In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast In 1991, certain political and military leaders in Somalia, wishing to gain exclusive control over the state, mobilized their followers to use terror—wounding, raping, and killing—to expel a vast number of Somalis from the capital city of Mogadishu and south-central and southern Somalia. Manipulating clan sentiment, they succeeded in turning ordinary civilians against neighbors, friends, and coworkers. Although this episode of organized communal violence is common knowledge among Somalis, its real nature has not been publicly acknowledged and has been ignored, concealed, or misrepresented in scholarly works and political memoirs—until now. Marshaling a vast amount of source material, including Somali poetry and survivor accounts, Clan Cleansing in Somalia analyzes this campaign of clan cleansing against the historical background of a violent and divisive military dictatorship, in the contemporary context of regime collapse, and in relationship to the rampant militia warfare that followed in its wake. Clan Cleansing in Somalia also reflects on the relationship between history, truth, and postconflict reconstruction in Somalia. Documenting the organization and intent behind the campaign of clan cleansing, Lidwien Kapteijns traces the emergence of the hate narratives and code words that came to serve as rationales and triggers for the violence. However, it was not clans that killed, she insists, but people who killed in the name of clan. Kapteijns argues that the mutual forgiveness for which politicians often so lightly call is not a feasible proposition as long as the violent acts for which Somalis should forgive each other remain suppressed and undiscussed. Clan Cleansing in Somalia establishes that public acknowledgment of the ruinous turn to communal violence is indispensable to social and moral repair, and can provide a gateway for the critical memory work required from Somalis on all sides of this multifaceted conflict." --Provided by publisher.
Somalia : a historical, cultural and political analysis
Nomad : from islam to America : a personal journey through the clash of civilizations
A journey through Somalia
The African wars
A modern history of the Somali : nation and state in the Horn of Africa
Qarad iyo Qori is Maris  =  Qarad and the shapeshilfer
Entering the field : strategies and considerations
Culture and customs of Somalia
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
School for all? : somali parents' views on their children's education, multicultural education and integration in Finland
Only half of me
Diasporic engagement in the educational sector in post-conflict Somaliland : a contribution to peacebuilding
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
Improvised adolescence : Somali Bantu teenage refugees in America
Somalia lives with me : homeland and religion in the lives of Finnish Somalis
Aman : the story of a Somali girl
The Somali language
Somali organisations in Finland
Negotiating belonging and embeddedness : an etnography of women's return migration to Somaliland
Cawaale iyo Ceebla oo dalka Kanada u soo qaxay  =  Awale and Ebla moved to Canada
Life is a narrative : studying refugee experiences as personal narratives
This case discusses experiences of entering the field and establishing rapport with a particular community. It is necessary to be accepted and trusted among community members in order to conduct qualitative research, and to investigate the daily practices of Somali refugee women. Data collection methods in the study were to include participant observation, recording of field notes, and in-depth interviews with community members.
The icebreakers : Somali-speaking youth in metropolitan Helsinki with a focus on the context of formal education
Suffering and symptoms : aspects of everyday life of Somali refugee women
