http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9225 business intelligence
business intelligence
Magnetic bubble technology
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases, DOOD '95, held in Singapore in December 1995. Besides two keynote papers by Stefano Ceri and Michael Kifer, the book contains revised full versions of 28 papers selected from a total of 88 submissions. The volume gives a highly competent state-of-the-art report on DOOD research and advanced applications. The papers are organized in sections on active databases, query processing, semantic query optimization, transaction management, authorization, implementation, and applications.
Developing Performance Dashboard with Qlikview : Wärtsilä Power Plants
Handbook on knowledge management. 2, Knowledge directions
Competitive intelligence : a framework for web-based analysis and decision making
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the First International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR-95, held in Sesimbra, Portugal, in October 1995. The 52 revised papers included are classified as scientific papers , application papers , and posters . All current aspects of research and development aiming at industrial applications in CBR are addressed. Among the topical sections are case and knowledge representation, case retrieval, nearest neighbour methods, case adaption and learning, cognitive modelling, integrated reasoning methods, and application-oriented methods: planning, decision making, diagnosis, interpretation, design, etc.
Business intelligence in Microsoft SharePoint 2013
The International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning (ICCBR) is the pre-eminent international meeting on case-based reasoning (CBR). ICCBR 2007 (http://www.iccbr.org./iccbr07/) was the seventh in this series, presenting the most significant contributions in the field of CBR. The conference took place in Belfast, Northern Ireland, UK, during August 13-16, 2007. ICCBR and its sister conferences ECCBR (European Conference on Case-Based Reasoning) alternate every year. ICCBR 2007 followed a series of six successful international conferences previously held in Sesimbra, Portugal (1995); Providence, Rhode Island, USA (1997); Seeon, Germany (1999); Vancouver, Canada (2001); Trondheim, Norway (2003); and C- cago, Illinois, USA (2005). The European Conferences on Case-Based Reasoning (ECCBR) were held as European workshops in Kaiserslautern, Germany (1993); Chantilly, France (1994); Lausanne, Switzerland (1996); Dublin, Ireland (1998); and Trento, Italy (2000); and as European conferences in Aberdeen, UK (2002); Madrid, Spain (2004); and Lykia World, Turkey (2006). Days one, two, and four comprised presentations and posters on theoretical and - plied CBR research. In order to emphasize the importance of applications, the tra- tional industry day was converted into an Industry Program held on the second day, in the middle of the conference. Day three was devoted to five workshops: Case-Based Reasoning and Context-Awareness; Case-Based Reasoning in the Health Sciences; Textual Case-Based Reasoning: Beyond Retrieval; Uncertainty and Fuzziness in Case- Based Reasoning; and Knowledge Discovery and Similarity.
Role of business intelligence : benefits realization in a case organization
Foundations of Fuzzy Logic and Soft Computing : 12th International Fuzzy Systems Association World Congress, IFSA 2007, Cancun, Mexico, June 18-21, 2007. Proceedings
Business intelligence: what we know so far, and what is ahead?
Business intelligence applied : implementing an effective information and communications technology infrastructure
Information first : integrating knowledge and information architecture for business advantage
Data mining tools for technology and competitive intelligence
Quantitative Marketing and Marketing Management : Marketing Models and Methods in Theory and Practice
This volume presents the 36 full refereed papers selected from the presentations at the First European Workshop on Case-Based Reasoning, held at Kaiserslautern, Germany in November 1993. Case-based reasoning (CBR) has recently attracted much interest among AI researchers: it supports knowledge acquisition and problem solving, and it is related to machine learning, analogical reasoning, cognitive modeling, similarity, and information retrieval. EWCBR is now established as the prime European forum for CBR research. This volume reflects the importance of this dynamic area of research through essential contributions to all aspects of CBR research and advanced applications.
Distributed Communities on the Web : Third International Workshop, DCW 2000 Quebec City, Canada, June 19–21, 2000 Proceedings
Video Analytics for Business Intelligence
Agent-Mediated Electronic Commerce V. Designing Mechanisms and Systems : AAMAS 2003 Workshop, AMEC 2003, Melbourne, Australia, July 15, 2003, Revised Selected Papers
This volume constitutes the proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Database and Expert Systems Applications (DEXA '94), held in Athens, Greece in September 1994. The 78 papers presented were selected from more than 300 submissions and give a comprehensive view of advanced applications of databases and expert systems. Among the topics covered are object-oriented, temporal, active, geographical, hypermedia and distributed databases, data management, cooperative office applications, object-oriented modelling, industrial applications, conceptual modelling, legal systems, evolving environments, knowledge engineering, information retrieval, advanced querying, medical systems, and CIM.
Collective intelligence has become an attractive subject of interest for both academia and industry. More and more conferences and workshops discuss the impact of the users‘ motivation to participate in the value creation process, the enabling role of leading-edge information and communication technologies and the need for better algorithms to deal with the growing amount of shared data. There are many interesting and challenging topics that need to be researched and discussed with respect to knowledge creation, creativity and innovation processes carried forward in the emerging communities of practice. COLLIN is on the path to become the flagship conference in the areas of collective intelligence and ICT-enabled social networking. We were delighted to again receive contributions from different parts of the world including Australia, Europe, Asia, and the United States. Encouraged by the positive response, we plan COLLIN 2012 to be held next year end of August at FernUniverstität in Hagen. In order to guarantee the quality of the event, each paper went through a doubleblind review process. The reviews concentrated on originality, quality and relevance of the paper topic to the symposium. In addition, we invited a few renowned experts in the field to contribute to the success of the symposium with outstanding papers reporting on their most recent research. Our special thanks go to the authors for submitting their papers, to the international program committee members, and to numerous reviewers who did an excellent job in guaranteeing that the papers in this volume are of very high quality.
Practice and Theory of Automated Timetabling II : Second International Conference, PATAT’97 Toronto, Canada, August 20–22, 1997 Selected Papers
Planning - formulating a course of action - and related fields like scheduling or reasoning about action have a long research tradition in artificial intelligence. However, there seems to have been a communications problem among European planners, with many of them unaware of good work done in neighboring countries. This volume contains ten papers presented at the European Workshop on Planning held in Sankt Augustin, Germany, March 1991. The purpose of the workshop was to provide a forum for presenting work in planning and related areas done by European researchers. The papers provide a snapshot of planning research at present being done in Europe. They describe work in the areas of plan generation, logical approaches to planning, planning under uncertainty, planning with time, and semantics of plans.
Business intelligence in Microsoft SharePoint 2010
Tasks and Methods in Applied Artificial Intelligence : 11th International Conference on Industrial and Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence and Expert Systems IEA-98-AIE Benicàssim, Castellón, Spain, June 1–4, 1998 Proceedings, Volume II
Strategic intelligence : business intelligence, competitive intelligence, and knowledge management
This volume constitutes the refereed revised proceedings of the First United Kingdom Workshop on Case-Based Reasoning, held in Salford, UK in January 1995. The 16 revised papers presented are organized in theoretical and application papers; in addition, there is a comprehensive introduction to the volume and case-based reasoning in general by the volume editor. Among the topics addressed are case-based design, case memories, concept learning, retrieval, decision making, and case-based planning. The volume is of interest to researchers in the area and to professionals applying case-based reasoning techniques.
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
Advances in Electronic Commerce, Web Application and Communication : Volume 2
Practical text analytics : interpreting text and unstructured data for business intelligence
Negotiating success : tips and tools for building rapport and dissolving conflict while still getting what you want
The Database and Expert Systems Applications (DEXA) conferences bring together researchers and practitioners from all over the world to exchange ideas, experiences and opinions in a friendly and stimulating environment. The papers are at once a record of what has been achieved and the first steps towards shaping the future of information systems. DEXA covers a broad field, and all aspects of database, knowledge base and related technologies and their applications are represented. Once again there were a good number of submissions: 241 papers were submitted and of these the programme committee selected 103 to be presented. DEXA’99 took place in Florence and was the tenth conference in the series, following events in Vienna, Berlin, Valencia, Prague, Athens, London, Zurich, Toulouse and Vienna. The decade has seen many developments in the areas covered by DEXA, developments in which DEXA has played its part. I would like to express thanks to all the institutions which have actively supported and made possible this conference, namely: • University of Florence, Italy • IDG CNR, Italy • FAW – University of Linz, Austria • Austrian Computer Society • DEXA Association In addition, we must thank all the people who have contributed their time and effort to make the conference possible. Special thanks go to Maria Schweikert (Technical University of Vienna), M. Neubauer and G. Wagner (FAW, University of Linz). We must also thank all the members of the programme committee, whose careful reviews are important to the quality of the conference.
Agile analytics : a value-driven approach to business intelligence and data warehousing
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Second International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR-97, held in Providence, RI, USA, in July 1997. The volume presents 39 revised full scientific papers selected from a total of 102 submissions; also included are 20 revised application papers. Among the topics covered are representation and formalization, indexing and retrieval, adaptation, learning, integrated approaches, creative reasoning, CBR and uncertainty. This collection of papers is a comprehensive documentation of the state of the art in CBR research and development.
This book contains a selection of strictly refereed papers presented at the First International Conference on the Practice and Theory of Automated Timetabling, held in Edinburgh, UK, August/September 1995. This is the first book entirely devoted to automated timetabling and meets the clear need for a wide-ranging survey of the state of the art in the area. The book contains four survey papers by leading experts together with 19 revised full papers presenting new results; the papers are organized in topical sections on reasoning about constraints, genetic algorithms, complexity issues, and tabu search and simulated annealing.
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR 2009, held in Seattle, WA, USA, in July 2009. The 17 revised full papers and 17 revised poster papers presented together with 2 invited talks were carefully reviewed and selected from 55 submissions. Covering a wide range of CBR topics of interest both to practitioners and researchers, the papers are devoted to theoretical/methodological as well as to applicative aspects of current CBR analysis.
Co-oP : A Group Decision Support System for Cooperative Multiple Criteria Group Decision Making
Scalable Uncertainty Management : First International Conference, SUM 2007, Washington,DC, USA, October 10-12, 2007. Proceedings
The analytics revolution : how to improve your business by making analytics operational in the big data era
Agent-Based Modelling of Socio-Technical Systems
Advances in Electronic Commerce, Web Application and Communication : Volume 1
This volume constitutes the proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Database and Expert Systems Applications (DEXA), held in Prague, Czech Republic, in September 1993. Traditionally the objective of the DEXA conferences is to serve as an international forum for the discussion and exchange of research results and practical experinece among theoreticians and professionals working in the field of database and artificial intelligence technologies. Despite the fact that in the conference title the applications aspect is mentioned explicitly, the theoretical and the practical points of view in the field are well-balanced in the program of DEXA'93. The growing importance of the conference series is outlined by the remarkably high number of 269 submissions and by the support given by renown organizations. DEXA'93 is held for the first time outside the former GDR in an East-European country, and is essentially contributing to the advancement of the East-West scientific cooperation in the field of database and AI systems. This proceedings contains the 78 contributed papers carefully selected by an international program committee with thesupport of a high number of subreferees. The volume is organized in sectionson data models, distributed databases, advanced database aspects, database optimization and performance evaluation, spatial and geographic databases, expert systems and knowledge engineering, legal systems, other database and artificial intelligence applications, software engineering, and hypertext/hypermedia and user interfaces.
"Turbulent times create a threat for the survival of organizations while also offering new opportunities. This book uses many examples to demonstrate how an improved strategic management approach, leveraging established management concepts in conjunction with the innovative technology solutions offered by business intelligence, can lead to improved results. The book presents the three main barriers to an effective strategy execution and how they can be overcome. Creating a shared understanding of the strategy on all levels of the organization using a Value ScorecardTM and following the Strategic Alignment ProcessTM enables organizations to measure and monitor performance. The Strategic Alignment Remote ControlTM is presented as the ultimate tool for managers to remain in control of their business. Seven Case Studies from different industries across the globe provide examples how the organizational performance can be improved. They include companies like Daimler, Tetra-Pak, Wurth, Germany's Federal Employment Agency, City of Aix-Les-Bains, and Giesecke & Devrient. Additional examples from organizations like Disney, Marriott, Volkswagen, Avis, FedEx, and Harrahs help to demonstrate how the application of the introduced concepts adds a unique value. Additional details and the free Strategy Execution Effectiveness Survey are available at: www.strategicbusinessintelligence.com." --Contratapa.
Market of business intelligence systems in Russia
User-directed competitive intelligence : closing the gap between supply and demand
GeoSpatial Semantics : Second International Conference, GeoS 2007, Mexico City, Mexico, November 29-30, 2007. Proceedings
Evolutionary Computing : AISB International Workshop Manchester, UK, April 7–8, 1997 Selected Papers
New era of enterprise business intelligence : using analytics to achieve a global competitive advantage
Representing Plans Under Uncertainty : A Logic of Time, Chance, and Action
Genre and ontology based business information architecture framework (GOBIAF)
Coordination Technology for Collaborative Applications : Organizations, Processes, and Agents
Managing flow : a process theory of the knowledge-based firm
Methodologies for Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining : Third Pacific-Asia Conference, PAKDD-99 Beijing, China, April 26–28, 1999 Proceedings
Analysis without paralysis : 10 tools to make better strategic decisions
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Cooperative Information Systems, CIA'99, held in Uppsala, Sweden in July/August 1999. The 16 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from a total of 46 submissions. Also included are ten invited contributions by leading experts. The volume is divided in sections on information discovery and management on the Internet; information agents on the Internet-prototypes systems and applications; communication and collaboration, mobile information agents; rational information agents for electronic business; service mediation and negotiation; and adaptive personal assistance.
Spatio-Temporal Databases : The CHOROCHRONOS Approach
The Kimball Group reader : relentlessly practical tools for data warehousing and business intelligence
SAP business intelligence : (Data Modeling)
The Oxford handbook of evidence-based management
Modeling Multi-commodity Trade: Information Exchange Methods
Business intelligence strategy : a practical guide for achieving BI excellence
Closed Circuit TeleVision (CCTV) cameras have been increasingly deployed pervasively in public spaces including retail centres and shopping malls. Intelligent video analytics aims to automatically analyze content of massive amount of public space video data and has been one of the most active areas of computer vision research in the last two decades. Current focus of video analytics research has been largely on detecting alarm events and abnormal behaviours for public safety and security applications. However, increasingly CCTV installations have also been exploited for gathering and analyzing business intelligence information, in order to enhance marketing and operational efficiency. For example, in retail environments, surveillance cameras can be utilised to collect statistical information about shopping behaviour and preference for marketing (e.g., how many people entered a shop; how many females/males or which age groups of people showed interests to a particular product; how long did they stay in the shop; and what are the frequent paths), and to measure operational efficiency for improving customer experience. Video analytics has the enormous potential for non-security oriented commercial applications. This book presents the latest developments on video analytics for business intelligence applications. It provides both academic and commercial practitioners an understanding of the state-of-the-art and a resource for potential applications and successful practice.
Information Systems and Artificial Intelligence: Integration Aspects : First Workshop Ulm, FRG, March 19–21, 1990 Proceedings
Market mechanisms are entering into new fields of economy, in which some constraints of physical world, e.g. Kirchoffs Law in power grid, must be taken into account during trading. On such markets, some of commodities, like telecommunication bandwidth or electrical energy, appear to be non-storable, and must be exchanged in real-time. On the other hand, the markets tend to react at shortest possible time, so an idea to delegate some competency to autonomous software agents is very attractive. Multi-commodity mechanism addresses the aforementioned requirements. Modeling the relationships between the commodities allows to formulate new, more sophisticated models and mechanisms, which reflect decision situations in a better manner. Application of multi-commodity approach requires solving several issues related to data modeling, communication, semantics aspects of communication, reliability, etc. This book answers some of the questions and points out promising paths for implementation and development. Presented solutions are based on Multi-commodity Market Model (M3 ), which enables modeling of rich variety of possible market designs. The book contains revised versions of papers presented during scientific workshop “Modeling Multi-commodity Trade: Information exchange methods", which took place in November 2010 at Warsaw University of Technology.
Multiagent System Technologies : First German Conference, MATES 2003 Erfurt, Germany, September 22-25, 2003 Proceedings
Competitive intelligence : how to acquire and use corporate intelligence and counter-intelligence
Business intelligence : lessons learned from the oxymorons at work : (the real world secrets they don't teach you at business school)
Business intelligence guidebook : from data integration to analytics
Turning IP information into a competitive advantage
How can the Business Intelligence system be developed at YIT?
Intelligent Tutoring Systems : 4th International Conference, ITS’ 98 San Antonio, Texas, USA, August 16–19, 1998 Proceedings
An Approach to Knowledge Base Management
In the first part, this book analyzes the knowledge discovery process in order to understand the relations between knowledge discovery steps and focusing. The part devoted to the development of focusing solutions opens with an analysis of the state of the art, then introduces the relevant techniques, and finally culminates in implementing a unified approach as a generic sampling algorithm, which is then integrated into a commercial data mining system. The last part evaluates specific focusing solutions in various application domains. The book provides various appendicies enhancing easy accessibility. The book presents a comprehensive introduction to focusing in the context of data mining and knowledge discovery. It is written for researchers and advanced students, as well as for professionals applying data mining and knowledge discovery techniques in practice.
Business intelligence for the enterprise
This book proposes an approach to analyzing, designing and implementing Group Decision Support Systems (GDSS). The experience gained in developing a concrete system, Co-oP, suggests that GDSS should be distributed, loosely-coupled and process-driven. A distributed and loosely-coupled GDSS architecture provides autonomy and flexibility for individual decision-making, and homogeneity and simplicity for group problem solving. Also, process-driven GDSS are able to deal with the unpredictable nature of group problems since collective decision processes have been shown to be the only elements in a GDSS that are (i) stable enough to fit into most collective problems, (ii) reasonably structurable to be implementable, and (iii) sufficiently controllable to guarantee appropriate use. From a Multiple Criteria Decision-Making (MCDM) viewpoint, this book supports the integrated use of various MCDM methods to help a GDSS (i) support a wide range of decision situations, (ii) attenuate the difficulty of information search, (iii) allow division of decision-making tasks, and (iv) permit consensus seeking analysis. Co-oP runs on a network of individual workstations. It contains a set of MCDM methods, techniques of aggregation of preferences, and a consensus seeking algorithm to support negotiation. Electronic communication among group members is monitored by a group norm filter which is adaptable to a large number of collective decision situations. This book also reports some empirical evaluations of Co-oP and expands the proposed approach to non-cooperation and organizational decision-making.
Mining for strategic competitive intelligence : foundations and applications
Teaching innovations in economics : strategies and applications for interactive instruction
The new science of management decision
Practice and Theory of Automated Timetabling : First International Conference Edinburgh, U.K., August 29–September 1, 1995 Selected Papers
Knowledge-based systems have been successfully developed in practice for a number of years. However, they are often "only" stand-alone systems; integrating them into existing information environments, e.g. making available real production data to an expert system, often either fails or is only solved in a dissatisfying way. Possible reasons for this might be on one hand the lack of know-how about the different features of various experimental AI techniques, and on the other the lack of more classical information and database system technology. The special interest groups "Knowledge Representation" and "Methods for the Development of Information Sys- tems and their Application" of the German Informatics Society (GI) organized a joint workshop in Ulm in March 1990 to discuss the integration of Artificial Intelligence and database technology. This volume contains the proceedings of the workshop.
ECWAC2012 is an integrated conference devoted to Electronic Commerce, Web Application and Communication. In the this proceedings you can find the carefully reviewed scientific outcome of the second International Conference on Electronic Commerce, Web Application and Communication (ECWAC 2012) held at March 17-18,2012  in Wuhan, China, bringing together researchers from all around the world in the field.
This book offers a collection of selected papers presented at the Seventh International Conference on ICT Innovations held in October 2015, in Ohrid, Macedonia, with main topic Emerging Technologies for Better Living. The conference gathered academics, professionals and industrial practitioners that work on developing the emerging technologies, systems, applications in the industrial and business arena especially innovative commercial implementations, novel application of technology, and experience in applying recent ICT research advances to practical solutions.
Quantitative marketing has been gaining importance during the last decade. This is indicated by the growing number of model- and method-oriented studies published in leading journals as well as by the many successful applications of quantitative approaches in pricing, advertising, new product planning, and market segmentation decisions. In addition, market research has clearly benefitted from applying advanced quantitative models and methods in practice. Some 60 researchers - among them worldwide leading scholars - offer a broad overview of quantitative approaches in marketing. They not only highlight diverse mathematical and methodological perspectives, but also demonstrate the relevance and practical consequences of applying quantitative approaches to marketing problems.  Contents - Marketing Models and Marketing Research Methods - Consumer Behavior and Retailing - Marketing Management The Editors Professor DDr. Adamantios Diamantopoulos, Holder of the Chair of International Marketing, University of Vienna, Austria. Professor Dr. Wolfgang Fritz, Director of the Institute of Marketing, Technische Universität Braunschweig, Germany, and Honorary Professor, University of Vienna, Austria. Professor Dr. Lutz Hildebrandt, Director of the Institute of Marketing, Humboldt University of Berlin, Germany, and Honorary Professor, University of Vienna, Austria.
"Bridging the gap between the marketer who must put text analytics to use and the increasingly rarefied community of data analysis experts, Practical Text Analytics is an accessible guide to the many remarkable advances in text analytics that specialists are discussing among themselves. Instead of being a resource for programmers, a book on theory or an introduction on how to use advanced statistical programs, this daily reference resource cuts through the profusion of jargon, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of various methods and serving as a guide to what is credible in this fast-moving and often confusing field. Practical Text Analytics provides guidance on the application of text analytics for marketing professionals who must interpret the results and apply them in their campaigns. It presents the process of analysis in ways that people who use the data need to see them, helping marketers to clarify and organize confidently the confusing array of methods, frame the right questions and apply the results successfully to find meaning in any unstructured data and develop powerful new marketing strategies. About the series: The Marketing Science series makes difficult topics accessible to marketing students and practitioners by grounding them in business reality. Each book is written by an expert in the field and includes case studies and illustrations so marketers can gain confidence in applying the tools and techniques and commission external research"--
The possibilities for a statistical analysis of student information at Oulu
University of Applied Sciences
Expanded to cover the latest in business intelligence-big data, cloud, mobile, visual data discovery, and in-memory-this fully updated bestseller by BI guru Cindi Howson provides the most modern techniques to exploit BI for the highest ROI.
Business intelligence : the savvy manager's guide
Computers and Games : First International Conference, CG’98 Tsukuba, Japan, November 11–12, 1998 Proceedings
Applied Microsoft Power BI : bring your data to life
This book outlines a number of different tools for mapping strategic knowledge, and thus making knowledge more accessible. It provides informed analysis and theory, and considers the contribution of these studies to management practice.
Software Agents and Soft Computing Towards Enhancing Machine Intelligence : Concepts and Applications
Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases : Fourth International Conference, DOOD '95 Singapore, December 4–7, 1995 Proceedings
Business intelligence in plain language : a practical guide to data mining and business analytics
Methodology and Tools in Knowledge-Based Systems : 11th International Conference on Industrial and Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence and Expert Systems IEA-98-AIE Benicàssim, Castellón, Spain, June 1–4, 1998 Proceedings, Volume I
Developing Business Intelligence Apps for SharePoint
Perceived usefulness of business intelligence system in decision making process
From Event Planning to Legacy Planning
Advances in Collective Intelligence 2011
IT governance and cost in practice : how to ramp down IT service?
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : 4th International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR 2001 Vancouver, BC, Canada, July 30 – August 2, 2001 Proceedings
Business intelligence in economic forecasting : technologies and techniques
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
Countering industrial espionage
QlikView 11 for developers : develop business intelligence applications with QlikView 11
Successful business intelligence : unlock the value of BI & big data
Agent Mediated Electronic Commerce : The European AgentLink Perspective
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-workshop proceedings of the Second International Conference on the Practice and Theory of Automated Timetabling, PATAT'97, held in Toronto, Canada, in August 1997. The 17 revised full papers presented were carefully selected for presentation at the conference and then had to pass a second round of reviewing. The book is divided into topical sections on surveys, tabu search and simulated annealing, evolutionary computation (population-based methods), constraint-based methods, graph theory, and practical issues.
Mapping strategic knowledge
Business intelligence and management control
Given the broad popularity of Internet technology, even in its present immature state, and also the recent progress made towards a human-centered view of information technology, the time now seems ripe to essentially extend the scope and power of enterprise information systems. This carefully arranged book concentrates on the relationships between coordination technology and business application requirements and introduces general elements of a cooperative infrastructure allowing for the construction of collaborative applications. It is essential reading for research and development professionals active in the area as well as for IT managers interested in applying this promising new technology in order to remain competitive in the future.
Information Extraction in the Web Era : Natural Language Communication for Knowledge Acquisition and Intelligent Information Agents
Mobile Agents for Telecommunication Applications : Second International Workshop, MATA 2000 Paris, France, September 18–20, 2000 Proceedings
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : First International Conference, ICCBR-95 Sesimbra, Portugal, October 23–26, 1995 Proceedings
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : Third International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR-99 Seeon Monastery, Germany, July 27-30, 1999 Proceedings
Real-life knowledge management : lessons from the field
This carefully arranged book is mainly based on work done by the Intelligent Systems Research Group at BT Laboratories, essentially in cooperation with internationally leading scientists from outside BT. It opens with a detailed introduction surveying the area and putting the work presented in context. Conceptual issues surrounding intelligent agents and multi-agent systems are investigated and the practical and industrial applicability of this exciting new technology is demonstrated. One section is devoted to the rationale, philosophy, and techniques of the emerging area of soft computing. The final section outlines the broader context in dealing with machine intelligence in general and intelligent software systems in particular.
The Intelligent corporation : the privatisation of intelligence
Database and Expert Systems Applications : 10th International Conference, DEXA’99 Florence, Italy, August 30 – September 3, 1999 Proceedings
Community Computing and Support Systems : Social Interaction in Networked Communities
The emotionally intelligent workplace : how to select for measure, and improve emotional intelligence in individuals, groups, and organizations
This two-volume set constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Industrial and Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence and Expert Systems, IEA/AIE-98, held in Benicassim, Castellon, Spain, in June 1998.The two volumes present a total of 187 revised full papers selected from 291 submissions. In accordance with the conference, the books are devoted to new methodologies, knowledge modeling and hybrid techniques. The papers explore applications from virtually all subareas of AI including knowledge-based systems, fuzzyness and uncertainty, formal reasoning, neural information processing, multiagent systems, perception, robotics, natural language processing, machine learning, supervision and control systems, etc.
Advances in Case-Based Reasoning : 6th European Conference, ECCBR 2002 Aberdeen, Scotland, UK, September 4–7, 2002 Proceedings
Big data analytics : disruptive technologies for changing the game
The profit impact of business intelligence
Business intelligence : making decisions through data analytics
Model of big data failure: review of information system failure
Effective strategy execution : improving performance with business intelligence
Progress in Case-Based Reasoning : First United Kingdom Workshop Salford, UK, January 12, 1995 Proceedings
Case-Based Reasoning Technology : From Foundations to Applications
Proceedings of the 2011 International Conference on Informatics, Cybernetics, and Computer Engineering (ICCE2011) November 19-20, 2011, Melbourne, Australia : Volume 1: Intelligent Control and Network Communication
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases, DOOD'97, held in Montreux, Switzerland, in December 1997. The 22 revised full papers presented in this book were selected from a total of 59 submissions. Also included are abstracts or full versions of three invited talks and three tutorials and six short presentations. The papers are organized in topical sections on materialized view maintenance, extending DBMs features, database updates, managing change in object databases, semantics of active databases, formal semantics, and new directions.
Database and Expert Systems Applications : 5th International Conference, DEXA '94 Athens, Greece, September 7–9, 1994 Proceedings
Assessing competitive intelligence software : a guide to evaluating CI technology
Discovery Science : Second International Conference, DS’99 Tokyo, Japan, December 6–8, 1999 Proceedings
"Many companies are unsure exactly what business analytics is and how it can be used to improve their performance.  Much of the material currently in the marketplace is technical in nature.  This book's focus is not on the technical aspects of business analytics but takes a business holistic approach. It provides an explanation of what business analytics is and how it should be important to people in sales, marketing, management, finance, HR, production as well as analysis and controlling. This book provides a business analytics model that focuses on the interaction of IT technology, strategy, business processes, and a broad spectrum of human competencies, organizational circumstances, and cooperation across the organization.    This book will be comprised of nine chapters: (1) The Business Analytics Model; (2) Business Analytics at the Strategic Model; (3) Development and Deployment of Information at a Functional Level; (4) Business Analytics at an Analytical Level; (5) Business Analytics at the Data Warehouse Level; (6) The Company's Collection of Source Data; (7) The Structuring of a Business Intelligence Competency Center; (8) Assessment and Prioritization of Business Analytics Projects; and (9) Business Analytics in the Future."--
Artificial Intelligence in Medicine : Joint European Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Medicine and Medical Decision Making, AIMDM'99 Aalborg, Denmark, June 20–24, 1999 Proceedings
"Lead your organization into the industrial revolution of analytics with The Analytics RevolutionThe topics of big data and analytics continue to be among the most discussed and pursued in the business world today. While a decade ago many people still questioned whether or not data and analytics would help improve their businesses, today virtually no one questions the value that analytics brings to the table. The Analytics Revolution focuses on how this evolution has come to pass and explores the next wave of evolution that is underway. Making analytics operational involves automating and embedding analytics directly into business processes and allowing the analytics to prescribe and make decisions. It is already occurring all around us whether we know it or not. The Analytics Revolution delves into the requirements for laying a solid technical and organizational foundation that is capable of supporting operational analytics at scale, and covers factors to consider if an organization is to succeed in making analytics operational. Along the way, you'll learn how changes in technology and the business environment have led to the necessity of both incorporating big data into analytic processes and making them operational. The book cuts straight through the considerable marketplace hype and focuses on what is really important. The book includes: An overview of what operational analytics are and what trends lead us to them Tips on structuring technology infrastructure and analytics organizations to succeed A discussion of how to change corporate culture to enable both faster discovery of important new analytics and quicker implementation cycles of what is discovered Guidance on how to justify, implement, and govern operational analytics The Analytics Revolution gives you everything you need to implement operational analytic processes with big data"--
Business analytics for managers : taking business intelligence beyond reporting
The first International Conference on Intelligent Tutoring Systems (ITS) was held ten years ago in Montreal (ITS ’88). It was so well received by the international community that the organizers decided to do it again in Montreal four years later, in 1992, and then again in 1996. ITS ’98 differs from the previous ones in that this is the first time the conference has been held outside of Montreal, and it’s only been two years (not four) since the last one. One interesting aspect of the ITS conferences is that they are not explicitly bound to some organization (e.g., IEEE or AACE). Rather, the founder of these conferences, Claude Frasson, started them as a means to congregate researchers actively involved in the ITS field and provide a forum for presentation and debate of the most currently challenging issues. Thus the unifying theme is science. This year’s “hot topics” differ from those in the earlier ITS conferences as they reflect ever changing trends in ITS research. A few of the issues being examined at ITS ’98 include: Web based tutoring systems, deploying ITS in the real world, tutoring and authoring tools, architectures, and knowledge structure and representation.
Mobile agents refer to self-contained and identi?able computer programs that can move within the network and can act on behalf of the user or another entity. Most of the current research work on the mobile agent paradigm has two general goals: reduction of network traf?c and asynchronous interaction. These two goals stem directly from the desire to reduce information overload and to ef?ciently use network resources. There are certainly many motivations for the use of a mobile agent paradigm; h- ever, intelligent information retrieval, network and mobility management, and network services are currently the three most cited application targets for a mobile agent system. The aim of the workshop is to provide a unique opportunity for researchers, software and application developers, and computer network technologists to discuss new dev- opments in the mobile agent technology and applications. After last year’s very successful workshop in Ottawa, Canada (110 attendees), this year’s workshop will focus on mobile agent issues across the areas of network m- agement, mobile applications, nomadic computing, e-commerce, ad-hoc networks and applications, feature interactions, Internet applications, QoS management, policybased management, interactive multimedia, and computer–telephony integration.
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 6th European Conference on Symbolic and Quantitative Approaches to Reasoning with Uncertainty, ECSQARU 2001, held in Toulouse, France in September 2001. The 68 revised full papers presented together with three invited papers were carefully reviewed and selected from over a hundred submissions. The book offers topical sections on decision theory, partially observable Markov decision processes, decision-making, coherent probabilities, Bayesian networks, learning causal networks, graphical representation of uncertainty, imprecise probabilities, belief functions, fuzzy sets and rough sets, possibility theory, merging, belief revision and preferences, inconsistency handling, default logic, logic programming, etc.
This book deals with an important topic in distributed AI: the coordination of autonomous agents' activities. It provides a framework for modelling agents with planning and communicative competence. Important issues in the book are: - How to recognize and reconcile conflicting intentions among a collection of agents. - How to recognize and take advantage of favorable interactions. - How to enable individual agents to represent and reason about the actions, plans, and knowledge of other agents in order to coordinate with them. - When to call a set of plans coordinated and what operations are possible to transform uncoordinated plans into coordinated ones. - How to enable agents to communicate and interact: what communication languages or protocols to use, and what and when to communicate. The book is clearly written with many examples and background material.
Reinforcement and systemic machine learning for decision making
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
This book constitutes revised selected papers from the 11th International Conference on Web Information Systems and Technologies, WEBIST 2015, held in Lisbon, Portugal, May 20-22, 2015, organized by the Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication (INSTICC), and technically sponsored by the European Research Center for Information Systems (ERCIS). The purpose of the WEBIST series of conferences is to bring together researches, engineers and practitioners interested in technological advances and business applications of web-based information systems. The 17 full papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected originally 115 paper submissions. They were organized in topical sections names: web interfaces and applications; internet technology; society, e-business and e-government; web intelligence; and mobile information systems. .
The Internet is spawning many new markets and electronic commerce is changing many market conventions. Not only are old commercial practices being adapted to the new conditions of immediacy brought forth by the global networks, but new products and services, as well as new practices, are beginning to appear. There is already ample evidence that agent-based technologies will be crucial for these - velopments. However many theoretical, technological, sociological, and legal - pects will need to be addressed before such opportunities become a significant reality. In addition to streamlining traditional transactions, agents enable new types of transactions. For example, the elusive one-to-one marketing becomes more of a - ality when consumer agents capture and share (or sell) consumer demographics. Prices and other transaction dimensions need no longer to be fixed; selling agents can dynamically tailor merchant offerings to each consumer. Economies of scale become feasible in new markets when agents negotiate on special arbitration c- tracts. Dynamic business relationships will give rise to more competitively agile organizations. It is these new opportunities combined with substantial reduction in transaction costs that will revolutionize electronic commerce.
Microsoft® Office 2007 business intelligence : reporting, analysis, and measurement from the desktop
Open source data warehousing and business intelligence
QlikView essentials : want to solve your Business intelligence headaches? Learn how QlikView can help, and discover a powerful yet accessible BI solution that lets you harness your data
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : Second International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR-97 Providence, RI, USA, July 25–27, 1997 Proceedings
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : 7th International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR 2007 Belfast, Northern Ireland, UK, August 13-16, 2007 Proceedings
Competitor analysis : turning intelligence into success
Competitive intelligence : gathering, analysing and putting it to work
The biennial International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning (ICCBR) - ries, which began in Sesimbra, Portugal, in 1995, was intended to provide an international forum for the best fundamental and applied research in case-based reasoning (CBR). It was hoped that such a forum would encourage the g- wth and rigor of the eld and overcome the previous tendency toward isolated national CBR communities. The foresight of the original ICCBR organizers has been rewarded by the growth of a vigorous and cosmopolitan CBR community. CBR is now widely recognized as a powerful and important computational technique for a wide range of practical applications. By promoting an exchange of ideas among CBR researchers from across the globe, the ICCBR series has facilitated the broader acceptance and use of CBR. ICCBR-99 has continued this tradition by attracting high-quality research and applications papers from around the world. Researchers from 21 countries submitted 80 papers to ICCBR-99. From these submissions, 17 papers were selected for long oral presentation, 7 were accepted for short oral presentation, and 19 papers were accepted as posters. This volume sets forth these 43 papers, which contain both mature work and innovative new ideas.
Web Information Systems and Technologies : 11th International Conference, WEBIST 2015, Lisbon, Portugal, May 20–22, 2015, Revised Selected Papers
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Intelligent Data Analysis, IDA-97, held in London, UK, in August 1997. The volume presents 50 revised full papers selected from a total of 107 submissions. Also included is a keynote, Intelligent Data Analysis: Issues and Opportunities, by David J. Hand. The papers are organized in sections on exploratory data analysis, preprocessing and tools; classification and feature selection; medical applications; soft computing; knowledge discovery and data mining; estimation and clustering; data quality; qualitative models.
Business intelligence : enabling self-service : a case study in a global manufacturing company
Improving business data analysis using business intelligence tools and practices
Decision makers in large scale interconnected network systems require simulation models for decision support. The behaviour of these systems is determined by many actors, situated in a dynamic, multi-actor, multi-objective and multi-level environment. How can such systems be modelled and how can the socio-technical complexity be captured? Agent-based modelling is a proven approach to handle this challenge. This book provides a practical introduction to agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems, based on a methodology that has been developed at Delft University of Technology and which has been deployed in a large number of case studies. The book consists of two parts: the first presents the background, theory and methodology as well as practical guidelines and procedures for building models. In the second part this theory is applied to a number of case studies, where for each model the development steps are presented extensively, preparing the reader for creating own models.
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : 8th International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR 2009 Seattle, WA, USA, July 20-23, 2009 Proceedings
The number of research topics covered in recent approaches to Information - traction (IE) is continually growing as new facts are being considered. In fact, while the user’s interest in extracting information from texts deals mainly with the success of the entire process of locating, in document collections, facts of interest, the process itself is dependent on several constraints (e.g. the domain, the collection dimension and location, and the document type) and currently it tackles composite scenarios, including free texts, semi- and structured texts such as Web pages, e-mails, etc. The handling of all these factors is tightly related to the continued evolution of the underlying technologies. In the last few years, in real-world applications we have seen the need for scalable,adaptableIEsystems(seeM.T.Pazienza,“InformationExtraction:- wards Scalable Adaptable Systems”, LNAI 1714) to limit the need for human interventioninthecustomizationprocessandportabilityoftheIEapplicationto new domains. Scalability and adaptability requirements are still valid impacting featuresandgetmorerelevanceintoaWebscenario,whereinintelligentinfor- tionagentsareexpectedtoautomaticallygatherinformationfromheterogeneous sources.
Communities are groupings of distributed objects that are capable of com- nicating, directly or indirectly, through the medium of a shared context. To support communities on a wide scale will require developments at all levels of computing, from low-level communication protocols supporting transparent - cess to mobile objects, through to distributed operating systems, through to high-level programming models allowing complex interaction between objects. This workshop brought together researchers interested in the technical issues of supporting communities. This workshop was the third in the DCW series. The ?rst two, entitled D- tributed Computing on the Web, took place in 1998 and 1999 at the University of Rostock, with proceedings published by the University of Rostock Press. This year, the workshop also incorporated the ISLIP (International Symposium on Languages for Intensional Programming) symposium. The ISLIP symposia have taken place every year since 1988, and have led to two volumes published by World-Scienti?c (Intensional Programming I, 1995, and Intensional Progr- ming II, 2000). While the two conferences emerged from di?erent needs, their focus merged to such an extent that it became clear that a joint conference promised to o?er great opportunities.
Advances in Intelligent Data Analysis Reasoning about Data : Second International Symposium, IDA-97 London, UK, August 4–6, 1997 Proceedings
Analyzing the Requirements of a Reporting Tool with Cognos BI 8
Strategic intelligence : a handbook for practitioners, managers, and users
Discovery Science : 4th International Conference, DS 2001 Washington, DC, USA, November 25–28, 2001 Proceedings
European Workshop on Planning : EWSP ’91, Sankt Augustin, FRG, March 18–19, 1991 Proceedings
Topics in Case-Based Reasoning : First European Workshop, EWCBR-93 Kaiserslautern, Germany, November 1–5, 1993 Selected Papers
Business intelligence systems in local government strategic decision making
Business intelligence requirements in small sized enterprises
Competitor analysis for PowerBike Finland Oy
Business intelligence in decision making in Finnish enterprises
Cooperative Information Agents III : Third International Workshop, CIA’99 Uppsala, Sweden, July 31–August 2, 1999 Proceedings
Business intelligence success factors : tools for aligning your business in the global economy
This book follows on from Natural Computing in Computational Finance  Volumes I, II and III.   As in the previous volumes of this series, the  book consists of a series of  chapters each of  which was selected following a rigorous, peer-reviewed, selection process.  The chapters illustrate the application of a range of cutting-edge natural  computing and agent-based methodologies in computational finance and economics.  The applications explored include  option model calibration, financial trend reversal detection, enhanced indexation, algorithmic trading,  corporate payout determination and agent-based modeling of liquidity costs, and trade strategy adaptation.  While describing cutting edge applications, the chapters are  written so that they are accessible to a wide audience. Hence, they should be of interest  to academics, students and practitioners in the fields of computational finance and  economics.  .
The volume includes a set of selected papers extended and revised from the International Conference on Informatics, Cybernetics, and Computer Engineering. Intelligent control is a class of control techniques, that use various AI computing approaches like neural networks, Bayesian probability, fuzzy logic, machine learning, evolutionary computation and genetic algorithms. Intelligent control can be divided into the following major sub-domains: Neural network control Bayesian control Fuzzy (logic) control Neuro-fuzzy control Expert Systems Genetic control Intelligent agents (Cognitive/Conscious control) New control techniques are created continuously as new models of intelligent behavior are created and computational methods developed to support them. Networks may be classified according to a wide variety of characteristics such as medium used to transport the data, communications protocol used, scale, topology, organizational scope, etc. ICCE 2011 Volume 1 is to provide a forum for researchers, educators, engineers, and government officials involved in the general areas of Intelligent Control and Network Communication to disseminate their latest research results and exchange views on the future research directions of these fields. 90 high-quality papers are included in the volume. Each paper has been peer-reviewed by at least 2 program committee members and selected by the volume editor Special thanks to editors, staff of association and every participants of the conference. It’s you make the conference a success. We look forward to meeting you next year.
Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases : 5th International Conference, DOOD'97 Montreux, Switzerland, December 8–12, 1997 Proceedings
Database and Expert Systems Applications : 4th International Conference, DEXA'93 Prague, Czech Republic, September 6–8, 1993 Proceedings
This book comprises a selection of papers from IFSA 2007 on new methods and theories that contribute to the foundations of fuzzy logic and soft computing. These papers were selected from over 400 submissions and constitute an imp- tant contribution to the theory and applications of fuzzy logic and soft c- puting methodologies. Soft computing consists of several computing paradigms, including fuzzy logic, neural networks, genetic algorithms, and other techniques, which can be used to produce powerful intelligent systems for solving real-world problems. The papers of IFSA 2007 also make a contribution to this goal. This book is intended to be a major reference for scientists and engineers interested in applying new computational and mathematical tools to achieve intelligent solutions to complex problems. We consider that this book can also be used to get novel ideas for new lines of research, or to continue the lines of research proposed by the authors of the papers contained in the book. The book is divided into 14 main parts.Eachpart contains a set of papers on a common subject, so that the reader can ?nd similar papers grouped together. Some of these parts comprise the papers of organized sessions of IFSA 2007 and we thank the session organizers for their incredible job in forming these sessions with invited and regular paper submissions.
The state of Business Intelligence : in Finnish enterprises
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the First International Conference on Discovery Science, DS'98, held in Fukuoka, Japan, in December 1998. The volume presents 28 revised full papers selected from a total of 76 submissions. Also included are five invited contributions and 34 selected poster presentations. The ultimate goal of DS'98 and this volume is to establish discovery science as a new field of research and development. The papers presented relate discovery science to areas as formal logic, knowledge processing, machine learning, automated deduction, searching, neural networks, database management, information retrieval, intelligent network agents, visualization, knowledge discovery, data mining, information extraction, etc.
The phenomenal power of business intelligence : managerial skills for the 21st century
Proactive intelligence : the successful executive's guide to intelligence
Setting up a business intelligence function
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Agent Mediated Electronic Commerce II : Towards Next-Generation Agent-Based Electronic Commerce Systems
Controversies in competitive intelligence : the enduring issues
Abstract.
Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development : 6th International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning, ICCBR 2005, Chicago, IL, USA, August 23-26, 2005. Proceedings
Development of test management reporting concept for Nokia
SAP BusinessObjects BI 4.0 : the complete reference
Natural Computing in Computational Finance : Volume 4
Management knowledge : a critical view
The possibilities for a statistical analysis of student information at Oulu University of Applied Sciences
Focusing Solutions for Data Mining : Analytical Studies and Experimental Results in Real-World Domains
Applications of Evolutionary Computing : EvoWorkshops 2001: EvoCOP, EvoFlight, EvoIASP, EvoLearn, and EvoSTIM Como, Italy, April 18–20, 2001 Proceedings
The 2001 International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning (ICCBR 2001, www.iccbr.org/iccbr01), the fourth in the biennial ICCBR series (1995 in Sesimbra, Portugal; 1997 in Providence, Rhode Island (USA); 1999 in Seeon, Germany), was held during 30 July – 2 August 2001 in Vancouver, Canada. ICCBR is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners of case based reasoning (CBR). The objectives of this meeting were to nurture significant, relevant advances made in this field (both in research and application), communicate them among all attendees, inspire future advances, and continue to support the vision that CBR is a valuable process in many research disciplines, both computational and otherwise. ICCBR 2001 was the first ICCBR meeting held on the Pacific coast, and we used the setting of beautiful Vancouver as an opportunity to enhance participation from the Pacific Rim communities, which contributed 28% of the submissions. During this meeting, we were fortunate to host invited talks by Ralph Bergmann, Ken Forbus, Jaiwei Han, Ramon López de Mántaras, and Manuela Veloso. Their contributions ensured a stimulating meeting; we thank them all.
A transition framework for TIP Trailer Services : How can TIP Trailer Services improve its operational reporting efficiency in terms of time for data analysis by transitioning to a new Business Intelligence software for 30% by the end of 2016?
Managing Flow is a classic and influential text from the revered Professor Ikujiro Nonaka. It was published at a time when there was a great shift towards a knowledge-based economy which has only intensified in recent years, where knowledge is the most important resource, superseding the traditional resources of the land, capital and labour. The book presents the latest developments in knowledge creation and management theory by the leading scholar in the field, expanding on and enriching existing knowledge-based theory. It also presents process theory through 10 case studies of successful global Japanese firms, such as Eisai, Canon, Honda and Toyota. The book provides a framework for a dynamic model of a knowledge-creation organization and demonstrates the conditions and abilities of knowledge-creating leadership. It explores knowledge management as a global concept and is relevant to any company that wants to prosper and thrive in the global knowledge economy. Managing Flow has changed the prevailing view of knowledge management as a branch within IT to an enabler of in-depth learning, advocating for the cultivation and deliberate harnessing of tacit knowledge.
Influence of the War Room method on management decision making : case: Agilent Technologies
Business information systems : analysis, design and practice
Perfectly legal competitor intelligence : how to get it, use it and profit from it
Development and the learning organisation : essays from Development in practice
Business analysis for business intelligence
Design and implementation of a data warehousing solution for analyzing data from ERP systems
It is now no longer necessary to argue the importance of agent technology. Be- des numerous conferences and workshops on speci c aspects of agent technology there are also many companies that are exploring its exploitation possibilities. In the light of these developments and in order to foster the transfer of agent technology from research labs to business, the EU has funded a \network of exc- lence" devoted to agent technology. This network of excellence, called AgentLink (http://www. agentlink. org/), aims at bringing together research groups from d- ferent countries and industrial developers. The ultimate goal is to create synergy among the di erent projects and groups to improve the competence of European industry and the excellence of academia. In order to achieve this goal, Agent- Link organises educational activities (summer schools), builds agent-related - terature repositories, and facilitates collaboration between member nodes. One of the main activities related to the last point are the regular meetings of \S- cial Interest Groups" (SIGs). At this moment six SIGs are functioning, focusing on topics ranging from agent based social simulation to intelligent agents for telecommunications applications and telematics. The current book combines two results from the activities of the SIG on \Agent Mediated Electronic Commerce". This SIG gathers the main research groups and industrial partners interested in the use of agent technology in el- tronic commerce. First and foremost the book contains a roadmap of research and current technological developments in the area of agent-mediated electronic commerce.
This volume contains 3 invited papers, 15 regular papers, and 22 poster papers that were selected for presentation at the Third International Conference on Discovery Science (DS 2000), which was held 4-6 December 2000 in Kyoto. The Program Committee selected the contributed papers from 48 submissions. Three distinguished researchers accepted our invitation to present talks: J- frey D. Ullman (Stanford University), Joseph Y. Halpern (Cornell University), and Masami Hagiya (University of Tokyo). The Program Committee would like to thank all those who submitted papers for consideration and the invited speakers. I would like to thank the Program Committee members, the Local Arrangements Committee members, and the Steering Committee members for their splendid and hard work. Finally, special thanks go to the PC Assistant Shoko Suzuki for her assistance in the development of web pages and the preparation of these proceedings. September 2000 Shinichi Morishita Organization Discovery Science 2000 is organized as part of the activities of the Discovery Science Project sponsored by Grant-in-Aid for Scienti?c Research in the Priority Area from the Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture (MESSC) of Japan, in cooperation with the Japanese Society for Arti?cial Intelligence, and with SIG of Data Mining, Japan Society for Software Science and Technology.
The papers collected in this volume were presented at the 6th European C- ference on Case-Based Reasoning (ECCBR 2002) held at The Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, UK. This conference followed a series of very succe- ful well-established biennial European workshops held in Trento, Italy (2000), Dublin, Ireland (1998), Lausanne, Switzerland (1996), and Paris, France (1994), after the initial workshop in Kaiserslautern, Germany (1993). These meetings have a history of attracting ?rst-class European and international researchers and practitioners in the years interleaving with the biennial international co- terpart ICCBR; the 4th ICCBR Conference was held in Vancouver, Canada in 2001. Proceedings of ECCBR and ICCBR conferences are traditionally published by Springer-Verlag in their LNAI series. Case-Based Reasoning (CBR) is an AI problem-solving approach where pr- lems are solved by retrieving and reusing solutions from similar, previously solved problems, and possibly revising the retrieved solution to re?ect di?erences - tween the new and retrieved problems. Case knowledge stores the previously solved problems and is the main knowledge source of a CBR system. A main focus of CBR research is the representation, acquisition and maintenance of case knowledge. Recently other knowledge sources have been recognized as important: indexing, similarity and adaptation knowledge. Signi?cant knowledge engine- ing e?ort may be needed for these, and so the representation, acquisition and maintenance of CBR knowledge more generally have become important.
Business intelligence techniques : a perspective from accounting and finance
Pro SharePoint 2010 business intelligence solutions
The secret language of competitive intelligence : how to see through and stay ahead of business disruptions, distortions, rumors, and smoke screens
Seven steps to mastering business analysis
Using crystal reports with SAP
Discovery Science : Third International Conference, DS 2000 Kyoto, Japan, December 4–6, 2000 Proceedings
Coordinating Plans of Autonomous Agents
This book addresses the development of a new generation of systems, Knowledge Base Management Systems (KBMS), specially constructed for effective and efficient management of knowledge bases, with the aim of filling part of the technological gap between artificial intelligence and databases. The book first investigates in detail the design process, the architecture, and the working methods of knowledge based systems (KS) in order to point out the key characteristics of the field as well as its current limitations, which serve then as basis for an exact formulation of KS requirements. An analysis and evaluation of other approaches (e.g., conventional DBS, non-standard DBS, coupling expert systems and DBS) to knowledge management is given. The book shows that in developing KBMS, the experience obtained by the investigation of each of these approaches is extremely important since they provide the basic concepts for building KBMS. The approaches should not be viewed as complete and final but as part of research work towards KBMS. A novel architecture is described for KBMS which integrates the functionality, flexibility and modeling power of DBS and AI. The main part of the book deals with all important architectural problems of KBMS: methods for knowledge representation with special emphasis on abstraction concepts, language proposals, and concepts for performance improvement. The book is based on practical experience accumulated over five years of successful research in coupling existing expert systems and DBS, extending DBS with deductive capabilities, and above all in the design and implementation of a KBMS prototype. Thus the book's proposals are illustrated with detailed descriptions of their realization in existing systems or prototypes.
Discovey Science : First International Conference, DS’98 Fukuoka, Japan, December 14–16, 1998 Proceedings
These are the conference proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Discovery Science (DS 2001). Although discovery is naturally ubiquitous in s- ence, and scientific discovery itself has been subject to scientific investigation for centuries, the term Discovery Science is comparably new. It came up in conn- tion with the Japanese Discovery Science project (cf. Arikawa's invited lecture on The Discovery Science Project in Japan in the present volume) some time during the last few years. Setsuo Arikawa is the father in spirit of the Discovery Science conference series. He led the above mentioned project, and he is currently serving as the chairman of the international steering committee for the Discovery Science c- ference series. The other members of this board are currently (in alphabetical order) Klaus P. Jantke, Masahiko Sato, Ayumi Shinohara, Carl H. Smith, and Thomas Zeugmann. Colleagues and friends from all over the world took the opportunity of me- ing for this conference to celebrate Arikawa's 60th birthday and to pay tribute to his manifold contributions to science, in general, and to Learning Theory and Discovery Science, in particular. Algorithmic Learning Theory (ALT, for short) is another conference series initiated by Setsuo Arikawa in Japan in 1990. In 1994, it amalgamated with the conference series on Analogical and Inductive Inference (AII), when ALT was held outside of Japan for the first time.
This book constitutes the refereed post-workshop proceedings of the AISB International Workshop on Evolutionary Computing, held in Manchester, UK, in April 1997. The 22 strictly reviewed and revised full papers presented were selected for inclusion in the book after two rounds of refereeing. The papers are organized in sections on evolutionary approaches to issues in biology and economics, problem structure and finite landscapes, evolutionary machine learning and classifier systems, evolutionary scheduling, and more techniques and applications of evolutionary algorithms.
Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009 : professional reporting
Business intelligence using SAP business objects
This monograph integrates AI and decision-theoretic approaches to the representation of planning problems by developing a first-order logic of time, chance, and action for representing and reasoning about plans. The semantics of the logic incorporates intuitive properties of time, chance, and action central to the planning problem. The logical language integrates both modal and probabilistic constructs and allows quantification over time points, probability values, and domain individuals. The language can represent the chance that facts hold and events occur at various times and that actions and other events affect the future. An algorithm for the problem of building construction planning is developed and the logic is used to prove the algorithm correct.
Symbolic and Quantitative Approaches to Reasoning with Uncertainty : 6th European Conference, ECSQARU 2001 Toulouse, France, September 19–21, 2001 Proceedings
Staying ahead of the competition : how firms really manage their competitive intelligence and knowledge; evidence from a decade of rapid change
Towards business-driven business intelligence : alignment between business and BI
The potential of location intelligence solutions in Finland : towards combining geographical information system and business intelligence
ICT Innovations 2015 : Emerging Technologies for Better Living
