http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9224 damages (destruction)
damages (destruction)
The art of war
Self-harm among young people : a literature review
Books on fire : the tumultuous story of the world's great libraries
Risk of bark beetle (Coleoptera, Scolytidae) damage in a spruce forest restoration area in central Finland
Recorded and potential alien invertebrate pests in Finnish agriculture and horticulture
Fictions of nuclear disaster
On the third day
Station eleven : a novel
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Lost libraries : the destruction of great book collections since antiquity
The Atlantis plague
London Bridges
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
"The forests of West Africa are complex, beautiful and under continued threat of over exploitation. This monograph, in its second edition, remains the only comprehensive source of information on economically important forest insects in West Africa. Many pest insects discussed in this book have the potential to greatly alter the utilization of these valuable tropical forests. Several key pests such as mahogany shoot borer, odum gallfly and pests of endangered tree species like Pericopsis, are extensively discussed. This comprehensive treatise of insects includes information on the general forest cover types and insects of utilitarian value. The book will be a great value to foresters, forest entomologists, researchers, conservation biologists and others with a basic biological interest in West Africa forests"--P. [4] of cover.
The occurrence of moose damage was studied using data from three National Forest Inventories (NFIs) accomplished between 1986 and 2008 in Finland. The combined data included a total of 97 390 young stands. The proportion of moose damage increased from 3.6% to 8.6% between the 8th NFI (1986-1994) and the 10th NFI (2004-2008). The majority (75%) of the damage occurred in Scots pine-dominated stands. The proportion of damage was higher in aspen-dominated stands than in stands dominated by any other tree species. The tree species mixture also had a clear effect on the occurrence of damage. Pure Scots pine stands had less damage than mixed Scots pine stands, and moose damage decreased linearly with the increasing proportion of Scots pine. Stands on mineral soil had more frequent moose damage than stands on peatlands. The fertility class of the site had no straightforward effect on the damage frequency. Artificially regenerated stands had more damage than naturally regenerated stands. Accomplished soil preparation measures and the need for thinning or clearing operations increased moose damage. High proportions of moose damage in young stands were found around the country. In the 10th NFI, the largest concentration of damage was found in southwestern Finland. Our study shows the temporal and spatial changes in the occurrence of moose damage and pinpoints some important silvicultural factors affecting the relative risk of young stands over a large geographical area..
Impacts of strong winds, heavy snow loads and soil frost conditions on the risks to forests in Northern Europe
Impacts of climate change on range expansion by the mountain pine beetle
Nest predation in Blackbirds (Turdus merula) and the influence of nest characteristics
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
Bark beetle-associated fungi in Fennoscandia with special emphasis on species of Ophiostoma and Grosmannia
Man and society in calamity : the effects of war, revolution, famine, pestilence upon human mind, behavior, social organization and cultural life
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
House demolition and mental health : victims and witnesses
Living with storm damage to forests
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Advances in the protection of museum collections from earthquake damage : papers from a symposium held at the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Villa on May 3- 4, 2006
Assessing the critical level of SO[sub 2] for Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in northern Europe on the basis of needle sulphur fractions, sulphur/nitrogen ratios and needle damage
Christian conceptions of Jewish books : the Pfefferkorn affair
Modelling the factors predisposing Scots pine to moose damage in artificially regenerated sapling stands in Finnish Lapland
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Natural disturbances such as insect outbreaks create boundaries that influence vegetation patterns and ecological processes.  To better understand the effects of natural edge creation on relatively intact forests and adjacent disturbed areas, we investigated forest structure on both sides of 30 year-old forest edges created by a spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana Clemens) outbreak in the boreal forest of Cape Breton Highlands National Park, Canada.  Our objectives were: 1) to determine edge influence (compared to interior forest) and forest influence (compared to disturbed areas) on vegetation structure, and 2) to gain insight into the structural development of the edges.  Canopy cover, tree density, radial growth and deadwood were sampled in 5 m x 20 m plots along 120 m transects across six edges.  Randomization tests were used to estimate the magnitude and distance of edge and forest influence.  Narrow transition zones approximately 10 m wide characterized the spruce budworm-induced edges.  Edge influence did not extend into the forest; however, forest influence on structure was detected up to 40 m from the edge into the disturbed area.  We found evidence of the insect outbreak in the form of reduced radial growth during the disturbance across the entire disturbed area-forest gradient, which indicates that spruce budworm activity may not have ceased directly at the edge.  Tree mortality caused by the insect outbreak resulted in snags, many of which have transformed into logs since the outbreak collapsed.  Spruce budworm outbreak-induced forest edges are narrow but dynamic boundaries separating two distinct vegetation communities in the boreal landscape..
“A TEMPORARY SOLUTION TO A PERMANENT PROBLEM ”- how to care for individuals with self-destructive behaviors in open-care.
I believe in unicorns
The eloquent artist : essays on art, art theory and architecture, sixteenth to nineteenth century
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
We investigated if coarse-resolution satellite data from the MODIS sensor can be used for regional monitoring of insect disturbances in Fennoscandia. A damage detection method based on z-scores of seasonal maximums of the 2-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2) was developed. Time-series smoothing was applied and Receiver Operating Characteristics graphs were used for optimisation. The method was developed in fragmented and heavily managed forests in eastern Finland dominated by Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) (pinaceae) and with defoliation of European pine sawfly (Neodiprion sertifer Geoffr.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae) and common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae). The method was also applied to subalpine mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. Czerepanovii N.I. Orlova) forests in northern Sweden, infested by autumnal moth (Epirrita autumnata Borkhausen) and winter moth (Operophtera brumata L.). In Finland, detection accuracies were fairly low with 50% of the damaged stands detected, and a misclassification of healthy stands of 22%. In areas with long outbreak histories the method resulted in extensive misclassification. In northern Sweden accuracies were higher, with 75% of the damage detected and a misclassification of healthy samples of 19%. Our results indicate that MODIS data may fail to detect damage in fragmented forests, particularly when the damage history is long. Therefore, regional studies based on these data may underestimate defoliation. However, the method yielded accurate results in homogeneous forest ecosystems and when long-enough periods without damage could be identified. Furthermore, the method is likely to be useful for insect disturbance detection using future medium-resolution data, e.g. from Sentinel‑2..
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
Survival, height growth and damages of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in field trials located in southern and northern Finland
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Factors affecting the snow and wind induced damage of a montane secondary forest in northeastern China
Insect and marine borer damage to timber and wood-work : recognition, prevention and eradication
Interventions following mass violence and disasters : strategies for mental health practice
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
North Vietnam : a documentary
War in the wild East : the German Army and Soviet partisans
The mark of Athena
The destruction of memory : architecture at war
here is evidence that moose are attracted to fertile growth habitats apparently due to better quality and larger quantities of food. The nutrients in mineral soils originate from the weathering of bedrock and the composition of parental bedrock affects the fertility of produced mineral soil, thus affecting also the import of nutrients into the whole food web. We surveyed the connection between moose damage in forest plantations and the composition of bedrock and surficial deposits in Finnish Lapland. We used a database of compensated moose damage in private forests in years 1997−2010. Undamaged stands in National Forest Inventories (NFI) from years 1986-2008 served as a control data and moose-damaged NFI-stands as a reference data. Bedrock and surficial depositions and the location of studied stands in relation to ancient shorelines were explored by using the digital databases of the Geological Survey of Finland. Moose-damaged stands were concentrated in southwestern and east Lapland in the areas of the Peräpohja Schist Belt and Lapland's Greenstone Belt that are both composed of nutrient-rich rocks. The bedrock of damaged stands contained a higher proportion of mafic and alkaline rocks than did the control stands. Moose-damaged stands were pine-dominated and grew in more fertile forest sites than did control stands. Part of pine stands probably located in soils formerly occupied by spruce, which may increase the stands' vulnerability to biotic threats. Especially, there were relatively more moose damage in pine plantations regenerated on fine-grained mineral soils derived from nutrient rich rocks than in less fertile soils.
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Lost Europe : images of a vanished world
Effects of bedrock and surficial deposit composition on moose damage in young forest stands in Finnish Lapland
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Insect pests and their natural enemies on spring oilseed rape in Estonia : impact of cropping systems
Reed canary grass - observations of effects on crop stand and fibre quality caused by infestation of Epicalamus phalaridis
Rearing codling moth for the sterile insect technique
The atlantis world
Sharp objects : a novel
Challenging disasters : natural reduction in the context of intergovernmental relations
"Beyond Shelter presents 25 reports from the field written by a wide array of experts who are on the frontlines of disaster prevention and recovery around the world. Together, these stories illustrate new ways of thinking, and show how architects have a leading role to play"--Back cover.
Ecologically-based management of rodent pests
Moose damage in National Forest Inventories (1986-2008) in Finland
Memory of water
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
The eye of the falcon
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
A universal history of the destruction of books : from ancient Sumer to modern Iraq
Chimney forests : Kuosku, Magga, Seitajärvi, and Lokka : the destruction of four villages in Finnish Lapland
Influence of clear-cutting on the risk of wind damage at forest edges : a GIS-based integrated models approach
The limit
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Blitzkrieg and books : British and European libraries as casualties of World War II
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
The Bombing war : Europe 1939-1945
A history of bombing
Optimal harvesting for Dahurian Larch plantations under risk of pest outbreak
3. IUFRO-Buchensymposium
The principle of the lesser evil -- the acceptability of pursuing one exceptional course of action in order to prevent a greater injustice -- has long been a cornerstone of Western ethical philosophy. From its roots in classical ethics and Christian theology, to Hannah Arendt's exploration of the work of the Jewish Councils during the Nazi regime, the author explores its development in three key transformations of the problem: the defining intervention of Medecins Sans Frontisres in mid-1980s in Ethiopia ; the separation wall in Israel-Palestine ; and international and human rights law in Bosnia, Gaza and Iraq. Drawing on a wealth of new research, the author charts the latest manifestation of this age-old idea. In doing so he shows how military and political intervention acquired a new humanitarian acceptability and legality in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries.
Black flags and windmills : hope, anarchy, and the Common Ground Collective
Aftermath : World Trade Center archive
Disaster drawn : visual witness, comics, and documentary form
Open Journal of Forestry
Cured
Nation
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
Birdsong
Terror in Meeple City
The least of all possible evils : humanitarian violence from Arendt to Gaza
The son of Neptune
It is assumed that climate change will promote pest invasions and their establishment in new regions. We have updated the list of current alien invertebrate pest species in Finland and produced a list of potential new alien pests using a self-organizing map (SOM) that ranks species in terms of their risk of entry into Finland. The 76 pest species recorded included 66 insects, 5 nematodes, 2 mites and 3 slugs. Nearly half of the alien species appeared to have invaded Finland during the last 48 years. The SOM analysis is considered a viable tool for identification of potentially high-risk invasive pests from among the multitude of potential alien invaders, and represents a useful complement to local expert knowledge-based risk assessment of potentially invasive pests. Along with the comparisons with databases of current and potential pest species, SOM analysis suggests that in the changing climate, the habitats at greatest risk from exotic pests in Finland are horticultural: orchards, ornamental hardy-nursery stocks, landscape and ornamental tree nurseries, and greenhouses.Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
Countdown city
The infinite sea
Artemis Fowl and the Atlantis complex
East Indies episode : an account of the demolitions carried out and of some experiences of the staff in the East Indies oil areas of the Royal Dutch-Shell Group during 1941 and 1942
Beyond shelter : architecture for crisis
Afterwards : [contemporary photography confronting the past]
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Post-dispersal predation on conifer seeds and juvenile seedlings in boreal forest
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
The blood of Olympus
Structural dynamics at boreal forest edges created by a spruce budworm outbreak
Books on fire : the destruction of libraries throughout history
Disaster resilience : an integrated approach
All the bright places
Small-scale differences in the breeding ecology of urban and rural Magpies Pica pica
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
In The Bombing War, Richard Overy gives the first full narrative account of the aerial devastation of the European continent during World War II. From Stalingrad to the ports of the French west coast, from Clydeside to Malta, bombing was experienced by millions of ordinary Europeans. Why the bombing was undertaken and how the bombed societies survived are the two key questions answered in this remarkable book.Before 1939 there were exaggerated ideas about what a bombing war could achieve, with Europeans prepared for a nightmarish and immediate war of obliteration. Bombing was supposed to shorten wars by destroying industry and paralyzing the enemy will. These expectations proved false. Bombing was a long drawn out affair, failed to undermine morale and imposed only limited economic damage. Yet the more bombing failed to deliver the expected knockout blow, the more effort went in to attacking cities and their civilian populations, eroding any legal or moral constraints that had operated at first for the German, British and American air forces. Once the campaigns had started, the momentum for escalation became irreversible, with terrible consequences. The assault of the home front contributed little directly to the outcome of the war but it did distort the strategy of both sides by creating a new sphere for military combat which absorbed huge resources. It was this military dimension of the bombing war that really affected how Britain or Germany or the United States won or lost by 1945.The Bombing War brings together strategy, politics, technology, combat and social policy to understand the real experience of both bombing and being bombed. It strips away the many post-war myths and shows how quickly bombing came to be taken for granted on all sides and the established rules of war, even for liberal democracies, replaced by a moral expediency. --Publisher's description.
Pathogens and other threats to Pinus contorta in northern Sweden
Hydrology of disasters : proceedings of the Technical conference in Geneva organized by the World Meteorological Organization November 1988
Live-storage of Picea abies for two summers after storm felling in Sweden
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
Winter damage and low-temperature fungi on leys in North Finland in 1976-1979
Summary.
Wool
NATO crimes in Yugoslavia : documentary evidence : 24 March - 24 April 1999
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Man-made catastrophes : from the burning of Rome to the Lockerbie crash
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
Forest entomology in West Tropical Africa : forest insects of Ghana
Impacts of natural disturbances on the development of European forest resources : application of model approaches from tree and stand levels to large-scale scenarios
Air pollution and paper deterioration : causes and remedies
Shadowed Ground explores how and why Americans have memorialized—or not—the sites of tragic and violent events spanning three centuries of history and every region of the country. For this revised edition, Kenneth Foote has written a new concluding chapter that looks at the evolving responses to recent acts of violence and terror, including the destruction of the Branch Davidian compound at Waco, Texas, the Oklahoma City bombing, the Columbine High School massacre, and the terrorist attacks of 9/11.
Untamed : a house of night novel
Earthquake protection
History's worst decisions and the people who made them
Temporal and spatial occurrence of strong winds and large snow load amounts in Finland during 1961-2000
Determinants and mental health effects of dream recall among children living in traumatic conditions
Comparison of protection methods of pine stacks against Tomicus piniperda
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Propability of bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) in Austria
The price of war : British policy on German reparations 1941-1949
Old and fresh Gremmeniella abietina damage on Scots pine in eastern Lapland in 1992.
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
The destruction of the museums of Eastern Finland during the Winter War of 1939-49 and its effect on popular memory
The whale that fell in love with a submarine
Community disaster recovery and resiliency : exploring global opportunities and challenges
Blue sticky traps are more efficient for the monitoring of Lygus rugulipennis (Heteroptera, Miridae) than yellow sticky traps
The priest of evil
Sideshow : Kissinger, Nixon and the destruction of Cambodia
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
Shadowed ground : America's landscapes of violence and tragedy
Wicked bugs : the louse that conquered Napoleon’s army & other diabolical insects
The house of Hades
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
Keeper of the bride
Genetic variation in resistance of silver birch to biotic and abiotic stress
Child rights perspective in response to natural disasters in South Asia : a retrospective study
Psychosocial aspects of disaster
Development of a method for monitoring of insect induced forest defoliation - limitation of MODIS data in Fennoscandian forest landscapes
Cost of reproduction in a seed beetle : a quantitative genetic perspective
The Postman
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Fungal facts : solving fungal problems in heritage collections
Why the concerns about chemical and biological warfare and terrorism now?
Preventing suicide : a global imperative
Climate change and range shifts in two insect defoliators : gypsy moth and nun moth : a model study
Storing beetle-killed logs under snow to reduce losses after mountain pine beetle attack
The dire Earth
NATO crimes in Yugoslavia : documentary evidence. 2 : 25 April- 10 June 1999
Community resilience and environmental transitions
Analyses of climatic factors affecting snow mould injury in first-year timothy (Phleum pratense L.) with special reference to Sclerotinia borealis
Wolves, bison... : and the dynamics related to the Peace-Athabasca Delta in Canada's Wood Buffalo National Park
Leaf development and leaf pathogens on subarctic birches after a calamity of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae)
The humans
A collection of photographs documents the destruction done to the World Trade Center in the September 11 attacks and the next nine months of work to clear the debris in Ground Zero.
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
