http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9235 supply of education
supply of education
Essays on dynamic macroeconomics
The barometer of industry's qualification needs 2/98
Governing the school choice : from market mechanisms to equity enabling configurations
Equal opportunity in education : a reader in social class and educational opportunity
The limits and possibilities of schooling : an introduction to the sociology of education
School : a matter of choice
Successful training strategies : twenty-six innovative corporate models
Learning opportunities for adults
Open and distance learning in the EU member states : synthesis report
The immigrant's guide to education in Finland
Curious minds : Nordic adult education compared
Savage inequalities : children in America's schools
Summary.
Training : the competitive edge : introducing new technology into the workplace
The learning society : challenges and trends
Provision of and participation in primary education in the pastoralist regions of Afar and Somali of Ethiopia
What schools for the future?
Education and European competence : ERT study on education and training in Europe
Achieving schooling for all in Africa : costs, commitment, and gender
Forecasting sectors, occupational activities and qualifications in the Federal Republic of Germany : a survey on research activities and recent findings
Education and the culture of consumption : personalisation and the social order
Evaluation of the marketing communications of student-mobility programs at the School of Business Studies of Oulu Polytechnic
Introducing and promoting the new Porvoo Campus in educational fairs
Human resource management : international perspectives in hospitality and tourism
Summary (s. 9-15).
Education's abiding moral dilemma : merit and worth in the cross-Atlantic democracies, 1800-2006
Model for the qualitative aspects of the relationship between labour market and supply of education : the case of higher education : paper presented at the EC Symposium Education/Training and Labour Market Policy, Noordwijkerhout, 28-30 April 1986
Can youth make a difference? : youth policy facing diversity and change
Summary (s. 5-9).
Comparing workforce development systems in Western Europe : England and Finland
Learning for life : how continuous education will keep us competitive in the global knowledge economy
Continuing training in enterprises: facts and figures : a report on the results of the continuing vocational training survey carried out in the enterprises of the Member States of the European Union in 1994
Education for all in times of global transformations : aspirations and opportunities of poor families in marginal areas of Sri Lanka
Indigenous identity and resistance : researching the diversity of knowledge
The educational reform movement of the 1980s : perspectives and cases
International encyclopedia of economics of education
Education and jobs : exploring the gaps
Demand-sensitive schooling? : evidence and issues
The death and life of the great American school system : how testing and choice are undermining education
"For nearly two hundred years the organisational form of the school has changed little. Bureaucracy has been its enduring form. The school has prepared the worker for the factory of mass production. It has created the 'mass consumer' to be content with accepting what is on offer, not what is wanted. However, a 'revised' educational code appears to be emerging. This practice centres upon the concept of 'personalisation', which operates at two levels: first, as a new mode of public service delivery, and second, as a new 'grammar' for the school, with new flexibilities of structure and pedagogical process. Personalisation has its intellectual roots in marketing theory, not in educational theory and is the facilitator of 'education for consumption'. It allows for the 'market' to suffuse even more the fabric of education, albeit under the democratic-sounding call of freedom of choice. Education and the Culture of Consumption raises many questions about personalisation which policy-makers seem prone to avoid:"--
Jobs, training and worker well-being
Oceania : a tourism handbook
Personnel training in Elcoteq SE
Skills for innovation and research
School provision for children of occupational travellers : report on the implementation of measures planned by the Council and the Ministers for Education 22 May 1989-89/C 153/01
The American occupational structure
Providers of education and educational institutions
The economics of education
Toil and trouble : good work, smart workers, and the integration of academic and vocational education
The thesis was carried out as a project. The objective was to attend and organize three different educational fairs for HAAGA-HELIA in Bulgaria, Germany and the Ukraine. The purpose of attending these events was to attract new students to the Porvoo Campus, the brand new building and concept of HAAGA-HELIA in Porvoo. The project consisted of arranging and representing HAAGA-HELIA in the different events. The thesis presents the planning before and after the fair and also evaluates the work of the project manager in the project.    As the events were arranged in Bulgaria, Germany and the Ukraine, it was necessary to travel to these countries in order to participate. The educational fairs took place in the last quarter of 2010. The main goal of the project was to attract students to apply to HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo Campus.     The Porvoo Campus was inaugurated in January 2011 and brings a whole new concept of teaching and learning to the small city of Porvoo. The building reunites two different universities of applied sciences and has an innovative design and architecture to help the students succeed in their careers.    Integrated marketing communications and the organization of a fair are the main parts of the theoretical framework. The author's comments and the sources found in literature give support to the practical part of the study that aims to work as a guide for future events attended by HAAGA-HELIA students.     Feedback of the project and an overview of the project manager's tasks are part of the conclusion. The events were really positive for HAAGA-HELIA and the branding of the new Porvoo Campus.
The Globalisation of school choice?
Good practices for implementing the youth guarantee in the Turku Region
Report on the education of migrants' children in the European Union
The provision and effects of company training : a brief review of the literature
Schools, markets and choice policies
School choice and competition : markets in the public interest?
Evaluation of nonformal education programs : the applicability and utility of the criterion-sampling approach
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Challenges and reforms in vocational education : aspects of inclusion and exclusion
