http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p924 plastic
plastic
Plastics additives : an industrial guide
An alternative fuel for cement production - source separated plastics waste
Architectural material & detail structure : Advanced materials
A survey to conventional and novel flame : retardant techniques in plastics technology = Katsaus yleisimpiin muovimateriaalien palonsuojausmenetelmiin
Customer Relationship Management for Long Wei Plastics & Metal Manufacturing CO. LTD
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
Permeability properties of plastics and elastomers : a guide to packaging and barrier materials
Manual of plastics analysis
Annual book of ASTM standards 2001 : section 8, Plastics. Vol. 08.04, Plastic pipe and building products
The plastics age : from modernity to post-modernity
Gastrow Injection Molds : 130 Proven Designs
Handbook of plastics test methods
"Providing guidelines for implementing sustainable practices for traditional petroleum based plastics, biobased plastics, and recycled plastics, Sustainable Plastics and the Environment explains what sustainable plastics are, why sustainable plastics are needed, which sustainable plastics to use, and how manufacturing companies can integrate them into their manufacturing operations. A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
International plastics handbook : for the technologist, engineering and user
Plastics fundamentals, properties, and testing
The reinforced plastics handbook
Plastics packaging : Properties, processing, applications, and regulations
Extrusion control : machine, process, product
Liquid crystal polymers and their metallizing methods
Abstract.
Modification of commercial poly-lactide for extrusion coated food packaging applications
Plastics extrusion technology
Plastics and composites welding handbook
Market Entry Plan For A Vietnamese Industrial Company : case: European Plastic Joint Stock Company
Handbook of plastics joining : a practical guide
Playmobil collector 1974-2009 : international version 2009.
Conservation of plastics : an introduction to their history, manufacture, deterioration, identification and care
Bakelite : the material of a thousand uses : based on the Brecht Collection
Market survey for environmental technology : case: Ekomuovi Oy
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Upcycled accessories : 25 projects using repurposed plastic
What every engineer should know about developing plastics products
Successful injection molding : process, design and simulation
Incredible Industry : preserving the evidence of industrial society
An introduction to plastics
BPA performance (TOC, BOD and toxicity) during photo-Fenton reaction
A study on life cycle assessment of dental prosthesis
Agening of two-component injection moulded parts = UV-säteilyn vaikutus liitoslujuuteen
Full vinyl : designer toys, urban figures, and more
Blowup : inflatable art, architecture, and design
Plastics flammability handbook : principles, regulations, testing, and approval
Gas-assist injection molding : principles and applications
Handbook of polyethylene : structures, properties, and applications
Ageing of two-component injection moulded parts = UV-säteilyn vaikutus liitoslujuuteen
Plastics failure guide : cause and prevention
Recent advances in the processing of wood-plastic composites
Degradable polymers : principles and applications
Contemporary polymer chemistry
Plastics and rubbers
Thermoplastic foam extrusion : an introduction
Packaging foods with plastics
Comparison of Thermal Insulation Materials
Pure plastic new : materials for today's architectureb
Plastics additives : an industrial guide. Vol. 1
Manufacturing processes for advanced composites
Imagine your world in clay
Annual book of ASTM standards 2001 : section 8, Plastics. Vol. 08.03, Plastics (III) : D 4329 - latest
Biodegrable polymers and plastics
The World of plastics
Improving the fire retardancy of extruded/coextruded wood-plastic composites
Designing with plastics : a report on the state of the art; with 83 illustrations and 5 tables
Yield potential of chive : effects of cultivar, plastic mulch and fertilisation
Plastics. 3, Plastics products
Blends of a thermotropic liquid crystalline polymer and some thermoplastics
Joining of plastics : handbook for designers and engineers
Plastic injection molding : material selection and product design fundamentals
Muovit : sanasto : vocabulary = Plastics
Plastic art : a precarious success story / editor in chief : Thomas Wessel
Moldflow Design Guide : A Resource for Plastic Engineers
Runner and gating design handbook : tools for successful injection molding
Plastics. 1, Terminology and symbols, plastics in general, reinforced plastics
Plastics - methods of test for the determination of the effects of immersion in liquid chemicals
The cellular polypropylene electret material : electromechanical properties
Annual book of ASTM standards 2001 : section 8, Plastics. Vol. 08.01, Plastics (I) : D 256 - D 2343
Beautiful Lego® : wild!
The curing process of layered silicate/epoxy nanocomposites
Additives in polymers
Training in plastics technology : a text- and workbook
Rheology in plastics : quality control
Practical injection molding
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Plastic materials : properties and applications
Modern machine shop's guide to engineering materials
Polymer science and engineering : the shifting research frontiers
Halloween favorites in plastic
Bioplastic production in plastic age : alcaligenes autrophus the bioplastic maker
Handbook of plastics, elastomers, and composites
Russia's market oportunities for Finnish environmental technology : ca
Fiskamin värien synty = Fiskamin färgernas födelse = Fiskamin the birth of colours
Plastics in art : a study from the conservation point of view / Friederike Waentig
Plastic design now
Standard test method for tensile properties of plastics (Metric)1
The Biodegradation of Plastics using Biolan Pikakompostori 220 Composter and by Oxitop BOD7 Measurements
The art & craft of polymer clay : techniques and inspiration for jewellery, beads and the decorative arts
Design data for plastics engineers
Biodegradation and packaging : a literature review
Plastics processing : an introduction
The role of additives in plastics
Ecological plastic materials and their suitability for houseware applications
The language dance around plastic bags
Introduction to industrial polymers
Annual book of ASTM standards 2016 : plastics. Section 8, volume 08.01, Plastics (I): C1147 - D3159
Plastics additives : an industrial guide. Vol. 3
Plastics for the craftsman
Plastics -- Determination of average molecular mass and molecular mass distribution of polymers using size-exclusion chromatography. Part 3, Low temperature model
Evaluation of a bioluminescence method, contact angle measurements and topography for testing the cleanability of plastic surfaces under laboratory conditions
Extrusion dies : design and engineering computations
Plastic wastes : management, control, recycling and disposal
Mervento 3.6-118 Recycling Rate
The art of resin jewelry : layering, casting, and mixed media techniques for creating vintage to contemporary designs
Designing plastic parts for assembly
Plastics : product design and process engineering
Plastics -- Determination of average molecular mass and molecular mass distribution of polymers using size-exclusion chromatography. Part 1, General principles
Flame retardants for plastics and textiles : practical applications
"Because of the recent explosion of interdisciplinary research in renewable polymers, the knowledge base is scattered and it is now timely to have an overview from a respected chemist and successful author. The book focuses on biopolymers as well as low molecular compounds that can be synthesized from renewable polymers. After introducing general aspects of the field, the subsequent chapters then look at the chemistry of biodegradable polymeric types sorted by their chemical compounds, including the synthesis of low molecular compounds. The factors influencing degradation and biodegradation of polymers for food packaging in various environments is detailed at length. The medical applications covered concentrate on controlled drug delivery, temporary prostheses, and scaffolds for tissue engineering. The author then turns his attention to renewable resources for fabricating biofuels and argues for localized biorefineries as biomass feedstocks are more efficiently handled locally"--
Injection-mould design fundamentals
Muovit : sanasto : standardi = Plastics : vocabulary
Plastics. 2, Thermosetting materials, thermoplastic materials, cellular materials
Creep of polypropylene
Plastic packaging waste : Recycling & Waste Minimasation Working Group -workshop proceedings
The influence of fillers on viscoelastic and thermal properties of polyester and vinylester resins
Handbook of elastomers : new developments and technology
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Plastics and coatings : durability, stabilization, testing
Early plastics
Engineering plastics and composites
Foodplas VII-90 : plastics in food packaging : proceedings from the 7th annual Foodplas conference, March 5-8, 1990, New Orleans, Louisiana
Introduction to plastics and composites : mechanical properties and engineering applications
The McGraw-Hill recycling handbook
The chemistry of bio-based polymers
Recycling and sustainable environmental practices in the plastics industry
Plastic films : technology and packaging applications
Modifications of surface materials and their effects on cleanability as studied by radiochemical methods
Plastics : Guidance for the use of standard fire tests
Tiivistelmä: Study on applicability of ZEISS light microscope for polymer structure analysis.
Surface & finish : a directory of materials for interiors
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
Study on applicability of ZEISS light microscope for polymer structure analysis
Procurement Strategy for Oy Scantarp Ab
Introduction to polymers
Plastic materials in installation products : feasibility study
Collectible plastic kitchenware and dinnerware 1935-1965
Manufacturing sandwich structures by means of superplastic forming
Early plastics : perspectives, 1850-1950
Plastic product material and process selection handbook
Plastics : [Kulturhuset Stockholm, 14 Maj-26 September, 1993]
Polymer clay : 20 weekend projects using new and exciting techniques
Invited and Contributing Lectures Presented at the 38th Microsymposium of Polymers held in Prague, Czech Republic, July 14 - 17, 1997
Handbook of plastics analysis / edited by Hubert Lobo, Jose V. Bonilla
Plastics : the environmental challenge
Neste : from oil to plastics
Composite solutions : thermosets and thermoplastics
Plastic coating of plywood using extrusion technique
Extraction of additives from polystyrene and subsequent analysis
Handbook of molded part shrinkage and warpage
Hollow plastic parts : design and manufacture
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
Plastics and sustainability : towards a peaceful coexistence between bio-based and fossil fuel-based plastics
Injection-molded hybrids : characterization of metal-plastic interfacial features
Shrink! Shrank! Shrunk! : make stylish shrink plastic jewelry
High polymers
International plastics handbook : for the technologist, engineer and user
Plastics : how structure determines properties
The first century of plastics : celluloid and its sequel
"A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Star heroes collector 2006 : internationale version 2006.
Design and manufacture of plastic components for multifunctionality : structural composites, injection molding, and 3D printing
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
Plastics recovery in perspective : plastics consumption and recovery in Western Europe 1995.
Plastics -- Determination of average molecular mass and molecular mass distribution of polymers using size-exclusion chromatography. Part 2, Universal calibration method
Annual book of ASTM standards 2001 : section 8, Plastics. Vol. 08.02, Plastics (II) : D 2383 - D 4322
Injection molding processing data
Precision Injection Molding : Process, Materials and Applications
Coloring technology : for plastics
Plastics for corrosion inhibition
Mervento 3.6-118 recycling rate
Polymer clay extravaganza
SUBSTITUTION OF PLASTIC BAG BY JUTE BAG- CASE COMPANY REDQ : Support on Sustainable Environment
Building plastic models
Fatigue of the Orthotropic Layer in Glass Fiber Reinforced Composites
Conservation of plastics : materials science, degradation and preservation / Yvonne Shashoua
Chemically modified and surface structured hydrophobic polyolefins
Understanding compounding
Handbook of plastics analysis
Analysing specific customer segments : case: Uponor Suomi Oy
The Complete Part Design Handbook : For Injection Molding of Thermoplastics
Designing with Plastics
