http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9241 satire
satire
Slaughter-house five
The complete Crumb. Vol. 16, The mid-1980s more years of valiant struggle
Cross country murder song
The man who loved children
The fourth wall
Parkinson's law, and other studies in administration
A small book of grave humour
Fishbowl
THE MASTER AND MARGARITA
Head of state : a political entertainment
The boys. Volume nine : The big ride
The boys. Volume five : Herogasm
Roman thought he'd found the perfect opportunity to rebel. He may have been wrong. He awakens strapped to a set of parallel bars in a richly appointed sitting room, and begins a conversation with a masked man which will change his life. His world has been a facade - one which the mysterious Brahma is about to tear away. A stunning novel about the real world, and about the hidden chanels of power behind the scenes, EMPIRE V is a post-modern satirical novel exploring the cults and corruption of politics, banking and power. And not only are these cults difficult to join - it turns out they may be impossible to leave ...
Sacrifice of fools
It can't happen here
Bucky F*cking Dent : a novel
The dog
The road to Mars : a post-modem novel
The complete Crumb comics. Vol. 10, Crumb advocates violent overthrow
Going postal : a novel of Discworld
Political satire in the Bible
A lion was learning to ski
Cat country
The boys. Volume seven : The innocents
Number 11, or, Tales that witness madness
The death of an owl
Candide : the original classic edition
Widows and orphans : a novel
Hand-drying in America and other stories
True faith
English satire
The field of the cloth of gold
Retired bank manager George Pearmain is, apparently, dead. According to the behaviour of everyone around him, it would seem that he is no more. Not only that, but his mother has passed away too - and on the eve of her 99th year, poor dear. Not only that, it could be that they were both murdered. He feels fine otherwise. As George's family gather for the birthday-celebration-that-never-was, he hovers around the house, watching and listening, entirely unseen. As a result, he makes all sorts of discoveries about himself, his wife Esmeralda and his supposedly happy family ...Screamingly funny and strange, it asks the question: What if you could bear witness to your own demise? How would your nearest and dearest react?
The fatal eggs : a story
The complete Crumb. Volume 9, R. Crumb versus the sisterhood
The sunshine cruise company
Frank Jacobs : five decades of his greatest works
The restraint of beasts
Censorship now!!
Collected poems
The master & Margarita
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Market forces
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Chew. [Vol. 10], Blood puddin'
Cecil B. Demented
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 1, issues 1-10
Before the war
Shopaholic to the rescue : a novel
Let the games begin
Why we suck : a feel good guide to staying fat, loud, lazy and stupid
The boys. Volume eleven : Over the hill with the swords of a thousand men
The map and the territory
Jimfish, or, Ten years on the wrong side of history
The Murdstone trilogy
Empire V : the Prince of Hamlet
The ghost apple : a novel
Dr. Mukti and other tales of woe
Mother night
Silver city
The complete Crumb. Volume 17 : The late-1980s : Cave wimp, Mode O'day, Aline ́ń Bob & other stories, covers, drawings
Brothers
Chew. Vol. 7 : Bad apples
Straight white male
Nanny returns
The lives of things : short stories
Accidental death of an anarchist
The poems, epistles & satires of Alexander Pope
Vanity fair
The master and Margarita
Feet of clay : a Discword novel
The subprimes : a novel
Jailbird : a novel
The ASBO fairy tales
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
Once upon a time... : political fables
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 4
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
The bachelors
Chew. [Vol. 11], The last suppers
Animal farm and 1984
The poor mouth : a bad story about the hard life
The diamond as big as the Ritz and other stories
Chew. [Vol. 12], Sour grapes
Candide and Zadig
A great big shining star
The boys. Volume eight : Highland laddie
The mark and the void / Paul Murray
From out of the city
Plays pleasant
Lost for words
The sirens of Titan
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 2, issues 11-18
Catch-22
Fury
'Hero' Alby flails wildly against the world around him - he punches his sister (she deserved it), "unprotectos" broads (they deserved it and liked it), gets drunk and picks fights (all deserved), defends defenseless creatures both large and small, and spews insults at children, slow drivers, old ladies, and every single surviving member of his family. In each of these stories Alby distills the anguish, the terror, the humor, and the strange grace - or lack of - he experiences in the aftermath of his mother's death. Swirling at the center of Alby's rage is a grief so big, so profound, it might swallow him whole. As he drinks, screws, and jokes his way through his pain and heartache, Alby's anger, his kindness, and his capacity for good bubble up when he (and we) least expect it. Sumell delivers "a naked rendering of a heart sorting through its broken pieces to survive".
The weeping women hotel
Goddess of buttercups and daisies
Every boy should have a man
Hitchhiker's guide to the Galaxy
The boys. Volume ten : Butcher, baker, candelstickmaker
The complete Major Bummer super slacktacular
The apologist
The hilltop
Your heart is a muscle the size of a fist
A vicious circle
Chew. [Vol. 8] : family recipes
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
A Bloodsmoor romance
Rant : an oral biography of Buster Casey
Billy Lynn's long halftime walk
Erewhon and Erewhon revisited
Break in case of emergency
Failures by design : the transparent author in English satire from Marprelate to Pope
Christ's entry into Brussels : (in the year 2000 and something, or thereabouts)
12 stuljev = The twelve chairs
The yellow arrow
Arms and the man
Jacques Tati : the ultimate complete collection
A criminal feigns insanity and is admitted to a mental hospital where he challenges the autocratic authority of the head nurse.
Love in the time of cholera
Look who's back
The boys. Volume six : The self-preservation society
