http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9240 parody
parody
The shepherd's crown
77 rusty trombones
The Bolds
The case of the not-so-nice nurse
Sense and sensibility and sea monsters
The order of the stick. [Vol. 1] : Dungeon crawling fools
Hitchhiker's guide to the Galaxy
Preacher. Book 4 : Ancient history / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Pugh, Carlos Ezquerra, Richard Case, artists
Little vampire women
Starr the Slayer : a Starr is born
Life, the universe and everything
Feet of clay : a Discword novel
Come be my O.R.G.Y
Men at arms
Doctor Whom : or ET shoots and leaves
The best of Blowfly : The analthology
Molvanîa : a land untouced by modern dentistry ..
Running with scissors
Bored of the Rings : parodying fantasy and Tolkien
Dare to be stupid
The wimpy vampire strikes back
Salainen agentti 86 : the complete series
The order of the stick. [Vol. 3] : War and XPs
Star warped
Breaking down
Fairy tales for angry little girls
Tommy Storm
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 03
UHF : Original motion picture soundtrack and other stuff
Wuthering bites
The book of unwritten tales 2 : Wii U
The hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy : volume one in the trilogy of five
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 06
I shall wear midnight : a Discworld novel
What really happened to the band of '59
Cutting Their Own Groove
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 02
The adventures of Superhero Girl
"When Arthur Conan Doyle killed off his fictional sleuth in the 1893 story "The Final Problem," distraught readers resorted to producing their own versions of Sherlock Holmes's adventures, thus inventing the now-common genre of fan fiction. These tales by famous and lesser-known devotees offer the best of early Sherlockian tributes and parodies. Editor Douglas G. Greene's informative Introduction provides background on each of the stories and their authors. The collection begins with Robert Barr's "The Great Pegram Mystery," a satire that appeared less than a year after the very first Holmes short story. Thirteen additional tales include Bret Harte's "The Stolen Cigar Case," praised by Ellery Queen as "one of the most devastating parodies" ever written about the Baker Street investigator; Mark Twain's "A Double-Barrelled Detective Story," featuring Holmes's nephew, Fetlock Jones; and "The Sleuths," by O. Henry, in which a bumbling New York private eye struggles to outshine a rival"
Off the deep end
Rewritten literary classic : Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
Famous writers school
Bored of the rings : a parody of J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings
The wee free men
Mansfield park and mummies : monster mayhem, matrimony, ancient curses, true love, and other dire delights
Struggling and clowning in Wall Street : identity, parody and critique through Olive Stone’s films (1987, 2010)
The ASBO fairy tales
Nextwave: Agents of H.A.T.E. Vol.1 : This is what they want
... and the horse you rode in on
I, soddit : The sodditobiography of Bingo Grabbins or, there! - a book. Again. A midsummerearth murder
Rapid reflexes : Collected strips 1984-1989
The truth
Walk hard : the Dewey Cox story
The restaurant at the end of the universe
The Landlord's book of British common sence
Meanwhile... back in the States
Who killed Chloe?
The last hero : a discworld fable
The hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy
William Shakespeare's Star Wars
The order of the stick. [Vol. -1] : Start of darkness
Doctor Who : shroud of sorrow
Never trust a City Slicker
Look who's back
Doctor Who : the forever trap
Jane Eyrotica
The hunger pains
Solo : the deluxe edition
The vacant casualty
Barry Trotter and the shameless parody
The dumb bunnies
The good, the bad, and the Munchkin
Munchkin : Impossible
I believe in Sherlock Holmes : early fan fiction from the very first fandom
The carpet people
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
Wyrd sisters : a discworld novel
The order of the stick. [Vol. 2] : No cure for the paladin blues
Munchkin : Zombies
The rest of us just live here
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 04
Greatest hits 2
Look at the harlequins!
Pride and prejudice and zombies : dreadfully ever after
Revolting rhymes
Barry Trotter and the dead horse
Rabbinic parodies of Jewish and Christian literature
"Weird Al" Yankovic's greatest hits
Greatest hits
The book of unwritten tales 2 : PlayStation 4
Nextwave: Agents of H.A.T.E. Vol. 2 : I kick your face
The order of the stick. [Vol. 0] : On the origin of PCs
The order of the stick. [Vol. 4] : Don't split the party
Osobennosti natsionalnoi rybalki : Specialities of national fishing
Frank Einstein and the electro-finger
Hatchett and Lycett
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 05
Adulthood is a myth : a "Sarah's scribbles" collection
Doctor Who : new adventures
Farmer Giles of Ham : ..the rise and wonderful adventures of Farmer Giles, Lord of Tame, Count of Worminghall and King of the Little Kingdom
Nextwave: Agents of H.A.T.E. : Ultimate collection
The book of unwritten tales 2 : Xbox One
Fifty shades of chicken
Baking bad : Great recipes. No meth-in around
You are Maggie Thatcher : A dole-playing game
Tales designed to thrizzle. Volume two
Highway to Hell
Mein rant  : a summary in light verse of Mein Kampf
The chronicles of Blarnia : the lying bitch in the wardrobe : a story for the childish
MAD's greatest artists : Sergio Aragones : Five decades of his finest works
The men who stare at goats
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Inherent vice
Dirk Gently's holistic detective agency : the interconnectedness of all kings
The melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-chan : the untold adventures of the SOS brigade. 07
Essex county
Bighead
Madwoman of the sacret heart
Doctor Who : Inferno
The Bakers : do these toys belong somewhere?
Sloth : [and how to get it]
