http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9244 stand-up comedy
stand-up comedy
Rowan Atkinson live
Classic album collection plus
Conan O'Brien can't stop
Greatest comedy hits
So you think you're funny? : a students' guide to improv comedy
The family that plays together... (gets on each other's nerves)
Jamie Grimm has finally accomplished his dream of proving himself the Planet's Funniest Kid Comic, and the sky's the limit from there. Enter a couple of TV executives with a huge plan for Jamie: a new show about Jamie and his oddball friends!. / WorldCat.
Seriously--I'm kidding
Getting the joke : the inner workings of stand-up comedy
Off the mic : the world's best stand-up comedians get serious about comedy
Be a great stand-up
Stand-up for anthropology : comedy and performing knowledge on stage
I can barely take care of myself : tales from a happy life without kids
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Comedian
Poking a dead frog : conversations with today's top comedy writers
This filthy world
Attempting normal
The comedy bible : the complete resource for aspiring comedians
Fart and wiener jokes
The comedy bible : from stand-up to sitcom - the cody writers ultimate how-to guide
Seriously...I'm kidding
Why is John Lennon wearing a skirt : and other stand-up theatre plays
The secret policeman's ball : Radio City Music Hall 4 March 2012
Truth in comedy : the manual of improvisation
The Tommy Cooper joke book
The everything guide to comedy writing : from stand-up to sketch, all you need to succeed in the world of comedy
Step by step to stand-up comedy
The Anthology 1968-1992
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Bits and pieces : live fron Orange County
Jeff Dunham : arguing with myself
Comedy rules : from the Cambridge footlights to Yes prime minister
How to do it standing up : The Friars club guide to being a comic, a cut-up a card, or a clown
The girl with the lower back tattoo
"But why does he have to swear so much?" : the use of swearwords in Bill Hicks' stand-up comedy
We are miracles
Zen and the art of stand-up comedy
The humorist
Cosmologies of comedic power : a little invention goes a long way
Baggy pants comedy : burlesque and the oral tradition
Performing marginality : humor, gender, and cultural critique
Funny people
Comedy techniques : an introduction for aspiring comedians
The Berkeley Concert
Four classic albums plus bonus tracks
Comic analogy and parallelism in 'alternative' stand-up comedy
Parallelism in verbal art and performance : pre-print papers of the seminar-workshop 26th–27th May 2014, Helsinki, Finland
I only roast the ones I love : how to bust balls without burning bridges
The Carnegie Hall concert
Rowan "Mr. Bean" Atkinson live!
The Aristocrats
Looks like another brown trousers job
Dave Chappelle's block party / directed by Michel Gondry ; director of photography Ellen Kuras
I even funnier : a middle school story
The best stand-up and comedy routines
The Lenny Bruce originals. Volume 2
Stand up & sock it to them sister : funny, feisty females
"Oh my God, that nigger said gun!" : use of ethnic humor in modern stand-up comedy
How to do it standing up : the Friars Club guide to being a cut-up, a card, a character or a clown
Standup comic
Beyond a joke : inside the dark world of stand-up comedy
Performer-audience interaction in stand-up comedy : breaches and reintegration as active orientation to the institutional context
Stand-up comedy in theory, or, Abjection in America
The Omid Djalili show. Kausi 1
Storytelling performance is everywhere on the stage today: from the schtick of the stand-up comedian to the harrowing stories of verbatim theatre. This is the first book to take a comparative approach to these diverse forms to address the related questions of how story worlds are created on stage and what happens when spectators experience storytelling. Tom Maguire draws on an international range of storytelling performances to identify commonalities and distinctions, with examples including work by Anna Deavere Smith, Dario Fo, Franca Rame, Bobby Baker and Billy Connolly. He argues that storytelling performance can be characterized by the prominence of three specific factors: the degree of emphasis on narration in performance; the use of specific (epic and post-epic) modes of performance; and the immediate reciprocity of the relationship between the teller and the audience. His case study method generates detailed discussions and draws out conclusions with widespread application.
The Three amigos
The Girl with the lower back tattoo
It's not funny
How I escaped my certain fate : the life and deaths of a stand-up comedian
Arguing with myself
The secrets to writing great comedy
Sick in the head : conversations about life and comedy
Evolution : the early years (1966-1974)
Stand-up : on being a comedian
Taking readers inside the burlesque houses of Depression-era America, Davis explores the role of comedy in a show remembered mostly for strip-tease. It examines how burlesque comics, straightmen, and talking women approached the craft of comedy, working in a genre that relied on a remembered tradition of comedy bits that circulated orally.
Les Dawson's joke book
I funny TV : a middle school story
Performing story on the contemporary stage
The Omid Djalili Show. Kausi 1.
