http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9247 vegetable products
vegetable products
Results of the Finnish selenium monitoring program 2000-2001
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Marguerite Patten's book of of fruit and vegetable cookery : and eggs, cheese, bacon, pickles, chutneys, jams, home-made wines
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2002 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Handling and preservation of fruits and vegetables by combined methods for rural areas : technical manual
The Conran cookbook
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2004 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Vegetables, whole grains, and their derivatives in cancer prevention
Pesticide monitoring in Finland 1998 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Cabbage for human consumption
Food : the gift of Osiris. Vol. 2
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2005 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2003 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Food chemistry
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
The visual food encyclopedia
Pesticide monitoring in Finland 1999 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Pesticide monitoring in Finland 1997 : fruit and vegetables
The formation and antimicrobial activity of nisin and plant derived bioactive components in lactic acid bacteria fermentations
Pesticide monitoring in Finland 2000 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Food science
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Proceedings of the Eighth International ISHS Symposium on Processing Tomato : Istanbul, Turkey, 8-10 June 2002
Effect of salt iodization on the quality of pickled vegetables
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2006 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Functional foods and nutraceuticals
1001 foods you must try before you die : [a global guide to the best ingredients]
Pesticide monitoring in Finland 2001 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Principles of food sanitation
