http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9255 paid work
paid work
The revaluation of women's work
The history of work
Is there scope for gains from revenue-neutral labour tax reforms with flexible outsourcing?
Industrial peace in our time
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
The end of work : the decline of the global labor force and the dawn of the post-market era
Outsourcing and labor taxation in dual labor markets
Work/family interface : perspectives and solutions : a literature review
To each one's due at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
A grammar of the multitude : for an analysis of contemporary forms of life
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Work, consumerism and the new poor
The political and social economy of care in a development context : conceptual issues, research questions and policy options
Work-family arrangements in Europe
Bodies at work
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Part-time work and deviant behaviour among Finnish adolescents
The book makes an original and innovative contribution to the study of child and elder care in that it analyses new tensions that are related to different types and dimensions of care in the context of recent welfare state reforms. It provides insight into the history of theoretical concepts related to care, and the theoretical framework of 'tensions'. Analyses relate to new tensions that are connected with different types of formal and informal child and elderly care, and with migration related to care. Also, tensions within care cultures, and between the cultural and the institutional framework of care are analysed. Moreover, it is shown if and under which conditions welfare state reforms have contributed to strengthen existing tensions or even to create new tensions, and under which conditions they have contributed to relax such tensions. The volume brings together high-ranking experts in the field of research on welfare and work from different disciplines and from different European countries.
Were the women of Kotka tough?
Developing sectoral strategies to address : gender pay gaps
Constructing collective identities by narratives : women's memories of work during the Second World War in Finland
Critique of economic reason
Changing gender relations, changing families : tracing the pace of change over time
Women in relief work : female unemployment in Helsinki before World War II
Economic analysis of active measures for those who are difficult to employ : Cases: highest-level increased pay subsidy and rehabilitative work activity
Wage structures, employment adjustments and globalization : evidence from linked and firm-level panel data
Essays on the determinants of self-employment
Single mothers in an international context : mothers or workers?
European women in paid employment : their perception of discrimination at work
Painspots in the future of work
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
The sociology of work : continuity and change in paid and unpaid work
Abstract: Vocational training and qualifications.
Job search and wage bargaining
Unions, wages and employment in Finland
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Stability and dynamics in an overlapping generations economy with flexible wage negotiations
Women and paid work in Ireland, 1500-1930
The theory of wages
Alternation between self-employment and wage work in rural and urban labour markets
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Patriarchy at work : patriarchal and capitalist relations in employment
Workers of the world : essays toward a global labor history
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing under labour market imperfections
Wet nursing : a history from antiquity to the present
Wage drift and error correction : evidence from Finland
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Poverty and insecurity : life in low-pay, no no-pay Britain
Women and home-based work : the unspoken contract
Women at work : the status of women in the labour markets of the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland
Labour migration and wages
Economics of labor
Secret freedom in the city : women's wage work and agency in Calcutta
Macroeconomic effects of active labour market programmes : theoretical aspects and an econometric study
Beyond employment : time, work and the informal economy
This edited collection contributes to the theoretical literature on social reproduction defined by Marx as the necessary labor to arrive the next day at the factory gate and extended by feminist geographers and others into complex understandings of the relationship between paid labor and the unpaid work of daily life.
Summary: Being ill on the labor market.
Wage differentials, wage mobility and skills in Finnish industry : an empirical analysis of the period 1980-1992
Care between work and welfare in European societies
Children at work : child labor practices in Africa
Nickel and dimed : on (getting) by in America
The new middle classes and the labour process : class criteria revisited
Outsourcing of unionized firms and the impacts of labour market policy reforms
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
Challenging the legal boundaries of work regulation
Labor's progress and some basic labor problems
Gendered jobs and social change
Rural income generation and diversification : a case study in Eastern Zambia
Summary.
Dual labor markets, efficiency wages and search
Local labour markets and wage structures
Contemporary motherhood : the impact of children on adult time
History of women's paid work in Finland : a brief introduction
Lone mothers, paid work and gendered moral rationalities
Tomorrow's workplace : fulfilment or stress?
"This sweeping survey of the history of work, from hunter-gatherers to dotcom telecommuters, deftly compresses thousands of years of human evolution into an incisive volume that the Toronto 'Globe & Mail' calls "a page turner of a book". It is a book about work, about the organization and management of work, but it is also a book about people"--
Wage labour in Southeast Asia since 1840 : globalization, the international division of labour, and labour transformations
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Urban peasants and rural workers : making a living in the Third World
Abstract: Same education - different careers : the study of the Finnish nationals who have studied applied linguistics in the University of Mainz, Germany, during the years 1965-2001, and their working development as employees, freelancers and entrepreneurs.
The part-time paradox : time norms, professional lives, family, and gender
Wage-labor and capital
Because eighteenth-century French trade law and corporate archives rarely mention women workers, Sheridan analyzes nearly two hundred period engravings to interpret women's roles in pre-industrial France. Images primarily from Diderot's Encyclopédie and Panckouke's 1777 supplementary volume document women as workers, finishers, and managers in manufacturing, commerce, and the crafts.
Lone mothers between paid work and care : the policy regime in twenty countries
Equal pay : exchange of good practices
The economics of work and pay
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
Men, wage work and family
Citizenship and employment : investigating post-industrial options
Reclaiming work : beyond the wage-based society
Precarious worlds : contested geographies of social reproduction
Human capital creation in an economic perspective : Nordic Seminar held in Helsinki 14-15 May, 1992 : seminaariesitelmiä - conference papers
Gender, work and wages in industrial revolution Britain
Women, work and care of the elderly
Domestic labour relations in India : vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Louder than words : ways of seeing women workers in eighteenth-century France
Employee, partner and mother : Woman's three roles and their implications for health
In this pathbreaking book, Alice Kessler-Harris explores the meanings of women's wages in the United States in the twentieth century, focusing on three sets of issues that capture the transformation of women's roles: the battle over minimum wage for women, which exposes the relationship between family ideology and workplace demands; the argument over equal pay for equal work, which challenges gendered patterns of self-esteem and social organization; and the current debate over comparable worth, which seeks to incorporate traditionally female values into new work and family trajectories. Together these issues trace the many ways in which gendered meaning has been produced, transmitted, and challenged.
A plan for statistics on foresty labour input and wages
Cash and care : policy challenges in the welfare state
Formal and informal work : the hidden work regime in Europe
Rewarding work : how to restore participation and self-support to free enterprise
Collective wage bargaining and the impact of norms of fairness : an analysis based on the Norwegian experience
Efficient, more efficient, exhausted : finding[s] of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-1997
The global construction of gender
The economic horror
Self-employment and the predicted earnings differential - evidence from Finland
The relationship between wages and the capital-labor ratio : Finnish evidence on the production function
Integration, labor market regulation, lobbying, and technological change
Lone parents, employment and social policy : cross-national comparisons
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The payroll administration insourcing process
Employment of women in Chinese cultures : half the sky
99 businesses to start at home : [Inspiring ideas for a new working life]
OECD societies in transition : the future of work and leisure
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Global histories of work
Bodies at Work provides the first full-length, accessible account of the body/work relation in contemporary western societies. Bringing together fields of sociology that have hitherto developed mainly along separate lines, the book demonstrates the relevance of concepts developed in the sociology of the body for enriching our understanding of changing patterns of work and employment. Bodies at Work begins by establishing key concerns in both the sociology of the body and the sociology of work. Drawing on existing research, the author proceeds to examine a wide range of employment sectors: industrial employment; customer relations; health practice; care work; the beauty industry; and sex work. The contribution of feminist theory and research is highlighted throughout, and analyses of photographs help the reader conceptualise the changing nature of the body/work relationship over time. Bodies at Work helps readers think more clearly and creatively about how work relations shape bodily experience.
Unemployment and the structure of labor markets
Tax progression and structure of labour taxation in an open economy general equilibrium model with monopoly unions
Women's work in Britain and France : practice, theory and policy
Profit sharing in Finland : earnings and productivity effects
Past, present and future of work ability : proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Work Ability
The character of paid labour has changed
A handbook of human resource management practice
The economics of earnings
Work and non-work : on work and meaning
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
Work & pay
Income from work after retirement in the EU
A woman's wage : historical meanings and social consequences
Hire with your head : a rational way to make a gut decision
The emancipated worker? : a foucauldian study of power, subjectivity and organising in the information age
Salary determination in professional labour markets
To each one's due : at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Search, bargaining and employer discrimination
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and wage solidarity under labour market imperfections
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Minimum wages and the incentives for skill formation
Method of pay in Finnish industry
This is an exploration of the changing structure of women's paid work in Britain since World War II. Four case-studies, drawing upon original research material, give accounts of developments across the whole range of women's employment; form the"post-feminist" finance profesional to unskilled workers. This work is set within a context of current theoreticl debates concerning gender, occupationalsegretagion, and class and stratification, and is complemented by a review of the structure of women's employment in other Western countries. The book also provides a summary and crtiques of current developments within a series of sociological debates.
The purpose of this thesis is to determine factors that lead to a successful insourcing process. The insourcing process has been finalized and is functioning. The objectives of the thesis are to determine what the factors are that makes the outsourcing a bad option for Clinic D. And at the same time it determines what the factors that make the insourcing process tangible are. The author has used methodology that supports both the qualitative and quantitative research method. Interviews with department supervisors and questioning employees with the help of a questionnaire will help understand outsourcing and insourcing better. Outsourcing has been a trend for a long time and it is still going on. But organizations are realizing that not all operations, departments, tasks and projects are suitable for outsourcing and they are reconsidering their position. Many do decide to insource and the author wants to help these organizations to make a successful decision based on good research. Taking into account many things in this process is important as it is a great step in an organizations function. one need to weigh out all the options, pros and cons that in the end leads to the final decision. One needs to consider the whole organization when deciding such a change as it will affect the whole organization, not only the insourcing department or section. The results of the research have been positive and will be a good example for other organizations considering a similar transaction. This will show what the result of the insourcing process has done to the clinic and what affect it has had.
Women working : theories and facts in perspective
