http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9254 gainful employment
gainful employment
Job search and wage bargaining
Abstract.
99 businesses to start at home : [Inspiring ideas for a new working life]
Home-based work and time : flexibility in the everyday lives of Finnish homeworkers
Gender and development : the Japanese experience in comparative perspective
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
CVs in a week
The job application handbook : proven strategies and effective techniques for selling yourself to an employer
Trying to make a living : studies to the economic life of women in interwar Sweden
Because eighteenth-century French trade law and corporate archives rarely mention women workers, Sheridan analyzes nearly two hundred period engravings to interpret women's roles in pre-industrial France. Images primarily from Diderot's Encyclopédie and Panckouke's 1777 supplementary volume document women as workers, finishers, and managers in manufacturing, commerce, and the crafts.
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
How to write a winning C.V. : a simple step-by-step guide to creating the perfect C.V
Homo Economics is the first honest account of the tense relationship between gay people and the economy. This groundbreaking collection brings together a variety of voices from the worlds of journalism, activism, academia, the arts, and public policy to address issues including the recent economic history of the gay community, the community's response to its changing economic circumstances, and the risks inherent in a narrow definition of liberation.
How to prepare your curriculum vitae
Applying for a job writing a curriculum vitae and preparing for the interview
Job hunting 3.0 : secrets and skills to sell yourself effectively in the modern age
Professional women in South African Pentecostal Charismatic churches
Gendered practices in working life
Going global : career information and resources for Finland
Essays on household behavior and time-use
Regular, honest and diligent lives : female life histories in a Tuscan town
Working time and family time : experiences of the work and family interface among dual-earning couples in Finland
Resume writing made easy : a practical guide to resume preparation and job search
The new rules of jobhunting : a modern guide to finding the job you want
The global political economy of the household in Asia
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Homo economics : capitalism, community, and lesbian and gay life
The flight of the creative class : the new global competition for talent
Reclaiming work : beyond the wage-based society
Women at work in preindustrial france
Preparing your own CV : how to improve your chances of getting the job you want
Resumes for dummies
Homeworking Women provides an up-to-date overview of all types of home-based work. The authors argue that homeworking replicates wider divisions in the labor force and that its potential for improving women's employment opportunities is therefore limited. Drawing on original research, they outline the advantages and disadvantages, the pay and conditions, and family situations for contemporary women homeworkers. Gender, racism, and ethnicity are shown to be key factors in constructing the homeworking labor force. The authors acknowledge the shared position that homeworkers occupy as women, as well as the clear differences experienced by clerical, manufacturing, and professional homeworkers, and question whether new technology in itself can be the way forward to a better paid, less onerous form of homeworking.
Gender at work
Secret freedom in the city : women's wage work and agency in Calcutta
Mothering the Union : gender politics in the EU
What is an anti-sexist living arrangement? The family (and women's position in it) has been a major topic of feminist theory and politics. Yet, despite exhortations to change the family or to form alternatives to it, there has been little research on women's attempts to put feminist politics into practice in their domestic lives. This text draws on interviews with women and men in explicitly anti-sexist living agreements, and gives information about how some women (and men) have tried to make their domestic lives less oppressive. The author provides a new perspective on the division of domestic labour, mothering, marriage and financial allocation in the home, and explores the relationship between home and work. Offering a feminist sociological answer to the question "what is an anti-sexist living arrangement?", this book is intended to be of use as a resource not only to feminists, but to anyone interested in the impact of feminism on family life. Written in an accessible style, this book will be of interest to all heterosexual women trying to make their private lives match their political ideals.
Applying for a job : how to sell your skills and experience to a prospective employer
Your money or your life : 9 steps to transforming your relationship with money and achieving financial independence
Preparing the perfect CV : how to make a great impression and get the job you want
Readymade CVs : winning CVs for every type of job
Get that job : CVs : how to stand out from the crowd
Between work & leisure : the common ground of two separate worlds
Education, training and the economy : preparing young people for a changing labour market
CVs for graduates : cv writing skills to make the most of your student experience
Readymade CVs : winning CVs and cover letters for every type of job
The CV book : how to avoid the most common mistakes and write a winning CV
Louder than words : ways of seeing women workers in eighteenth-century France
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Great answers to tough interview questions : how to get the job you want
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Create your own CV : write an impressive CV with ease!
Homeworkers in global perspective : invisible no more
Rewarding work : how to restore participation and self-support to free enterprise
The resume handbook : how to write outstanding resumes and cover letters for every situation
Work/family interface : perspectives and solutions : a literature review
Create your own CV
Résumé magic : trade secrets of a professional résumé writer
The employment and income performance of immigrants in Sweden : 1970-1990
How to write successful CVs and job applications
Muslim women online : faith and identity in virtual space
Writing a CV that works : how to develop and use your key marketing tool
CVs for dummies
Women and home-based work : the unspoken contract
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
The recruiter is your friend : this ain't your granddaddy's job search
Résumés that get shortlisted : proven strategies to get the job you want
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Midlife exercise, midlife self-rated fitness and willingness of bridge employment in older age
Women and unemployment
Ask the children : the breakthrough study that reveals how to succeed at work and parenting
Families in today's world : a comparative approach
The rise of the creative class: and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
The global construction of gender
English abstract.
OECD panel group on women, work and health : national report, Finland
Perfect CV
Great answers to tough interview questions
CVs for graduates
Yǒgong : factory girl
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Prepairing your own CV : how to improve your chances of getting the job you want
Homeworking women : gender, racism and class at work
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Brilliant CV : what employers want to see and how to say it
Why you? : CV messages to win jobs
This best-selling guide sets out the ground rules for preparing a CV by showing how to select which details go in and which stay out, how to lay out and present a CV and how to make a great first impression. It includes sample CVs for a wide variety of jobs: practical, creative, administrative, sales and marketing, technical and management, with online template CVs and covering letters ready for you to download and customise. Readymade CVs also looks at specific 'tricky' situations such as getting your first job, returning to work after a career break, continuing in work as a mature employee ...
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 49
Women, men, work and family in Europe
Build your own brand  : strategies, prompts and exercises for marketing yourself
While issues surrounding Muslim women are common in the international media, the voices of Muslim women themselves are largely absent from media coverage and despite the rapidly increasing presence of Muslim women in online groups and discussions, it is still a relatively unexplored topic.This book examines Muslim women in transnational online groups, and their views on education, culture, marriage, sexuality, work, dress-code, race, class and sisterhood. Looking at both egalitarian and traditionalist Muslim women's views, the author considers their interpretations of Islam and identifies a new category of holists who focus on developing the Islamic sisterhood. Drawing on detailed analysis of online transcripts, she highlights women's rhetorical techniques and the thorough knowledge of Islamic sources which they use to justify their points in online discussions. She details how in the online context, as opposed to offline interactions, Muslim women are much more willing to cross boundaries between traditionalist and egalitarian interpretations of Islam and women's Islamic rights and responsibilities and to develop collaborative interpretations with supporters of different views.
Containing invaluable advice and hundreds of sample CVs, Ultimate CV will help you to create a powerful sales pitch with your CV that will open the door to job offers and interviews.
American citizenship : the quest for inclusion
Applying for a job : How to sell your skills and experience to a prospective employer
Nontypical work careers and gaps in social security
The end of men and the rise of women
Distribution of income between spouses in wage-earner families
Machine costs in logging with power saw in Finland in 1951-1963
Transforming women's work : new England lives in the industrial revolution
Great answers to tough CV problems : CV secrets from a top career coach
Ultimate CV : over 100 winning CVs to help you get the interview and the job
Family : critical concepts in sociology. 2 : Family and gender issues
How to write successful cover letters
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
Just the job for dad
CVs for high flyers
Essays on the twins approach in empirical labor economics
Working couples caring for children and aging parents : effects on work and well-being
Heterosexual women changing the family : refusing to be a 'wife'!
Women's working lives : patterns and strategies
Applying for a job : the essential guide
Time use changes in Finland through the 2000s
Conflict and concord in work and family : family policies and individuals' subjective experiences
Socio-economic changes and position of women in the union of Soviet socialist republics
