http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9250 Hemiptera
Hemiptera true bugs
Monograph of the Coccidae of the British Isles. Vol. 1
The Adhidoidea (Hemiptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark. 2, The family Drepanosiphidae
Miridae of West and Central Africa (Hemiptera, Heteroptera)
Monograph of the Coccidae of the British Isles. Vol. 2
Insular evolution, speciation, and revision of the Hawaiian genus Nesiomiris (Hemiptera: Miridae)
Amnestus raunoi n. sp. from Iran, the first Old World representative of the New World subfamily Amnestinae (Hemiptera: Heteroptera: Cydnidae)
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland. 4: Plecoptera
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
Revision of New World Plagiognathus Fieber : with comments on the Palearctic fauna and the description of a new genus (Heteroptera, Miridae, Phylinae)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 3 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Hemiptera
The other insect societies
Dicondylus helléni n. sp. (Hym., Dryinidae), a parasite of Calligypona sordidula (Stål) and C. excisa (Mel.)
Brief report : Anoecia vagans (Koch) (Hemiptera, Aphididae) on roots of spring wheat in Finland
Hemiptera of Israel. 1
The biology of Calligypona sordidula (Stål) (Hom., Auchenorrhyncha)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 3, Parasites of the Hemiptera
The hemiptera
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 3, Insecta 6 : Hemiptera II: Heteroptera
A revised key to the British water bugs (Hemiptera-Heteroptera) : with notes on their ecology
Intercalibration of different light-traps and bulbs used in moth monitoring in northern Europe
Hemiptera of Israel. 3
The Aphidoidea (Hemiptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark. 1, General Part: the families Mindaridae, Hormaphididae, Thelaxidae, Anoeciidae, and Pemphigidae
Hemiptera of Israel. 2
A catalogue of British Hemiptera; Heteroptera and Homoptera (Cicadaria and Phytophthires)
The fire-adapted flatbug Aradus laeviusculus Reuter (Heteroptera, Aradidae) rediscovered in Finland (North Karelia, Koli National Park)
