http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9266 presence
presence
Life has a way of throwing unexpected obstacles in our path. Your personal anxieties can build up and seem overwhelming. Help is at hand. Master artist Jean Haines leads you on a journey through paint, showing how you can wipe away your worries with the soothing and gentle movement of watercolour on paper. Meditative, peaceful and calming, watercolour painting offers relief and solace to everyone, with no judgement or goal beyond itself. This book shows you the many ways painting can calm your life, and empower you so you have control over stress or boredom.
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
The change of well-being : mediator and moderator effects of depression in Muupu intervention
Mindfulness-Oriented Interventions for Trauma : Integrating Contemplative Practices
ePresence : a key to success in online education and tutoring?
Sane new world : taming the mind
Living in the moment : don't dwell on the past or worry about the future simply BE in the present with mindfulness meditations
The headspace guide to ... a mindful pregnancy
Autonomic nervous system responses during a relationship enrichment intervention
Mindfulness : your step-by-step guide to a happier life
Mindfulness : clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness®
The rough guide to mindfulness
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
Mindfulness : diverse perspectives on its meaning, origins and applications
Sane new world : how to tame the mind
Seven secrets of mindfulness : how to keep your everyday practice alive
How long-term mindfulness meditation practice affects the brain mechanisms of attention?
Essential writings
The lazy guru's guide to life : the mindful art of achieving more by doing less
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear
Mindfulness for beginners : recalming the present moment and your life
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear / Michael A. Tompkins
Working in a virtual world : a study of using Second Life in globally distributed team meetings
River of destiny
What is existential anthropology?
Crystal mindfulness : still your mind, calm your thoughts and focus your awareness with the help of crystals
Mindful relationships : creating genuine connection with ourselves and others
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
Mindfulness for dummies
Perpetual performance : selfhood and representation in Byron's writing
Grounded in research and accumulated clinical wisdom, this book describes a range of ways to integrate mindfulness and other contemplative practices into clinical work with trauma survivors. The volume showcases treatment approaches that can be tailored to this population's needs, such as mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR), acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), and mindful self-compassion (MSC), among others. Featuring vivid case material, the book explores which elements of contemplative traditions support recovery and how to apply them safely. Neurobiological foundations of mindfulness-oriented work are examined. Treatment applications are illustrated for specific trauma populations, such as clients with chronic pain, military veterans, and children and adolescents.
Eating mindfully : how to end mindless eating and enjoy a balanced relationship with food
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Theory U : leading from the future as it emerges : the social technology of presencing
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
The wow factor : how to create it, inspire it, & achieve it : a comprehensive guide for performers
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
How to relax
Mind, body, baby : how to overcome stress & enhance your fertility with CBT, mindfulness & good nutrition
Meditation : practicing presence in every moment of your life
Based on the ancient principles of mindfulness, this beautifully illustrated and relaxing guide will make life flow just the way it should. It is organised into four simple sections: 1. What lazy means 2. Why it works 3. How the lazy guru can rule the Universe 4. Brain training exercises, from 'beditation' to prioritising work goals by teaching your mind to self-organise A happier and richer life is possible for everyone using the techniques in this life-changing book. So embrace your inner Lazy Guru and release the stress and anxiety of the modern world.
Living in the moment : don't dwell on the past or worry about the future simply be in the present with mindfulness meditations
9 secrets of successful meditation : the ultimate key to mindfulness, inner calm and joy
The transparency of things : contemplating the nature of experience
Everyday blessings : mindfulness for parents
To think or not to think
The mindfulness diet
Mindfulness, acceptance and value-based intervention for burnout : mediational roles of learning the elements of the intervention on outcomes
101 ways to live well : mindfulness, yoga and nutrition tips for busy people
Mindfulness for life
Journey into mindfulness : [gentle ways to let go of stress and live in the moment]
The mindfulness journal : exercises to help you find peace and calm wherever you are
The presence and absence of God : Claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, conference 2008
Daily meditations for calming your angry mind : mindfulness practices to free yourself from anger
A strange proximity : stage presence, failure, and the ethics of attention
Dark matter : invisibility in drama, theater, and performance
Mobile-based intervention based on acceptance and commitment therapy : the effectiveness on work ability and perceived stress for individuals with symptoms of metabolic syndrome and psychological stress
Calm : calm the mind, change the world
Effects of a mindfulness-based intervention on experienced job charachteristics : comparing the intervention group and the control group
Mindfulness-acceptance-commitment program for athletes and exercisers : an action research case study
Mindfullness in motion
The joy of half a cookie
Presence : a conversation at Cabaret Voltaire, Zürich
Mindfulness and learning : celebrating the affective dimension of education
Acceptance-, mindfulness- and value-based psychological coaching for elite female floorball players
Archaeologies of presence : art, performance and the persistence of being
Looks at the science behind the ancient practices of Buddhism through the story of the spiritual life and teachings of Siddhartha, the man who would become the Buddha, and how his discoveries anticipated the findings of modern neuroscience.
Mindfulness for creativity : adapt, create and thrive in a frantic world
New papers on the present : focus on presentism
Offers techniques to stop and recharge, change thinking patterns, use meditation to focus and de-stress, and use the peace that comes from the resulting calmness to make key changes in your life and the world.
Silence : the power of quiet in a world full of noise
Intelligent and adaptive lighting in retail environment
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness
Paint yourself calm : colourful, creative mindfulness through watercolour
A taxonomy of optimal experiences : a conceptual enquiry into three times of positive psychology
The Mindful athlete : secrets to pure performance
Presentism is the view that only the present exists. Eternalism, by contrast, is the view that present, past and future objects and times exist. Philosophers have been divided for centuries regarding whether reality is an ever changing present consisting of objects and events coming into and out of existence, or whether reality is composed of all that did, does, and will exist. On the one hand, presentism and the associated dynamical view of time look closer to common sense and to the way we ordinarily think and talk about past and future objects; on the other hand, there are aspects of common sense talk that are more easily accommodated by eternalism, and, arguably, eternalism is a better ?t with contemporary science. In the last two decades in analytic philosophy both positions have been defended and the literature ?ourishes with arguments for and against each of them, along with a huge family of alternative proposals.§§This proliferation of views and the many attendant discussions provides evidence for the importance of the issue in the contemporary philosophy of time. The present volume targets anyone who is interested in metaphysics and the philosophy of language, from those who are new to the philosophy of time to those whose studies are more advanced. It provides updated and re?ned research perspectives on topics such as the status of the present, the groundedness of truth, cross-temporality, the passage of time, and the methodological assumptions behind the debate between presentists and eternalists.§The book is to be read as a coherent whole and not as a series of disparate papers on a similar theme; it settles the terms and me-thelology oh the debate, weighs the costs and bene?ts of each posi-tion and considers the plausibility of alternative solutions. The papers offered are novel, and add to the literature on the philoso-phy of time, while at the same time they are written so as to focus on the core issues at play in the debate and not to get bound up in small technical side issues. This is why they are of general interest both to specialists in the philosophy of time and to those who are approaching these issues for the ?rst time. Bibliographies will be found at the end of each paper, and we hope they will constitute a helpful research tool for the reader.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for dummies
Practical mindfulness
Galileo & the art of ageing mindfully : wisdom from the night skies
And breathe
The mindful librarian : connecting the practice of mindfulness to librarianship
Taming the drunken monkey : the path to mindfulness, meditation, and increased concentration
Läsnäolon merkitys valokuvassa = The meaning of presence in a photograph
Recently, the idea of “presence” has returned to the arts, humanities, and social sciences. In February 2013, in Zurich's historical Cabaret Voltaire, which was central to the Dada movement almost a hundred years ago, an experimental international symposium took place that put presence under the microscope. Presence: A Conversation at Cabaret Voltaire, Zurich is not a traditional post-conference publication but is conceived as a theatrical discussion of ideas between different speakers, both on and offstage. In contrast to transcribed conversations, monologues are interspersed throughout the book, acting like small, performative interruptions. The lively juxtaposition of both individual speech and colloquy is enhanced by theatrical conventions: characters enter and exit; stage directions mirror those found in the cabaret. --
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
The changing relationship between personality traits and acceptance skills
The new presence of China in Africa
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
The mindfulness in knitting : meditations on craft and calm
Telepresence and sexuality : a review and a call to scholars
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Discover meditation & mindfulness : create a better life through the power of inner reflection
Yoga all-in-one for dummies
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
The enneagram at work / : towards personal mastery and social intelligence
Exploring the relationships between flow, mindfulness, & self-talk : a correlational study
"Bad habits can take a hefty toll on your health and happiness. In The Here-and-Now Habit, mindfulness expert Hugh Byrne provides powerful practices based in mindfulness and neuroscience to help you rewire your brain and finally break the habits that are holding you back from a meaningful life.Have you found yourself doing something and thinking, Why do I keep doing this? We all have an unhealthy habit--or two, or three. Yours may be as simple as wasting time on the Internet, constantly checking your e-mail, or spending too much time in front of the TV. Or, it may be more serious, like habitual drinking, emotional overeating, constant self-criticism, or chronic worrying. Whatever your harmful habit is--you have the power to break it.The Here-and-Now-Habit provides proven-effective techniques to help you stop existing on autopilot and start living in the here and now. You'll learn how to cultivate mindfulness to calm and focus your mind, be aware of thoughts without identifying with them or believing they are true, deal with difficult emotions, and clarify your own intentions regarding unhealthy habits by asking yourself, What do I want? How important is it to me to make this change?By learning to pay attention to your thoughts and actions in the moment, you'll discover how to let go of old patterns and create healthier habits and ways of living that will make you feel good about yourself. And when you feel good about you, you can do just about anything"
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
God is near us : the Eucharist, the heart of life
Siddhartha's brain : the science of meditation, mindfulness, and enlightenment
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Fear : essential wisdom for getting through the storm
A mindfulness guide for the frazzled
The designing of scalable SIP presence services
Meditation for dummies
Present over perfect : leaving behind frantic for a simpler, more soulful way of living
8 minute meditation : quiet your mind, change your life
What happens in the relationship between audience and performer? What choices are made in the space of performance about how we attend to others? A Strange Proximity examines stage presence as key to thinking about performance and ethics. It is the first phenomenological account of ethics generated from, rather than applied to, contemporary theatrical productions. The ethical possibilities of the stage, argues Jon Foley Sherman, rest not so much in its objects - the performers and the show itself - as in the "how" of attending to others. A Strange Proximity is a unique perspective on the implications of attention in performance.
Mindfulness on the go : peace in your pocket
Handbook of neuroLeadership
The here-and-now habit : how mindfulness can help you break unhealthy habits once and for all
The mindful child : how to help your kid manage stress and become happier, kinder, and more compassionate
The art of breathing
Mindfulness : Clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness
Mindfulness in eight weeks : the revolutionary eight-week plan to clear your mind and calm your life
Participants' outcome expectations and changes in well-being and ill-being in mindfulness based intervention for burnout
The enneagram at work : towards personal mastery and social intelligence
