http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9262 contract manufacturing
contract manufacturing
Textiles in transit : an investigation of contract textiles in airport terminals
Purchasing business services
Essentials of business process outsourcing
Contract manufacturing in the electronics industry : Concepts and practices ; edited by T. P. Rajmanohar
Abstract.
Restrictions as inspiration : an exploration of the design process in the contract textile industry
Marketing of Russian subcontracting services in Finland
A framework for international business
Pre-contractual approach on proactive OEM and supply chain management strategies : manufacturing in China
Supply market intelligence : a managerial handbook for building sourcing strategies
The purpose of the case study was to evaluate the expansion of contract manufacturing capacities at Biovian Ltd, a biopharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing company. Starting point for the study was the fact that Biovian received an initiative for expansion from one of the clients to manufacture continuously a biopharmaceutical product for sales. The aim was to estimate the required size of investment as well as to make predictions about the payback period of the investment. Pre-requisites for the manufacturing capacity expansion were identified. A project plan and schedule was drawn up. Plans were laid out for expansion of the manufacturing plant, equipment acquisitions and personnel resources. Technology transfer of the production method was included in the planning. The plans were used to estimate capital expenditures required for the investment. Additionally, the fixed costs were forecasted.This in turn helped to predict the payback period and to justify pricing. The business model of continuous manufacturing is different from Biovian's current business model for contract development and manufacturing. The differences between the two business models were studied and compared. The purpose of the comparisons was to provide company management with new viewpoints for investment decisions. Finally, in the concluding part, the case study findings and observations were reflected on in light of literature on the biopharmaceutical industry. The growing biopharmaceutical market, current shortage of contract manufacturing capacity, and the outsourcing market trend all support investments into manufacturing capacity. The client's commitment to a long-term contract was perceived as the greatest risk for the investment decision.In order to ensure the client's commitment and to distribute the capital risks equally, an initiative for new strategic partnership between the company and the client was suggested. The results in this case study were used by the company in preparing for and conducting contract negotiations.
The handbook of logistics contracts : a practical guide to a growing field
Advantages and disadvantages of international  contract manufacturing : The opportunities for Finnish companies in Russia
International business : the new realities
Structural change in Germany's automotive supply industry : the industry's macroeconomic importance, the meaning of corporate acquisitions and changes in the role of management
Investment into new manufacturing capacity : case study
