http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9261 census
census
Summary: The development of social expenditure in the long term.
The Census in British India : new perspectives
Counting the people in Hellenistic Egypt
Republic of Namibia : 1991 population and housing census : basic analysis with highlights
Demographic evaluation and analysis of population census data : aspects of technical co-operation
Measuring population and housing : practices of UNECE countries in the 2000 round of censuses
Population census 1995.
New China's population : [the definitive guide to the population of the people's republic of China]
Helsingin kaupungin tilasto. 7. Erikoistutkimukset = Helsingfors stads statistik. 7. Specialundersökningar = Statistics of the City of Helsinki (Helsingfors). 7. Special investigations. 3, Yleinen väestölaskenta Helsingissä vuonna 1960 = Allmänna folkräkningen i Helsingfors år 1960 = Central census of population in Helsinki 1960.
Uralic nations of Russia : historic development and present condition
The population of the Soviet Union : history and prospects
A study on the future of the census of population : alternative approaches
Karelian since 1991 : from ethnographic curiosity to official language
Census and identity : the politics of race, ethnicity, and language in national censuses
From fugitive peasants to diaspora : the Eastern Mari in tsarist and federal Russia
Sammanfattning. - English summary.
Principles and recommendations for population and housing censuses
European workshop on using administrative data in population and housing censuses : Helsinki, Finland, 9-11 October 1995.
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Studies in the population of Aigina, Athens and Eretria
Central Eurasia as a territorial and ethnolinguistic concept : an enumerative approach
This book consists of two closely related parts. Volume I publishes fifty-four Greek and Egyptian demotic papyri which derive from census and tax activities in Egypt of the third and second centuries BC. Volume II is an historical study, using these texts to analyse fundamental aspects of Ptolemaic Egypt. The salt-tax registers of P. Count. make possible an assessment of the fiscal policy of the new Macedonian pharaohs and an analysis of the population make-up in both ethnic and occupational terms. A demographic analysis of this material exploits the best information for family and household structure for the Western world before the fifteenth century. A constant theme throughout is the impact of the Greeks on the native population of Egypt. This is traced, for example, in cultural policies, in administrative geography, in the realm of stock-rearing and in the changing religious affiliations traceable through the names that parents gave their children.
The Nazi census : identification and control in the Third Reich
The 1926/27 Soviet polar census expeditions
Costing aspects of population and housing censuses in selected countries in the UN/ECE region
One Third of the World's Growth and Inequality
Väestön taloudellinen toiminta 1970-1985 = Befolkningens ekonomiska verksamhet 1970-1985 = Economic activity of the population 1970-1985
Register-based statistics in the Nordic countries : review of best practices with focus on population and social statistics
Dynamics of quantity of Mordvinian people in the XX century
Guidelines for linking population and housing censuses with agricultural censuses : with selected country practices
Helsingin kaupungin tilasto. 7. Erikoistutkimukset = Helsingfors stads statistik. 7. Specialundersökningar = Statistics of the City of Helsinki (Helsingfors). 7. Special investigations. 2, Yleinen väestölaskenta Helsingissä vuonna 1960 = Allmänna folkräkningen i Helsingfors år 1960 = Central census of population in Helsinki 1960.
African population census reports : a bibliography and checklist
Language relations across Bering Strait : reappraising the archaeological and linguistic evidence
Language shifts and migration : the Finnish longitudinal census data file as an aid to social research
Principles and recommendations for population and housing censuses : revision 2
Majority-minority relations : the case of the Sami in Scandinavia : report : Guovdageaidnu, Norway, 2 - 4 July 1993
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 6 : ASUNNOT JA ASUIN.. = Folkräkningen = Population census
A system of integrated agricultural censuses and surveys. Vol. 1, World Programme for the Census of Agriculture 2010
Northern people, southern records : the Yamal nenets in Russian population counts, 1695-1989
Summary: Finno-Ugric peoples in the post-war Soviet censuses.
A cultural history of the British census : envisioning the multitude in the nineteenth century
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 4 : RAKENNUKSET... = Folkräkningen = Population census
The ethnic classification in the late 19th-century censuses : a case-stydy from southern Troms, Norway
Recommendations for the 2000 censuses of population and housing in the ECE region
Census 96. Vol. 9, Irish language
Development of national minorities : republic of Estonia up to 1944.
2001 Population and Housing Census : Caprivi region : basic analysis with highlights
Censuses, surveys and privacy
A clearer sense of the census : the Victorian censuses and historical research
Problems of census interpretation in developing countries : the Western Nigeria case
"The British census plays an unquestioned role in governance today, and the recent digitization of 19th-century census data has allowed millions of amateur and professional researchers to visualize their national and familial past. This study tells the tangled story of how the census took shape over the early decades of its existence, developing from a simple counting of households during the Napoleonic Wars into a centralized undertaking that involved the governmental and intellectual luminaries of Victorian Britain. Along the way, the census intertwined with the pressing questions of the day, including Malthusianism, industrialization, political representation, Irish immigration, women's employment, reproduction, and empire. The book explores the hotly disputed process by which the census was created and developed and examines how a wide cast of characters, including statisticians, novelists, national and local officials, political and social reformers, and journalists responded to and used the idea of a census. It shows that the act of describing British society in statistical terms was also an act of contestation"--Provided by publisher.
Population census. Vol. 9B, Evaluation study of the 1990 census
Lifestyle patterns and social inequalities
Finnish North Americans today by statistics
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 8 : AMMATTI JA... = Folkräkningen = Population census
Developing statistical theories for register-based statistics
Missing : one million Finnish Americans
Changes in the ethnic composition of the population of Viena Karelia in the 17th-19th centuries
Framing the census in Russia (Rossiia). Part 1
Assimilation and its measurement : Finno-Ugrian peoples of Russia
Space, geography, and politics in the early Roman empire
Population census 2000.. Handbook
The new American reality : who we are, how we got here, where we are going
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 2 : TYÖVOIMAMUUTOKSET = Folkräkningen = Population census
Eurasian identity discussion : Identity problems of the smaller Uralic people's in the Russian Federation
Geographic distribution of northern peoples of the USSR, 1970 and 1979.
Komi-Permiak and Russian : changing patterns in linguistic attachment of a small Finno-Ugric group
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 11 : TAAJAMAT = Folkräkningen 1990 = Population census 1990.
The 2000 population and housing census in Estonia : organizing the publicity campaign strategy
