http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9270 courses (societal accomplishments)
courses (societal accomplishments)
LingoPro. English
Thai on the go!
Equilibrium exchange rates in Central and Eastern Europe : a meta-regression analysis
Foreign exchange hedging : comparison of developed and emerging markets
Dutch for dummies
Exchange rate regimes and market interactions between onshore and offshore markets for Chinese Yuan
China's renminbi exchange rate has closely tracked the US dollar for over a decade.Although the peg has served the Chinese economy well, the recent depreciation of the US dollar and China's rapid economic development have increased discussion of other possible exchange regime options for China.In this paper, we contribute to the discussion by considering some of the options available to China in the light of recent theoretical and empirical work on exchange rates.Keywords: China, monetary policy, exchange rate regime .
Development of virtual learning material
This paper briefly examines the exchange rate arrangements of several of Eastern Europe's transition economies.Generally speaking, countries that have included some form of fixed exchange rate regime in their stabilization packages have been more successful in curbing inflation, and consequently reviving output. Further, while a fixed exchange rate is no panacea for economic problems, it can act as a credible nominal anchor in a comprehensive reform package.Such credibility, however, is contingent on the government's ability to implement a balanced budget. As transition progresses, fixed exchange rate regimes eventually become outmoded as they lack some of the flexibility and potency in conducting monetary policy central banks may require as the economy grows.To date, even the most advanced of the transition countries have balked at making this switch.A possible explanation may simply be inertia from past success of fixed exchange rates in reducing inflation and enhancing the credibility of such central banks. .
Learn French. vol.1 : introduction to French
The Food of Love Cookery School
Media courses UK. 1995
First certificate masterclass : class audio CDs
Catching up : English for conversation classes
Understanding children's rights : : collected papers presented at the fourth International Interdisciplinary Course on Children's Rights, held at the University of Ghent, July 1999
Hindi on the go!
Open and flexible online courses - reality or fiction?
"So much more  than just a web course"
Activate your English : Pre-intermediate Coursebook : A short course for adults
International financial operations : arbitrage, hedging, speculation, financing and investment
Active expert
This article examines the theory of economic reform in light of the actual experience Poland.Its main themes are liberalisation and stabilisation.Liberalisation in the case of transition economies implies decontrol of domestic prices and foreign trade. Liberalization may be gradual (gradualism), or immediate (shock therapy).Here, we compare the effects of these strategies using Swedar van Wijnbergen's intertemporal speculation model, taking into account the question of currency convertibility.  According to monetarist theory, budget deficits are the main cause of inflation in closed economies.Thus, stabilisation programs usually start with budget balancing.Implementation of nominal anchors for economic reform is also an important issue, because nominal anchors can help eliminate demand pressure and build credibility.Three nominal anchors, i.e. wage tax, fixed exchange rate and high interest rate are closely examined.In addition, the non-trivial task of sequencing the phases of reform is discussed. Obviously, an unsuccessful stabilisation has a strong influence on, e.g. real exchange rates and export opportunities, so how does one time the phases of reform for successful results?  Poland's "Big Bang" reform is an example of a monetarist economic reform.This analysis covers the main features of the reform, applying the credit market model of Guillermo Calvo and Fabrizio Coricelli.Calvo and Coricelli have studied the influence of tight credit on output from their empirical results, which is of particular interest in discussion of the Polish case.The paper ends with a summary of the reform outcomes to date.  Keywords: Poland, liberalisation, stabilisation, credit market .
Colloquial Albanian : the complete course for beginners
Stock market reactions to profit warnings : effects of market trends and warning specification
Model Course 3.11 : Safety Investigation into Marine Casualties and Marine Incidents 2014.
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
Move. Advanced : class CD set
EC study guide to environment-related courses
Learn in your car : Russian : the complete language course
Foreign Trade and Exchange Rate in Czechoslovakia : Challenges of the Transition and Economic Recovery
Vietnamese on the go!
Designing courses for higher education
Summer and the city : a Carrie diaries novel
Turkish on the go!
Polish : the complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Learn in your car : Japanese : the complete language course
Moral conflicts perceived by clients, students, and instructors of a student project course in computing
English made easy. Volume 1, A new ESL approach: Learning english through pictures
Colloquial Finnish : the complete course for beginners
Hebrew on the go!
Moodle 3.x teaching techniques : creative ways to build powerful and effective online courses with Moodle 3.0
University of Joensuu - UNEP Conference on International..
Nonlinearities in exchange rate : evidence from smooth transition regression model
English for Russian speakers on the go!
Facilitating online learning : effective strategies for moderators
Learn Finnish : survival phrases
e-Chance for women : evaluation of ICT-cources organized by Jakobstad's Svenska Arbetarinstitut
International Summer Schools
Applied economic control 1998 = Tillämpad ekonomistyrning 1998
Healthy English
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
Modeling and forecasting implied volatility
Who's calling?
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
Adult education and food : case study Hiiden Opisto
Essays on purchasing power parity puzzle
Learning Hindi is a gateway to many other official languages spoken all over Asia and the Middle East. By choosing to learn Hindi, you are opening yourself up to a magical world of fascinating culture, ancient history, sublime cuisine, and wonderful people.
Essentials of online course design : a standards-based guide
China's foreign exchange system currently combines a virtual peg to the US dollar with direct capital account controls.With accession to the World Trade Organisation, China's capital control regime can be expected to lose its effectiveness in the face of accelerating liberalisation of trade and investment.While the country may experience in the medium term an increase in nominal and real shocks, the easing of capital controls is an inevitable requisite promoting development of China's domestic financial markets and integration with the global trade system and capital markets.Soft pegs with wide fluctuation bands or similar arrangements that retain certain capital controls could thus be adopted in the interim.Then, as China's financial markets develop and enterprises and banks begin to adhere consistently to market principles, a more flexible foreign exchange regime such as a managed float with relaxed capital controls could be introduced. Key words: China, exchange rate system, WTO accession .
Arabic (Eastern) 3
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
The Interest in IATA/UFTAA courses in Finland : case: advanced- and travel agency marketing course
Exchange rate expectations and commercial bank risk-taking : a VAR approach with evidence from Estonia
China's exchange rate system after WTO accession / Some  considerations
Tension neck and evaluation of a physical training course among office workers in a bank corporation
The Battersea Park Road to paradise : five adventures in doing and being
Italian for dummies
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Learn in your car German complete
Collins easy learning Greek : audio course
LingoPix. British English
Web course design with topic-case driven methodology
Pedagogical manuscript for landscape ecology course
Swedish Tutor: Grammar And Vocabulary Workbook
Equilibrium exchange rates in Southeastern Europe, Russia, Ukraine and Turkey : healthy or (Dutch) diseased?
Collins easy learning Mandarin : audio course
Teaching engineering
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
ERM - from Risk Management to Leading the Opportunities
MOOC for Nordic education for teachers in the field of basic skills for adults : a feasibility studie
Physics laboratory course for talented high school students
Exchange rate changes and the Finnish sawnwood demand and price in the UK market
New cutting edge. Upper intermediate : class CDs
Fiscal policy in a two-sector model of a small open economy
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
Dollarization in Lithuania
Effective communication through the course feedback form in foreign language courses at HAAGA-HELIA
Assessing equilibrium exchange rates in CEE acceding countries: can we have DEER with BEER without FEER? : a critical survey of the literature
Arabic (Eastern) : the complete course 2 : Intermediate/Part A
On the impact of computer science outreach events on K-12 students
Swedish
Small closed virtual communities : case: power and support from the net rehabilitation courses for people with multiple sclerosis
Short courses and workshops : improving the impact of learning, training and professional development
The relevance of accuracy for the impact of macroeconomic news on volality
Currency risk management of Finnish enterprises in China : China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
Steps into English. 2, Student's CD = opiskelijan CD
Finnish course (from Arabic) : basic
Art school : a complete painters course
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
A few observations on the monetary and exchange rate policies  of transition economies
Designing instructional systems : decision making in course planning and curriculum design
A short course of Stalinism
Stepping stones. 2
Get started in Latin : for use with accompanying book Get started in Latin : absolute beginner
Spanish for dummies
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
Real exchange rate changes and exchange rate policy under economic transformation in Hungary and Central-Eastern Europe
Learn Finnish. Level 2, absolute beginner. Volume 1
Farsi on the go!
The complete drawing course
Collected papers presented at the first international interdisciplinary course on children's rights : held at the University of Ghent July 1996
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Direct to IELTS : class audio CD
Do football match outcomes impact stock prices of firms of the same geographic area? : evidence from Germany
Norwegian in three months cassette course : Hugo's simplified system
Curriculum leadership : development and implementation
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
The complete japanese verb guide
Arabic on the move : the lively audio language program for busy people
Software testing foundations : a study guide for the certified tester exam : foundation level, ISTQB compliant
Learning building archaeology at the Aboa Vetus ruins and Saari manor in the years 2005-2010
Learn Spanish. vol.1 : introduction to Spanish
E-learning and social networking handbook : resources for higher education
Thermodynamic and kinetic phenomena in hydrometallurgical processes : graduate school course, 25-27 October 2006, Espoo, Finland
Learn in your car : Spanish : the complete language course
Bridgman's complete guide to drawing from life : with drawings and text
"Professional testing of software is an essential task that requires a profound knowledge of testing techniques. The International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB) has developed a universally accepted, international qualification scheme aimed at software and system testing professionals, and has created the Syllabi and Tests for the "Certified Tester." Today about 300,000 people have taken the ISTQB certification exams. The authors of Software Testing Foundations, 4th Edition, are among the creators of the Certified Tester Syllabus and are currently active in the ISTQB. This thoroughly revised and updated fourth edition covers the "Foundations Level" (entry level) and teaches the most important methods of software testing. It is designed for self-study and provides the information necessary to pass the Certified Tester-Foundations Level exam, version 2011, as defined by the ISTQB. Also in this new edition, technical terms have been precisely stated according to the recently revised and updated ISTQB glossary. Topics covered: Fundamentals of Testing Testing and the Software Lifecycle Static and Dynamic Testing Techniques Test Management Test Tools Also mentioned are some updates to the syllabus that are due in 2015"--
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Stepping stones. 1
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
Arabic (Eastern) : the complete course 2. : Intermediate/Part B
New cutting edge. Intermediate : class CDs
Mango Languages teaches in-depth and comprehensive language and grammar skills.
Learn in your car : Italian : the complete language course
Going Chinese : Is Exchange Rate Undervaluation a Relevant Policy for Boosting Africa's Manufactured Export Sector
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Lithuania. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value. The study observes that, as the theory suggests, the degree of dollarization (measured as the ratio of foreign currency deposits to M2) depends on the interest rate differential,.However, exchange rate movements do not offer any additional explanatory power to dollarization.In all likelihood, this depends on the currency board system currently in place in Lithuania.Devaluation expectations are probably embodied to a large extent in the interest rate differential.Degree of dollarization exhibits also some inertia. .
Unraveling the essence of Finnishness and Finnish visual culture
Virtual courses on sustainable development in Baltic universities : considerations and recommendations for action
International economics : a European focus
Rapid training development : developing training courses fast and right
Theory of economic reform and the case of Poland
How to write & prepare training materials
Exchange rate risk management in project business : a case study
Instructional and cognitive impacts of Web-based education
Move. Pre-intermediate : class CD set
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
ICT as a rural development tool : national Finnish strategies v. the experiences with a local telecottage
Directional forecasting of EURUSD exchange rate using classification approach
Learn in your car French complete language course
Pat and Polly - passport to Finland : opiskelijan CD
Finnish course (from Thai) : basic
The advising quarterly : for professionals in international education
Karmannaja grammatika russkogo jazyka dlja inostrantsev = Pocket Russian grammer for foreigners = Taschenbuch der russischen Grammatik für Auslander
Chartism and exchange rate volatility
Pedagogical Manuscript for Landscape Ecology Course
Korean on the go!
Stock price reaction to layoff announcements in Finland : inter-industry differences
Managing the modular course : perspectives from Oxford Polytechnic
A handbook for All Our Children's adoption preparation course mentors
Complete Finnish
Polish : the complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
French for dummies
The foundation for this project based thesis comes from cookery courses given by the author in  Hiiden Opisto adult education centre in Lohja. Oriental, French, Thai, Food Journey to Europe, Indian and Italian cookery courses were given between autumn 2003 and spring 2005.   But why do people participate in cookery courses, what are the motives and why did they choose an ethnic or a European cookery course? It seems that people who have more travelling experience participate in the ethnic courses, are more willing to try new flavours and want new tastes in their cuisine. People participating in European cookery courses are more interested in cookery in general and want to use familiar ingredients in a new way.  The first adult education centre in Finland was formed in 1889 in Tampere and the aim was to offer evening education to workers. This notion is still valid today. Cookery courses are a part of adult education. Consumer behaviour in relation to food, Finnish restaurant culture and travelling habits were studied to find out why food interests people today.  Without urbanisation and an increase of standards of living, consuming and interest towards food as we know it, could not exist. The term consumer is only about a century old. Eating has become less formal and Finnish cuisine has diversified over the past decades.  Restaurant culture has experienced great changes from government strictly regulated necessity into a considerable business. Travelling increased in Finland in the 1970's and the most popular destination, relevant to cuisine, is Spain. Travelling has taught Finns to try new flavours and eat in restaurants but directly, it hasn't had a very extensive impact in formation of restaurants. Travelling has added new words such as feta, tapas, antipasto and meze into our vocabulary.   Hiiden Opisto adult education centre cookery courses were examined as project. Planning included familiarising with the food culture, identifying the most common dishes and recipes and clarifying the acquisition of ingredients. Implementation involved the acquisition of ingredients, teaching people about the food culture, ingredients and preparation methods and supervise the cooking. Results were identified by two feed back surveys and evaluation consisted on the analysis of these surveys.
Modelling forex returns with computational market dynamics
Face2face. Intermediate : class audio CDs (3)
The textile directory 2007
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Inflation and exchange rate regimes in transition economies : currency board arrangement as a special case
The challenge of choosing an optimal exchange rate regime for  China
Customer Satisfaction Research: Euro-Lingua Language School
Collins easy learning Portuguese : audio course
Making the most of summer school : a meta-analytic and narrative review
Premium. C1 level : coursebook
