http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p927 femininity
femininity
Writing the voice of pleasure : heterosexuality without women
The ambiguity of gendered religion
Makeover TV : selfhood, citizenship, and celebrity
Fifty shades of feminism
In This Sex Which Is Not One, Luce Irigaray elaborates on some of the major themes of Speculum of the Other Woman, her landmark work on the status of woman in Western philosophical discourse and in psychoanalytic theory. In eleven acute and widely ranging essays, Irigaray reconsiders the question of female sexuality in a variety of contexts that are relevant to current discussion of feminist theory and practice. Among the topics she treats are the implications of the thought of Freud and Lacan for understanding womanhood and articulating a feminine discourse; classic views on the significance of the difference between male and female sex organs; and the experience of erotic pleasure in men and in women. She also takes up explicitly the question of economic exploitation of women; in an astute reading of Marx she shows that the subjection of woman has been institutionalized by her reduction to an object of economic exchange. Throughout Irigaray seeks to dispute and displace male-centered structures of language and thought through a challenging writing practice that takes a first step toward a woman's discourse, a discourse that would put an end to Western culture's enduring phallocentrism. Making more direct and accessible the subversive challenge of Speculum of the Other Woman, this volume - skillfully translated by Catherine Porter (with Carolyn Burke) - will be essential reading for anyone seriously concerned with contemporary feminist issues.
The gendered language of warfare in the Israelite-Assyrian encounter
Masculinity on a rollercoaster : Diffusion on metrosexuality
From tomboys to little women : how Jo March and Anne Shirley construct their femininity
Club cultures and female subjectivity : the move from home to house
"God Is Our Mother" : Julian of Norwich and the Medieval Image of Christian Feminine Divinity
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Sermons for young women, 1766
The miseducation of women
Finnish summary.
Social reconstruction of the feminine character
Ideals of feminine beauty : philosophical, social, and cultural dimensions
How does gender matter? : on Hollywood police thrillers from 1990 to 2004
The spectacle of intimacy : a public life for the Victorian family
Conscious femininity : interviews with Marion Woodman : introduction and two articles
The female thing : dirt, sex, envy, vulnerability
The power of beauty
Does the woman exist? : from Freud's hysteric to Lacan's feminine
Captivating : a guided journal to aid in unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Feminine knits : 22 timeless designs
This volume brings together twenty original essays on the changes and continuities in gender relations and intersecting politics of sexuality, race, class and location. The book is situated in debates about contemporary culture at a moment of rapid technological change, global interconnectedness and the growing cultural dominance of neoliberalism and postfeminism. The collection traverses disciplines, spaces and approaches. It is marked by an extraordinarily wide focus, ranging from analyses of celebrity magazines and makeover shows to examinations of the experiences of young female migrants, 'mail order brides' and young women who repudiate feminism. The contributions are united by their attempts to think through the ways in which experiences and representations of femininity are changing in the twenty-first century. Are we seeing new femininities? Are neoliberalism and postfeminism constructing new identities and subjectivities? What kinds of analytic tools and cultural politics are needed to engage critically with the current moment? This book will be of interest to everyone studying gender, media or cultural studies.
New femininities : postfeminism, neoliberalism and subjectivity
Why Mars & Venus collide
Onnagata : a labyrinth of gendering in kabuki theater
Reproducing Irish identities : gender and nationalism in Morgan Llywelyn's 1916 and 1921
Feminine, masculine and representation
Beauty queens on the global stage : gender, contests, and power
Letters to a young lady, 1811
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Barbie - the icon, the image, the ideal : an analytical interpretation of the Barbie doll in popular culture
The song of the marsh queen : guerlesque and queer desire in Monika Fagerholm's novels The American girl and the Glitter scene
Why men lie & women cry
The cultural dimensions of masculinity versus femininity and the representation of gender in advertising images in Finland and the U.K
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
Women's bodies and the culture of politeness : creating and contesting gendered identities in eighteenth-century England
Sex & gender : an introduction
Kabuki is well known for its exaggerated acting, flamboyant costumes and makeup, and unnatural storylines. The onnagata, usually male actors who perform the roles of women, have been an important aspect of kabuki since its beginnings in the 17th century. In a "labyrinth" of gendering, the practice of men playing women's roles has affected the manifestations of femininity in Japanese society. In this case study of how gender has been defined and redefined through the centuries, Maki Isaka examines how the onnagata's theatrical gender "impersonation" has shaped the concept and mechanisms of femininity and gender construction in Japan. The implications of the study go well beyond disciplinary and geographic cloisters.
The man who would be queen : the science of gender-bending and transsexualism
This sex which is not one
Femme : feminists, lesbians and bad girls
Unitarianism and discourse in Elizabeth Gaskell's Mary Barton
After the lovedeath : sexual violence and the making of culture
Tappion tunne = A sense of loss
Women and fashion : a new look
Yuki-onna : japanese femininity in the piano music of Pehr Henrik Nordgren
Femme seeks to redress the ways that femme identities have been elided, idealized, or not fully historicized in a productive reconsideration of lesbian and butch-femme history, of feminism, and of queer thought. As a feminist project, Femme offers an alliance between many communities of women previously passed over by feminism. Contributors: Leah Lilith Albrecht-Samarasinha, Barbara Cruikshank, Madeline Davis, Heather Findlay, Jewelle Gomez, Kelly Hankin, Leslie Henson, Amber Hollibaugh, Elizabeth Lapovsky Kennedy, Mabel Maney, Katherine Millersdaughter, Joan Nestle, Lisa Ortiz, Minnie Bruce Pratt, Rebecca Ann Rugg, Gaby Sandoval, Marcy Sheiner, Alex Robertson Textor.
Alternative femininities : body, age and identity / Samantha Holland
Characterisation of Ally in the TV-series 'Ally McBeal' against stereotypical images and representations of current American white femininity
A feminist critique of education : 15 years of gender development
Letters on the improvement of the mind, 1773
The smart girls guide to getting what you want : how to be assertive with wit, style and grace
Woman becomes an "individual" : feminity and consumption in women's magazines 1954-69
Gender and material culture in Britain since 1600
Gender and popular culture
The faces of the goddess
Masculinity, femininity, and sexual attractiveness : a cross-national perspective
Brain storm : the flaws in the science of sex differences
From the host of the popular 'Steve Harvey morning show' comes a funny, honest, and foolproof guide for all women that takes them inside the heads of men and shows how men think about love, sex, and commitment.
The Burlesque handbook
Bitch : in praise of difficult women
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Secrets and mysteries: the glory and pleasure of being a woman
Natural masques : gender and identity in Fielding's plays and novels
Constructions of femininity in sabar performances
The burlesque handbook
Beauty's body : feminity and representation in British aestheticism
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
Vladimir Nabokov's Lolita as a parody of the performance of gender
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Nordic fashion studies
The face of fashion : cultural studies in fashion
Japanese femininities
Male rage, female fury : gender and violence in contemporary American fiction
Portrayal of female characters in three Mills and Boon novels
Women political leaders and the media
Women's bodies : discipline and transgression
Perfumes between Venus and Mars : how gender categorization of perfumes is (not) related to odor perception and odor preference
"The Routledge Companion to Media and Gender offers a comprehensive examination of media and gender studies, charting its histories, investigating ongoing controversies, and assessing future trends.The 59 chapters in this volume, written by leading researchers from around the world, provide scholars and students with an engaging and authoritative survey of current thinking in media and gender research.The Companion includes the following features: With each chapter addressing a distinct, concrete set of issues, the volume includes research from around the world to engage readers in a broad array of global and transnational issues and intersectional perspectives.Authors address a series of important questions that have consequences for current and future thinking in the field, including postfeminism, sexual violence, masculinity, media industries, queer identities, video games, digital policy, media activism, sexualization, docusoaps, teen drama, cosmetic surgery, media Islamophobia, sport, telenovelas, news audiences, pornography, and social and mobile media.A range of academic disciplines inform exploration of key issues around production and policymaking, representation, audience engagement, and the place of gender in media studies.The Routledge Companion to Media and Gender is an essential guide to the central ideas, concepts and debates currently shaping media and gender research"--
"A woman's right to shoes" : femininity and feminism in Sex and the city
The question of how boys become men or how girls become women may seem simple, but the answers can be complex. This new edition draws upon rich examples from research, popular media, and global accounts, to explore how gender is produced, consumed, regulated and performed in young lives today.
Is it okay to call God "Mother" : considering the feminine face of God
The construction of masculinities and femininities in Beverly Hills, 90210.
Gender, youth, and culture : global masculinities and femininities
Living dolls : the return of sexism
Jiejie : designing mobile phone [sic] for Chinese professional women
Some readings would see Barbie as reproducing ethnicity and gender in a particularly coarse and damaging way - a cultural icon of racism and sexism. Rogers develops a broader, more challenging picture. She shows how the cultural meaning of Barbie is more ambiguous than the narrow, appearance-dominated model that is attributed to the doll. For a start, Barbie's sexual identity is not clear-cut. Similarly her class situation is ambiguous. But all interpretations agree that, with her enormous range of lifestyle 'accessories', Barbie exists to consume.
The body (un)defined
The antidote to the idea that being a woman is all about submitting to desire. There are many more shades than that and here are fifty women to explore them.  Fifty years after the publication of The Feminine Mystique, have women really exchanged purity and maternity to become desiring machines inspired only by variations of sex, shopping and masochism - all coloured a brilliant neuro-pink?  In this volume, fifty women young and old - writers, politicians, actors, scientists, mothers - reflect on the shades that inspired them and what being woman means to them today.  Contributors include: Tahmima Anam, Joan Bakewell, Bidisha, Lydia Cacho, Nina Power, Shami Chakrabarti, Lennie Goodings, Linda Grant, Natalie Haynes, Siri Hustvedt, Jude Kelly, Kathy Lette, Kate Mosse, Bee Rowlatt, Elif Shafak, Ahdaf Soueif, Shirley Thompson, Natasha Walter, Jeanette Winterson - alongside the three editors.
The bitch rules : common sense advice for an uncommon life
Articulation of femininity in black metal lyrics : a case study on the lyrics of Cradle of Filth
Reimagining God : the case for scriptural diversity
Engendered trope in Joyce's Dubliners
Gender blending : confronting the limits of duality
Sex and gender
Women : the longest revolution : essays on feminism, literature and psychoanalysis
Beauty bound
Act like a lady, think like a man : what men really think about love, relationships, intimacy, and commitment
Searching for the new black man : black masculinity and women's bodies
"If God hadn't invented woman men would have had to do so" : construction of female identities in Parade's End by Ford Madox Ford
Weaving Truth : essays on Language And the Female in Greek Thought
Woman, body, desire in post-colonial India : narratives of gender and sexuality
The experiences of Tiresias : the feminine and the Greek man
Woman as design : before, behind, between, above, below
Life in a Japanese women's college : learning to be ladylike
Being gorgeous : feminism, sexuality and the pleasures of the visual
Looking on : images of femininity in the visual arts and media
In Chicana/o popular culture, nothing signifies the working class, highly-layered, textured, and metaphoric sensibility known as "rasquache aesthetic" more than black velvet art. The essays in this volume examine that aesthetic by looking at icons, heroes, cultural myths, popular rituals, and border issues as they are expressed in a variety of ways. The contributors dialectically engage methods of popular cultural studies with discourses of gender, sexuality, identity politics, representation, and cultural production. In addition to a hagiography of "locas santas," the book includes studies of the sexual politics of early Chicana activists in the Chicano youth movement, the representation of Latina bodies in popular magazines, the stereotypical renderings of recipe books and calendar art, the ritual performance of Mexican femaleness in the quinceañera, and mediums through which Chicano masculinity is measured.
Introducing postfeminism
Act like a lady, think like a man : what men really think about love, relationsips, intimacy, and commitment
Beyond feminism : toward a dialogue on difference
Lifting the veil : the feminine face of science
Act like a lady - think like a man : what men really thing about love, relationships, intimacy, and commitment
The painted face : portraits of women in France, 1814-1914
Women who run with the wolves : myths and stories of the wild woman archetype
This text reassesses how women are talked about and constructed visually across a range of popular media. Arguing for the importance of a historical approach, this book examines continuities and changes in dominant myths of femininity, especially in the transition from the modern to the postmodern period. The influences of feminism and consumerism on these developments are given particular attention. The book starts with an orientating chapter on the contributions of a variety of disciplines to our understanding of gender in relation to the media. Psychology, psychoanalysis, sociology, art history and cultural studies are each critically reviewed, enabling students to compare perspectives and to locate the variety of approaches they may encounter in other readings. A chapter on gender and consumerism and a detailed analysis of myths of femininity are also included. Outlining key theoretical debates in an accessible manner this book offers a wide range of examples from advertising, women's magazines, popular television programmes and mainstream film.
Exploring gender roles in Finnish and American youth : a critical review of Geert Hofstede's masculinity versus femininity dimension of national culture
Femininity and masculinity in eighteenth-century art and culture
Gender gap : the biology of male-female differences
Curvology : the origins and power of female body shape
Presentations of gender
Diane Torr : a day as a man : the politics of gender performance
Refiguring the sacred feminine : the poems of John Donne, Aemilia Lanyer, and John Milton
Pandora's senses : the feminine character of the ancient text
Women, myth, and the feminine principle
The Routledge companion to media and gender
"What does material culture tell us about gendered identities and how does gender reveal the meaning of spaces and things? This edited collection looks at the adornment of the body, dress and material cultures of the home and public spaces to demonstrate how people in Britain have presented themselves as gendered beings from 1600 through to today"--
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
The sex game
The corset : a cultural history
The age of feminine drawing
French women don't sleep alone  : pleasurable secrets to finding love
Representing women : myths of femininity in the popular media
