http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p928 gender roles
gender roles sex roles
Back to reality? : social experience and cultural studies
The core of the sun
Bringing up kids with the confidence to change the world.-- Cover
American Indian women : telling their lives
Professional progress : why women still don't have wives
They told you you need to be thin and beautiful. They told you to wear longer skirts, avoid going out late at night and move in groups, never accept drinks from a stranger, and wear shoes you can run in more easily than heels. They told you to wear just enough make-up to look presentable but not enough to be a slut; to dress to flatter your apple, pear, hourglass figure, but not to be too tarty. They warned you that if you try to be strong, or take control, you'll be shrill, bossy, a ballbreaker. Of course it's fine for the boys, but you should know your place. They told you that's not for girls, take it as a compliment, don't rock the boat, that'll go straight to your hips. They told you 'beauty is on the inside', but you knew they didn't really mean it. Well screw that. I'm here to tell you something else. Hilarious, jaunty and bold, this book exposes the truth about the pressures surrounding body image, the false representations in media, the complexities of a sex and relationships, the trials of social media and all the other lies they told us.
The world into which Mycroft and Carlyle have been born is as strange to our 21st-century eyes as ours would be to a native of the 1500s. It is a hard-won utopia built on technologically-generated abundance, and also on complex and mandatory systems of labeling all public writing and speech. And in this world, Mycroft and Carlyle have stumbled on the wild card that may destabilize the system: the boy Bridger, who can effortlessly make his wishes come true. Who can, it would seem, bring inanimate objects to life.
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
Abstracts of the refereed articles
Dead reckoning
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
A mother's eye : motherhood and feminism
Power plays : primary school children's contsructions of gender, power and adult work
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
The social psychology of gender
Ranma 1/2. vol. 6 / english adaptation by Gerard Jones and Toshifumi Yoshida and Matt Thorn
The glass wall : success strategies for women at work
Research reports No. 26-31 : Department of psychology, Institute of pedagogics = Tutkimusselosteet No. 26-31 : Psykologian laitos, Jyväskylän kasvatusopillinen korkeakoulu
Male and female : a study of the sexes in a changing world
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
Feminism in modern Japan : citizenship, embodiment, and sexuality
Ranma 1/2. 4 / translation Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn
Over the past three decades scholars have transformed the study of women and gender in early modern Europe. This Ashgate Research Companion presents an authoritative review of the current research on women and gender in early modern Europe from a multi-disciplinary perspective. The authors examine women's lives, ideologies of gender, and the differences between ideology and reality through the recent research across many disciplines, including history, literary studies, art history, musicology, history of science and medicine, and religious studies. The book is intended as a resource for scholars and students of Europe in the early modern period, for those who are just beginning to explore these issues and this time-period, as well as for scholars learning about aspects of the field in which they are not yet an expert. The companion not only offers a comprehensive examination of the current research on women in early modern Europe, but will act as a spark for new research in the field.
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Making sense of sex : how genes and gender influence our relationships
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Sex roles : a research bibliography
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
To be two
Integration of gender aspects in FINNIDA forestry and water supply projects and programmes
In this book a leading theorist on sex and gender discusses how hidden assumptions embedded in our cultural discourses, social institutions, and individual psyches perpetuate male power and oppress women and sexual minorities. Sandra Lipsitz Bem argues that these assumptions, which she calls the lenses of gender, shape not only perceptions of social reality but also the more material things - like unequal pay and inadequate daycare - that constitute social reality itself. Her penetrating and articulate examination of these hidden cultural lenses enables us to look at them rather than through them and to better understand recent debates on gender and sexuality. According to Bem, the first lens, androcentrism (male-centredness), defines males and male experience as a standard or norm and females and female experience as a deviation from that norm. The second lens, gender polarization, superimposes male-female differences on virtually every aspect of human experience, from modes of dress and social roles to ways of expressing emotion and sexual desire. The third lens, biological essentialism, rationalizes and legitimizes the other two lenses by treating them as the inevitable consequences of the intrinsic biological natures of women and men. After illustrating the pervasiveness of these three lenses in both historical and contemporary discourses of Western culture, Bem presents her own theory of how the individual either acquires cultural gender lenses and constructs a conventional gender identity or resists cultural lenses and constructs that we must reframe the debate on sexual inequality so that it focuses not only on the differences between men and women but on how male-centred discourses and institutions transform male-female difference into female disadvantage.
She-Q : why women should mentor men and change the world
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
Symptoms of being human
The aim of this book is to extend the political and the intellectual concerns of cultural studies to include the realm of social experience. From rap to rave, from menswear to "Marie Claire", from rock to sex tourism, each essay tackles issues of ideology, bodies, power and gender in contemporary popular culture.
Performing gender in medical soaps : power conflict management in the dialogue of Chicago Hope and Casualty
Bewitching women, pious men : gender and body politics in Southeast Asia
The power of beauty
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The woman who rides like a man
Unheroic conduct : the rise of heterosexuality and the invention of the Jewish man
Encouraging girls in mathematics : the problem and the solution
The natural superiority of women
Women and men : an anthropologist's view
Masculine / Feminine : readings in sexual mythology and the liberation of women
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
With the full effects of the Great Recession still unfolding, this collection of essays analyses the gendered economic impacts of the crisis. The volume, from an international set of contributors, argues that gender-differentiated economic roles and responsibilities within households and markets can potentially influence the ways in which men and women are affected in times of economic crisis.Looking at the economy through a gender lens, the contributors investigate the antecedents and consequences of the ongoing crisis as well as the recovery policies adopted in selected countries. There are case studies devoted to Latin America, transition economies, China, India, South Africa, Turkey, and the USA. Topics examined include unemployment, the job-creation potential of fiscal expansion, the behavioural response of individuals whose households have experienced loss of income, social protection initiatives, food security and the environment, shedding of jobs in export-led sectors, and lessons learned thus far. From these timely contributions, students, scholars, and policymakers are certain to better understand the theoretical and empirical linkages between gender equality and macroeconomic policy in times of crisis.
Trans voices : becoming who you are
The Ashgate research companion to women and gender in early modern Europe
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Redefining cultural subjectivities : Japanese women artists and strategies for power in contemporary Japanese society
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Futaba-kun change. 6 : Secrets revealed! / original translation by Sachiko Uchida
Gender perspectives and gender impacts of the global economic crisis
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 5
The worst princess
Gender role portrayals in advertising in relation to Hofstede's masculinity/feminity dimension of culture : a cross-cultural comparison of web advertisements in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
Why, how and to what extent does gender influence consumer behaviour? Beginning with a general introduction to gender and consumer behaviour, this volume addresses a range of topics including: gender as a cultural construct; comparison of self to advertising models; gender socializations; and changing gender roles. Each chapter begins with a discussion of the current issues and literature in psychology, sociology, history and anthropology, then proceeds to a presentation of current research on the interaction between gender, consumer behaviour and marketing.
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
When everything feels like the movies
After long silence ; Shadow's end ; Six moon dance
1000 lashes : because I say what I think
The female man
Gender and the European labour market
Ranma 1/2. vol. 2 / english adaptation Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn
That's what Dad says, anyway : gender representations in Key English textbooks
Ranma 1/2. vol. 7 / english adaptation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 11
Gender Roles : a sociological perspective
Gender and the local-global nexus : theory, research, and action
The lenses of gender : transforming the debate on sexual inequality
Ranma 1/2. 6 / translation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida & Matt Thorn
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 4
Adult gender roles in three traditional American Indian societies
Advances in gender research. Vol. 2
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
A Mirror to the Future : a follow-up conference to "Shaping Structural Change: the Role of Women" : national reports
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 2
Ranma 1/2. vol. 1 / english adaptation Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn
Understanding gender and organizations
The wake of the Lorelei Lee : being an account of the further adventures of Jacky Faber, on her way to Botany Bay
Women take issue : aspects of women's subordination
Sex roles, social class and political consciousness
In this work, French philosopher Luce Irigaray continues to explore the issue central to her thought: the feminist redefinition of being and identity. For Irigaray, the notion of the individual is twinned with a reconceived notion of difference, or alterity. What does it mean to be some "one"? How can identity be created or discovered, in relation to others? In "To Be Two" Irigaray gives clarity to her project, grounding it in relation to such major figures as Sartre, Levinas, and Merleau-Ponty. Yet at the same time, she enriches her discussion with an attempt to bring the elements - earth, fire, water - into philosophical discourse. Even the polarities of heaven and earth come to play in this text.
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
From the South Seas : studies of adolescence and sex in primitive societies
Ranma 1/2. 5 / translation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida & Matt Thorn
Gender issues and consumer behavior
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
Aged 30 Sharon Blackie found herself weeping in the car park of the multinational corporation where she worked, wondering if this was what a nervous breakdown felt like. With a PhD in Psychology she ought to have known. Somewhere along the line she realised she had lost herself. And so began a long winding journey back to authenticity, rootedness in place, and belonging. In this extraordinary book of myth memoir and modern day mentors Blackie faces the wasteland of Western culture, the repression of women, and the devastation of our planet. She boldly names the challenge to reimagine women's place in the world and to rise up firmly rooted in our own native landscapes and the powerful stories and wisdom which spring from them. If Women Rose Rooted offers a haunting heroine's journey for every woman who finds power inspiration and solace in the natural world.
In the hand of the Goddess
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Ranma 1/2. vol. 8 / english adaptation by Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida
Gender roles : a sociological perspective
Women and fiction 2 : short stories by and about women
Gender in call centre work
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Heterosexism or plasticity? : advertising images and audiences in constructing gender
Darling, you can't do both : and other noise to ignore on your way up
Masculine, feminine or human? : an overview of the sociology of the gender roles
Ranma 1/2. 2 / translation Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn
Earth mother in a test-tube : a study of contemporary western motherhood
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
Gender and power : society, the person and sexual politics
Women with men : three stories
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Biology as a social weapon : the Ann Arbor Science for the People editorial collective
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 10
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 9
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 6
The representation of gender roles in film advertising
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
To be a man : a guide to true masculine power
Chill
She's not the man I married : my life with a transgender husband
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Rocking your role : the 'how to ' guide to success for female breadwinners
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Ranma 1/2. vol. 4 / english adaptation Gerard Jones and Matt Thorn
"How will you do for a husband?" : the enactment of wifehood in Shakespeare's Macbeth
An analysis and comparison of rank balance theories
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 3
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 1
La famiglia : the ideology of Sicilian family networks
Advancing gender research from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries
Pitfalls in research on sex and gender
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
'Minna, the Model' and other stories : gender roles in an English textbook series for Finnish lower secondary schools
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 8
Living up to the Ads : gender fictions of the 1920s
Everyday sexism
Dance and gender
Sex-role attitudes in Finland 1966-1970
Gender in education
Intercourse : the twentienth anniversary edition
Lioness rampant
Contested modernities in Turkey : constituting the modern subject in Bilkent University
Raising my rainbow : adventures in raising a fabulous, gender creative son
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Advances in gender research. Vol. 3
Women and peace-building : did Security Council's resolution 1325 on women, security and peace empower women in post-conflict peace-building in Kosovo?
Eona : return of the dragoneye
Revisioning men's lives : gender, intimacy, and power
"A girl doesn't get a man by being brainy" : aspects of gender in Roald Dahl's Matilda and its Finnish and Swedish translations
Women and sex roles : a social psychological perspective
Masculinity & femininity : their psychological dimensions, correlates, & antecedents
Office ladies and salaried men : power, gender, and work in Japanese companies
Sex and the citadel : intimate life in a changing Arab world
Beliefs and attitudes of adolescents toward sex-role stereotyping in advertising
Intimate selving in Arab families : gender, self, and identity
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
The sex role system : psychological and sociological perspectives
Riddles of Finnish gender history
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Stephanie Garrett examines the recent work of feminists and other sociologists on gender, taking examples from a range of cultures.
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 7
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
The culture of gender and sexuality in the Caribbean
How to raise a feminist
Convergences between East and West : Tradition and modernity in sex roles in Sweden, Finland and the Soviet Union
Gender and advertising
The handmaid's tale
Catch : a novel
Too like the lightning
The family : change or continuity?
Rights and fairness : a cross-cultural analysis of the representation of gender relations in marriages in Vietnamese and British online comments
The edible woman
Ranma 1/2. 3 / translation Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn
Alanna : the first adventure
Interrogating postfeminism : gender and the politics of popular culture
Television and sex role stereotyping
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
In the language of the mother — re-storying the relational moral in teachers' stories
If women rose rooted : the power of the Celtic woman
Only ever yours
Advances in gender research. Vol. 1
The cultural unity of black Africa : the domains of patriarchy and of matriarchy in Classical Antiquity
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
On living through Soviet Russia
Gender perspectives on the formation of the professional field for caring and education of children
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Women and food in rural-traditional Finland : social and symbolic dimensions
Boys don't knit
The role of non formal education in transforming power relations and challenging gender : a critical case study of an alternative basic education programme in Alaba Kulito, Ethiopia
We should all be feminists
Essential trade : Vietnamese women in a changing marketplace
Down with stereotypes! : eliminating sexism from children's literature and school textbooks
Female entrepreneurship : some motivational and psychological aspects
Gender and everyday life
This text provides a balanced, non-polarized view of controversial issues that dispel gender myths and demonstrates how material can be meaningfully applied to a student's personal life. Focusing on the most recent research and theory - both in the U.S. and globally - Gender Roles provides an in-depth, survey and analysis of modern gender roles and issues from a sociological perspective while also integrating insights and research from other disciplines like biology, psychology, anthropology and history.
Thoughts on family, gender, generation and class : a festschrift to Ulla Björnberg
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
