http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9288 business mathematics
business mathematics commercial mathematics
Mathematics for economists : an introductory textbook
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of business mathematics
Mathematics for economists : an elementary survey
Mathematica® for microeconomics : learning by example
Stochastic calculus and differential equations for physics and finance
Business mathematics
Schaum's outline of basic business mathematics / Eugene Don, Joel Lerner
Mathematical analysis : business and economic applications
Mathematics for economics
Mathematical methods and theory in games, programming and economics. Volume I, Matrix games, programming, and mathematical economics
Advanced mathematics for economists : static and dynamic optimization
Mathematics for economics and business
Essential mathematics for economics and business
Business data analysis using Excel
Nonlinear dynamics and heterogenous interacting agents
Economics and computation : an introduction to algorithmic game theory, computational social choice, and fair division
Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers : brief
Return distributions in finance
Business math
Rational choice and revealed preference : a fuzzy approach
Tests against stationary and explosive alternatives in vector autoregressive models
This textbook gives a comprehensive introduction to stochastic processes and calculus in the fields of finance and economics, more specifically mathematical finance and time series econometrics. Over the past decades stochastic calculus and processes have gained great importance, because they play a decisive role in the modeling of financial markets and as a basis for modern time series econometrics. Mathematical theory is applied to solve stochastic differential equations and to derive limiting results for statistical inference on nonstationary processes. This introduction is elementary and rigorous at the same time. On the one hand it gives a basic and illustrative presentation of the relevant topics without using many technical derivations. On the other hand many of the procedures are presented at a technically advanced level: for a thorough understanding, they are to be proven. In order to meet both requirements jointly, the present book is equipped with a lot of challenging problems at the end of each chapter as well as with the corresponding detailed solutions. Thus the virtual text - augmented with more than 60 basic examples and 40 illustrative figures - is rather easy to read while a part of the technical arguments is transferred to the exercise problems and their solutions
On risk adjusted valuation : a certainty equivalent characterization of a class of stochastic control problems
Mastering financial mathematics in Microsoft® Excel : a practical guide for business calculations
Study guide to accompany Business math
Differential equations, bifurcations, and chaos in economics
Schaum's outline of mathematics of finance
Studies in the mathematical theory of inventory and production
Stochastic processes and calculus : an elementary introduction with applications
Modeling financial time series with S-plus
The worlds of Wall Street and The City have always held a certain allure, but in recent years have left an indelible mark on the wider public consciousness and there has been a need to become more financially literate. The quantitative nature of complex financial transactions makes them a fascinating subject area for mathematicians of all types, whether for general interest or because of the enormous monetary rewards on offer. An Introduction to Quantitative Finance concerns financial derivatives - a derivative being a contract between two entities whose value derives from the price of an underlying financial asset - and the probabilistic tools that were developed to analyse them. The theory in the text is motivated by a desire to provide a suitably rigorous yet accessible foundation to tackle problems the author encountered whilst trading derivatives on Wall Street. The book combines an unusual blend of real-world derivatives trading experience and rigorous academic background. Probability provides the key tools for analysing and valuing derivatives. The price of a derivative is closely linked to the expected value of its pay-out, and suitably scaled derivative prices are martingales, fundamentally important objects in probability theory. The prerequisite for mastering the material is an introductory undergraduate course in probability. The book is otherwise self-contained and in particular requires no additional preparation or exposure to finance. It is suitable for a one-semester course, quickly exposing readers to powerful theory and substantive problems. T
The Handbook of Cliometrics is a milestone in the field of historical economics and econometric history through its emphasis on the concrete contribution of cliometrics to our knowledge in economics and history. The articles in the handbook authored by the leading scholars in the fields, stress the usefulness of cliometrics for economists, historians and social scientists in general. The Handbook offers a comprehensive coverage of topics with each article providing an overview of the contributions of cliometrics to a particular topic. The Handbook sets a new standard of quality in the field by offering a world-wide forum of discussion in cliometrics.
Economics : complex windows
Introduction to finite mathematics
Business mathematics and statistics
Finite mathematics for business, economics, life sciences and social sciences
An introduction to a mathematical treatment of economics
Interest rate models : an introduction
A mathematical kaleidoscope : applications in industry, business and science
Merchandising mathematics
Principles of econometrics
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of introduction to mathematical economics
Theory of games and economic behavior
An undergraduate introduction to financial mathematics
Louis Bachelier's theory of speculation : the origins of modern finance
Probability theory in finance : a mathematical guide to the Black-Scholes formula
Electricity derivative markets : investment valuation, production planning and hedging
Limit cycles for some nonlinear dynamical models, with an application to business cycle theory
Quantitative methods / Ian Jacques
Theory of stochastic processes : with applications to financial mathematics and risk theory
Numerical methods in finance
Economic dynamics : phase diagrams and their economic application
The mathematical groundwork of economics : an introductory treatise
Economic dynamics : theory and computation
Introductory mathematics for economics and business
Lectures on BSDEs, stochastic control, and stochastic differential games with financial applications
Game theory
Essential mathematics for market risk management
Optimization modeling with spreadsheets
About the periodic matrix of economic systems
Mathematics for the trades : a guided approach
Mathematics for economics and business : an interactive introduction
Continuous-time stochastic control and optimization with financial applications
Introduction to matrix theory : with applications to business and economics
Stochastic optimization problems arise in decision-making problems under uncertainty, and find various applications in economics and finance. On the other hand, problems in finance have recently led to new developments in the theory of stochastic control. This volume provides a systematic treatment of stochastic optimization problems applied to finance by presenting the different existing methods: dynamic programming, viscosity solutions, backward stochastic differential equations, and martingale duality methods. The theory is discussed in the context of recent developments in this field, with complete and detailed proofs, and is illustrated by means of concrete examples from the world of finance: portfolio allocation, option hedging, real options, optimal investment, etc.
Nonlinear optimization with financial applications
Spatial and spatiotemporal econometrics
Game theory and applications
Contemporary business mathematics for colleges
Stochastic implied volatility : a factor-based model
Encyclopedia of optimization
Elements of mathematical economics
A course on cooperative game theory
Recent developments in applied probability and statistics : dedicated to the memory of Jürgen Lehn
Optimal stochastic control, stochastic target problems, and backward SDE
Optimization and stability theory for economic analysis
Business math demystified
An introduction to quantitative finance
Handbook of mathematical economics. 1
Mathematical finance
Bayesian non- and semi-parametric methods and applications
Maths and statistics for business
Business mathematics : a collegiate approach
Extreme value methods with applications to finance
Foundations of mathematical economics
Financial statistics and mathematical finance : methods, models and applications
Mathematics of economics and business
"The book will focus on elementary financial calculus, statistical models for financial data, option pricing.
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Mathematics for economics and finance : methods and modelling
Mathematics  for economics
Early developments in mathematical economics
Business math for dummies®
Large deviations of zeroes and fixed points of random maps with applications to equilibrium economics
Numerical methods for finance
Practical business math : an applications approach
Foundations and applications of the time value of money
Introductory econometrics : using Monte Carlo simulation with Microsoft Excel®
Handbook of Cliometrics
Essays on lookback and barrier options : a Malliavin calculus approach
Backward stochastic differential equations (BSDEs) provide a general mathematical framework for solving pricing and risk management questions of financial derivatives. They are of growing importance for nonlinear pricing problems such as CVA computations that have been developed since the crisis. Although BSDEs are well known to academics, they are less familiar to practitioners in the financial industry. In order to fill this gap, this book revisits financial modeling and computational finance from a BSDE perspective, presenting a unified view of the pricing and hedging theory across all asset classes. It also contains a review of quantitative finance tools, including Fourier techniques, Monte Carlo methods, finite differences and model calibration schemes. With a view to use in graduate courses in computational finance and financial modeling, corrected problem sets and Matlab sheets have been provided. Stéphane Crépeys book starts with a few chapters on classical stochastic processes material, and then... fasten your seatbelt... the author starts traveling backwards in time through backward stochastic differential equations (BSDEs). This does not mean that one has to read the book backwards, like a manga! Rather, the possibility to move backwards in time, even if from a variety of final scenarios following a probability law, opens a multitude of possibilities for all those pricing problems whose solution is not a straightforward expectation. For example, this allows for framing problems like pricing with credit and funding costs in a rigorous mathematical setup. This is, as far as I know, the first book written for several levels of audiences, with applications to financial modeling and using BSDEs as one of the main tools, and as the song says: "it's never as good as the first time". Damiano Brigo, Chair of Mathematical Finance, Imperial College London While the classical theory of arbitrage free pricing has matured, and is now well understood and used by the finance industry, the theory of BSDEs continues to enjoy a rapid growth and remains a domain restricted to academic researchers and a handful of practitioners. Crépeys book presents this novel approach to a wider community of researchers involved in mathematical modeling in finance. It is clearly an essential reference for anyone interested in the latest developments in financial mathematics. Marek Musiela, Deputy Director of the Oxford-Man Institute of Quantitative Finance
Linear aggregation of economic relations
Basic probability theory with applications
Business Mathematics
Financial mathematics : a comprehensive treatment
Using financial and business calculators
Fixed point theorems with applications to economics and game theory
Practical business math procedures
Business math : using Excel
Handbook of computational finance
Financial and actuarial statistics : an introduction
Studies in mathematical economics
Financial modeling : a backward stochastic differential equations perspective
Basic mathematics for economists
Stochastic dominance : investment decision making under uncertainty
General competitive analysis
Mathematical economics
