http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9299 vegetative propagation
vegetative propagation
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 3, Gymnosperms
Rooting cuttings of tropical trees
International symposium on vegetative propagation of woody species, Pisa, Italy September 3-5, 1987
High-tech and micropropagation. 1
Tree physiology
Clonal forestry. 1, Genetics and biotechnology
Adapted propagation techniques for commercial crops of the tropics : proceedings of the Southeast Asian Regional Workshop on Propagation Techniques for Commercial Crops of the Tropics, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, 7-12 February, 1993
Plant propagation by tissue culture. The background. Vol. 1.
Proceedings of the International Plant Propagators Society : Australian region, May 17-20, 2012, Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia ; Eastern region, North America, October 10-13, 2012, Glen Mills, Pennsylvania, USA ; Great Britain and Ireland region, September 25928, 2012, East Malling research, East Malling, Kent, U.K. ; Japan region, October 27-28, 2012, Hamamatsu City, Shizouka Prefecture, Japan ; New Zealand region, April 26-29, 2012, Cromwell, New Zealand ; Southern Africa region, March 6-8, 2012, Villa Paradiso, Hartbeesport, South Africa ; Southern region, North America, October 14-17, 2012, Auburn, Alabama, USA ; Western region, September 19 to 22, 2012, Ventura, California, USA
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Seed Enhancement and Seedling Production Technology : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Propagation of adult curly-birch succeeds with tissue culture
Ectomycorrhizal fungi and exogenous growth regulators in vegetative propagation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Faidherbia albida in the West African semi-arid tropics : proceedings of a workshop, 22-26 Apr 1991, Niamey, Niger
Hartmann and Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Rescue of multiple embryos in almond through in vivo micrografts
Plant propagation : principles and practices
Breeding tropical trees : population structure and genetic improvement strategies in clonal and seedling forestry : proceedings of a conference held in Pattaya, Thailand 28 November - 3 December 1988
Applications of biotechnology in forestry and horticulture
Propagation of Garcinia kola (Heckel) by stem and root cuttings
Improving vegetatively propagated crops
Practical testing of Scots pine cutting propagation : a joint Metla-Skogforsk-Silava project
The effect of wood properties on the possibilities of propagating hybrid aspen vegetatively
Plant biotechnology : comprehensive biotechnology. Supplement 2
Graft-transmissible diseases of grapevines : handbook for detection and diagnosis
Establishment and use of juvenility for plant propagation in sterile and non-sterile conditions
Symposium on clonal forestry Uppsala, Sweden, April 8-9 1981.
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 2, Angiosperms
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 1, History, molecular and biochemical aspects and application
Adventitious rooting, micropropagation and the growth in Pinus contorta and Pinus sylvestris
The plant propagator's bible : a step-by-step guide to propagating every plant in your garden
Micropropagation of Betula and Quercus : Initial reports of the woody plant working group : COST 87
Clonal propagation of Detarium microcarpum from root cuttings
Micropropagation of hybrid aspen
Adventitious root formation in cuttings
Enhancement of micropropagation of Lonicera and Malus by exogenous factors
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 1
The effect of wood properties upon micropropagation efficiency in hybrid aspen clones
High-tech and micropropagation. 2
Proceedings of the IEA Task ll meeting and workshops on cell culture and coppicing in Oulu, Finland Aug. 24-29 1987
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Methods and Markers for Quality Assurance in Micropropagation : Cork, Ireland 24-27 August 1999
Rapid propagation of fast-growing woody species
Gliricidia production and use
Plant cell and tissue culture
Offers step-by-step instructions on the latest grafting techniques, and includes advice on choosing appropriate plant materials, making good graft cuts, and caring for the plant after the graft.
The availability of appropriate propagation techniques is a major constraint to the domestication of the forest trees widely used by rural communities; such as Garcinia kola (Heckel). This study tested the ability of root and stem cuttings to regenerate vegetatively when treated with indole-3-butyric acid (IBA), and set in non-mist poly-propagator within a shaded nursery. It found that G. kola is amenable to propagation by softwood stem cuttings. Attention was given to the effect of cutting age (softwood, semi hardwood) and IBA application with regard to the sprouting and rooting efficiency. Bud and leaf emergence time were also investigated, as was the coppicing ability of the stump. Results revealed that roots and branches from mature forest trees did not sprout under any culture conditions. The highest percentages of rooting (70-85%) were obtained with softwood cuttings set in non-mist poly-propagator, regardless of hormonal treatment. The mean numbers of buds (2.9 ± 0.4) and roots (2.6 ± 0.1) produced by softwood cuttings was significantly greater than those obtained in the Control. The best average emergence time of buds (25.1 days ± 9.3) and leaves (36.8days ± 8.4) was obtained with cuttings treated with IBA and set in non-mist poly-propagator against, 54.4 ± 12.5 and 72.6 ± 3.4 days respectively for the Control. In general, non-mist poly-propagator gave the best propagation results. When coppiced, the shoots emerging from stumps with one node were the most vigorous..
Graft-transmissible diseases of citrus : handbook for detection and diagnosis
Clonal forestry. 2, Conservation and application
Rootstocks for fruit crops
Proceedings of the IVth international symposium on acclimatization and establishment of micropropagated plants
Survey on the adoption of yam minisett technology in South-Western Nigeria
In vitro culture of higher plants
Multiplication of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.) from cuttings
Quality declared planting material : protocols and standards for vegetatively propagated crops : expert consultation, Lima, 27-29 November 2007
Resolving tropical forest resource concerns through tree improvement, gene conservation and domestication of new species : conference proceedings October 9-18, 1992 Cartagena and Cali, Colombia
Hartmann & Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Protocol for somatic embryogenesis in woody plants
Biotechnological improvement in rye breeding : androgenic, somatic embryogenesis and molecular identification of rye
Forest regeneration manual
Vegetative propagation of conifers for enhancing landscaping and tree breeding : proceedings of the Nordic meeting held in September 10th-11th 2008 at Punkaharju, Finland
Plant tissue culture : applications and limitations
Peppers : botany, production and uses
Cryopreservation techniques and their application in vegetatively propagated crop plants in Finland
Seed and planting material available to small-scale farmers in many developing countries is often of insufficient quality, which undermines potential yield and performance of crop production. In 1993, the FAO Plant Production and Protection Division (AGP) initiated an expert consultation that produced technical guidelines on standards and procedures for quality seeds, known as the quality declared seed (QDS) system. QDS, as a quality assurance scheme for seed production, is less demanding than full quality control systems and, thus, can be more easily implemented in situations where resources are limited. However, crop species propagated by diverse vegetative structures such as setts, stem cuttings, tubers, suckers, corms and others have not been included in QDS, even though some of these species are of major importance for agricultural production and food security. Many of these crops, such as yam, cassava and sweetpotato, belong to tropical or subtropical agricultural systems and are staple foods in many developing countries. This publication presents protocols and standards for the production of quality planting material of the most important vegetatively reproduced crops.--Preface
Forest tree physiology : proceedings of the International Symposium 25-30 September, 1988 Nancy, France
Plant cell and tissue culture : a tool in biotechnology : basics and application
Proceedings of the International Plant Progators' Society : Australian Region, May 15-19, 2013, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia : Eastern Region, North America, October 8-11, 2013, Naperville, Illinois, USA : Japan Region, October 19-20, 2013, Ogaki, Gifu, Japan : New Zealand Region, April 25-28, 2013, Taupo, North Iland, New Zealand : Southern Africa Region, March 5-6, 2013, Goedgedacht In Riebeek Kasteel, South Africa : Southern Region, North America, November 2-6, 2013, Athens, Georgia, USA : Western Region, October 1-4, 2013, Portland, Oregon, USA
Summary.
Super Sitka for the 90s
Performance of micropropagated plants of silver birch (Betula pendula) in a field trial
Exploring the physiological basis of cryopreservation success and failure in clonally propagated in vitro crop plant germplasm
Scale-up and automation in plant propagation
Plant propagation A to Z : growing plants for free
Genetics of Scots pine
The latest techniques for propagating crops with terminal, stem, and leaf/stem cuttings are the focus of this horticulture handbook. All the bases are covered - propagation basics, stock plant management, media, temperature, light, nutrition, plant growth regulators, insect and disease management, equipment, and postharvest handling. From these general subjects, the editors focus in on specifics for scores of specialty bedding plants, perennials, specialty cut flowers, and foliage plants. Then they zoom in even closer, covering more than 60 important floriculture crops in detail so propagators and growers can provide high-quality cuttings and young plants to the market.
Practical woody plant propagation for nursery growers
Micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Cryopreservation and genetic stability of Dendranthema grandiflora Tzvelev in vitro cultures
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated plants : Sani-Halkidiki, Macedonia, Greece, 19-22 September. 2001
Breeding of broad-leaved trees and micropropagation of forest trees : proceedings of the meeting of the Nordic Group for Tree Breeding in Finland 19.-21.9.1989
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated Plants
Micropropagation of Sitka spruce
Studies on the vegetatively propagated onions cultivated in Finland, with special reference to flowering and storage
Microcutting propagation of pine and spruce
Ecological evaluation of clonal forestry with cutting-propagated Norway spruce
Effects of rooting media and auxin treatments on the rooting ability of Rupestris du Lot (Vitis rupestris) rootstock cuttings
Creative propagation
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 2
Cutting propagation : a guide to propagating and producing floriculture crops
The reference manual of woody plant propagation : from seed to tissue culture : a practical working guide to the propagation of over 1100 species, varieties and cultivars
Proceedings of the tenth North American forest biology workshop : physiology and genetics of reforestation July 20-22, 1988 Vancouver, British Columbia
Results from a trial of Eucalyptus grandis cuttings assessed after seven years
The manual of plant grafting : practical techniques for ornamentals, vegetables, and fruit
Cordia alliodora : genetics and tree improvement
