http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9297 exercise planning
exercise planning sport planning
Great sporting graphics
Sport and adventure tourism
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Accessible tourism : concepts and issues
Golf course news international
Event management : for tourism, cultural, business, and sporting events
Use of the activity model in sport planning
Therapeutic exercise : treatment planning for progression
Testing athletic performance in team and power sports
Inside the world of board graphics : skate, surf, snow
The organization and administration of playgrounds and recreation
Developing successful sport marketing plans
Event management  : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Enabling play : designing accessible playground equipment for and with children
Inclusive urban design : streets for life
Human dimension & interior space : a source book of design reference standards
Äänijooga : wellbeing through sound and movement
Travel fit & healthy
The game planners : transforming Canada's sport system
Accessible Finnish Sauna
Summary  This unique book explores the complex and diverse nature of Sports Marketing, presenting a framework to help explain and organize the sports marketing process. Written from a true strategic marketing perspectiveby a professor of marketing in a college of businessit illustrates the application of marketing principles and processes to the sports industry.  Table of contents  I. CONTINGENCY FRAMEWORK FOR STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING.                       1. Emergence of Sports Marketing.                      2. Overview of the Contingency Framework for Strategic Sports Marketing.                      3. External and Internal Contingencies.                     II. PLANNING FOR MARKET SELECTION DECISIONS.                       4. Research Tools for Understanding Sports Consumers.                      5. Understanding Participants as Consumers.                      6. Understanding Spectators as Consumers.                      7. Segmentation, Targeting and Positioning.                    III. PLANNING THE SPORTS MARKETING MIX.                       8. Sports Products/Service Concepts.                      9. Developing and Managing Sports Products/Services.                      10. Promotion Concepts.                      11. Promotion Mix Elements.                      12. Sponsorship Programs.                      13. Distribution Concepts.                      14. Pricing Concepts.                      15. Developing A Pricing Strategy.                    IV. IMPLEMENTING AND CONTROLLING THE STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING                  PROCESS.                       16. Implementing and Controlling the Strategic Sports Marketing Process.                      Appendix A: Careers Opportunities in Sports Marketing.                      Appendix B: Sports Marketing Sites of Interest on the Internet.
Suomen ympäristörakentaminen 2008 = Finnish landscape architecture 2008
Exploratory design of a locative tool for urban lifestyle sports communities : a case study in connecting locative and audiovisual media sharing aspects in Fusion software
EU-funds as a possibility for sports people
Motivating people to be physically active
Year book. 1986-1987
Mobile applications to support physical exercise : motivational factors and design strategies
Concept Design for a Fitness Center
The complete idiot's guide to beating stress
Event management in sport, recreation and tourism : theoretical and practical dimensions
The best in swimweard design
Sport in the city : the role of sport in economic and social regeneration
Design without limits : designing and sewing for special needs
Toward useful services for elderly and people with disabilities : 9th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics, ICOST 2011, Montreal, Canada, June 20-22, 2011 : proceedings
Body, town planning, and participation : the roles of young people and sport
The reform of the CAP and other significant changes in countryside policies have given rise to a fundamental reassessment of the ways in which we use our rural land. In this book, Nigel Curry gives a full critical appraisal of policies and plans for countryside recreation and access. He proposes, in the context of rural restructuring, a range of new directions for policy and planning that will better serve the needs of the public and the countryside alike. Countryside Recreation, Access and Land Use Planning is structured around five main propositions: that the fragmented way in which agencies responsible for rural leisure are organized has inhibited the development of coherent policies and plans; that there has been a confusion between the responsibilities of the public sector and those of the market place and provision has been piecemeal and uncoordinated as a result; that policies and plans have, in the main, ignored the social composition of recreation participation and have failed to take people's preferences into account; that policy and planning have been concerned with the rights of the landowner and a fear of a recreation explosion rather than the development of recreation opportunities and as such, have been unduly restrictive; and that policies and plans for recreation and access have been given an unjustifiably low priority in pressures for change in the countryside, particularly in relation to those in the conservation interest.
Strategic sports event management
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
The care of the golf course
Ongelma vai haaste? : julkisten rakennusten liikkumisesteiden poistaminen = Ett problem eller en utmaning? : att anpassa offentliga byggnader för rörelsehindrade = Problem or challenge : the removal of barriers preventing accessibility to public buildings
Open water as a sportscape : analysis of canoeing in Finland for developing sport infrastructure and services
User orientation through experience : a study of hobbyist knowing in product development
Abstract: From togetherness to project activity : a case study on the development of a neighbourhood in Kainuu and the role of physical activity in joint planning.
Sport and leisure operations management
Sport facility planning and management
Towards accessible transport : accessibility strategy of the Ministry of Transport and Communications
Planning areas and facilities for health, physical education, and recreation
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
Sports marketing : a strategic perspective
Urban planning and sustainable tourism development : case barrier free tourism in Porvoo
The enabling garden : creating barrier-free gardens
Metric handbook : planning and design data
Event management : a professional and developmental approach
Strategic sports event management : an international approach
Providing accessible accommodation for all
Enabling environments : measuring the impact of environment on disability and rehabilation
Managing sport events
Building your own climbing wall  : illustrated instructions and plans for indoor and outdoor walls
Sport, recreation and green space in the European city
Improving accessibility in scheduled air traffic
"This book provides you with a body of knowledge in sports facility operations management that can be transferred to any type of facility around the globe to enable you to successfully and safely manage these activities."--BOOK JACKET.
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Event management : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
High-access home : design and decoration for barrier-free living
The Sports event management and marketing playbook
Accessible homes
Skateboarding : instruction, programming, and park design
Universal design : creating inclusive environments
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
Golf course management and construction : environmental issues
Planning facilities for health, physical education and recreation
Event management : a developmental and managerial approach
Sport facility operations management
Interoperability and accessibility of transport modes
Event planning : the ultimate guide to successful meeting, corporate events, fundraising galas, conferences, conventions, incentives and other special events
Inclusive design : designing and developing accessible environments
Sports management and administration
Contemporary club management
Sport promotion and sales management
The Best in sportswear design
Proceedings
Project management of an international golf event : case: The Finnish Amateru Championship
Managing public sport and leisure services
Post trail running race recovery enhancing apparel
"Event Planning takes you behind the scenes and through every aspect of organizing and executing a successful event: the planning stages, timing and logistics, budget preparation, operations, and on-site management, providing practical tools for anyone who has to plan and execute a truly special event."
Providing accessible visitor attractions
Managing sport facilities and major events
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
Countryside recreation, access and land use planning
A guide for planning facilities for athletics, recreation, physical & health education
