http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p929 womanhood
womanhood
Berlin coquette : prostitution and the new German woman, 1890/1933
Lip service : the myth of female virtue in love, sex and friendship
A literature of their own : British women novelists from Brontë to Lessing
Tales from the clit : a female experience of pornography
Backwards in high heels : the impossible art of being female
Without rival : embrace your identity and purpose in an age of confusion and comparison
The bitch rules : common sense advice for an uncommon life
Germaine Greer proclaims that the time has come to get angry again! Modern feminism has become the victim of unenlightened complacency, and what started out in the Sixties as a movement for liberation has become one that has sought and settled for equality. With fiery rhetoric, authoritative insight, outrageous humour and broad-ranging debate, Greer shows that, although women have indeed come a very long way in the last thirty years, the notion of our 'having it all' has disguised the persistent discrimination and exploitation that continues to exist for women in the basic areas of health, sex, politics, economics and marketing. Erudite, eccentric, provocative and invigorating, Germaine Greer once again sets the agenda for the future of feminism. Here is all the polemical power that sold over a million copies of The Female Eunuch and kept its author at the heart of controversy ever since. The Whole Woman was a No. 1 Sunday Times bestseller for five weeks when it was first published in 1999, and was hailed by the critics as a 'polemical bomb' (Guardian) and as required reading for thinking adults everywhere.
Coming out of feminism
Are you a Jackie or a Marilyn? : timeless lessons on love, power, and style
The new woman : fiction and feminism at the fin de siècle
Women without men : single mothers and family change in the new Russia
Portrayal of female characters in three Mills and Boon novels
Back on top : a woman's guide to sef-esteem and happiness
The vagenda : a zero tolerance guide to the media
"Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible examines the Hebrew Bible's use of pollution language to characterize sexual relationships. Eva Feinstein argues that descriptions of female pollution reflect a view of women as sexual property, while descriptions of male pollution relate to Israel's holiness. The book enables a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
Role models : feminine identity in contemporary American photography
In a culture where beauty is currency, women's bodies are often perceived as measures of value and worth. The search for visibility and self-acceptance can be daunting, especially for those on the cultural margins of "beauty." Becoming Women offers a thoughtful examination of the search for identity in an image-oriented world. That search is told through the experiences of a group of women who came of age in the wake of second and third wave feminism, featuring voices from marginalized and misrepresented groups. Carla Rice pairs popular imagery with personal narratives to expose the "culture of contradiction" where increases in individual body acceptance have been matched by even more restrictive feminine image ideals and norms. With insider insights from the Dove Campaign for Real Beauty, Rice exposes the beauty industry's colonization of women's bodies, and examines why "the beauty myth" has yet to be resolved.
Alone of all her sex : the myth and cult of the Virgin Mary
In follow-up to her acclaimed Privilege of Being a Woman, Dr. von Hildebrand expands the discussion to explore how the fullness of human nature is found in the perfect union between man and woman. God chose to create man doubly complex. He made man of both soul and body a spiritual reality and a material reality. To crown this complexity, He created them male and female. Dr. von Hildebrand elucidates the tragic separation that happened with original sin and the consequences of this brokenness in the world today: the distortion of the male and female genius, supernatural blindness, and the triumph of secularism. She explores how this brokenness can be healed by following God's Divine plan for man and woman. We see this first and foremost in our Blessed Mother, exemplar of the path to holiness. This is also seen in the characteristics of saintly male / female relationships between husbands and wives, fathers and daughters, mothers and sons, brothers and sisters, and holy friendships. It is only by coming to more fully understand the Divine plan for man and woman, and submitting ourselves to His plan, that true complementarity harmony of body and soul, male and female can be accomplished.
A cow's dream
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Mommies who drink : sex, drugs, and other distant memories of an ordinary mom
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
Bodymakers : a cultural anatomy of women's body building
Kill the body, the head will fall : a closer look at women, violence, and aggression
What is object-relations theory and what does it have to do with literary studies? How can Freud's phallocentric theories be applied by feminist critics? In Psychoanalysis and Gender: An Introductory Reader Rosalind Minsky answers these questions and more, offering students a clear, straightforward overview without ever losing them in jargon.
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Food and femininity in twentieth-century British women's fiction
Be awesome : modern life for modern ladies
Grandmothers' stories : wise woman tales from many cultures
Women, motherhood and childrearing
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
Baroque reason : the aesthetics of modernity
Aged 30 Sharon Blackie found herself weeping in the car park of the multinational corporation where she worked, wondering if this was what a nervous breakdown felt like. With a PhD in Psychology she ought to have known. Somewhere along the line she realised she had lost herself. And so began a long winding journey back to authenticity, rootedness in place, and belonging. In this extraordinary book of myth memoir and modern day mentors Blackie faces the wasteland of Western culture, the repression of women, and the devastation of our planet. She boldly names the challenge to reimagine women's place in the world and to rise up firmly rooted in our own native landscapes and the powerful stories and wisdom which spring from them. If Women Rose Rooted offers a haunting heroine's journey for every woman who finds power inspiration and solace in the natural world.
Postfeminist digital cultures : femininity, social media, and self-representation
Women in literature : reading through the lens of gender
Bitter bitch : a novel
Sexuality in the field of vision
Masculinity and femininity today
Vagina : a new biography
Symbols of the goddess : universal signs of the divine female
Fifty shades of feminism
Bathing beauty Esther Williams, bombshell Jane Russell, exotic Carmen Miranda, chanteuse Lena Horne, and talk-show fixture Zsa Zsa Gabor are rarely hailed as great actors or as naturalistic performers. Those terms of praise are given to male stars like Marlon Brando and James Dean, whose gritty dramas are seen as a departure from the glossy spectacles in which these stars appeared. Like a Natural Woman challenges those assumptions, revealing the skill and training that went into the work of these five actresses, who employed naturalistic performance techniques, both onscreen and off. Bringing a fresh perspective to film history through the lens of performance studies, Kirsten Pullen explores the ways in which these actresses, who always appeared to be "playing themselves," responded to the naturalist notion that actors should create authentic characters by drawing from their own lives. At the same time, she examines how Hollywood presented these female stars as sex objects, focusing on their spectacular bodies at the expense of believable characterization or narratives.Pullen not only helps us appreciate what talented actresses these five women actually were, but also reveals how they sought to express themselves and maintain agency, even while meeting the demands of their directors, studios, families, and fans to perform certain feminine roles. Drawing from a rich collection of classic films, publicity materials, and studio archives, Like a Natural Woman lets us take a new look at both Hollywood acting techniques and the performance of femininity itself.
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Size sexy : how to look good, feel good and be happy - at any size
21th century girls : how female minds develop, how to raise bright, balanced girls and why today's world needs them more than ever
The Pre-Raphaelite body : fear and desire in painting, poetry, and criticism
Modern woman : the lost sex
Love your lady landscape : trust your gut, care for 'down there' and reclaim your fierce and feminine SHE power
Women who run with the wolves : contacting the power of the wild woman
"Where have all the interesting women gone? If the contemporary portrayal of womankind were to be believed, contemporary female achievement would culminate in the ownership of expensive handbags, a vibrator, a job, a flat and a man. Of course, no one has to believe the TV shows, the magazines and adverts, and many don't. But how has it come to this? Did the desires of twentieth-century women's liberation achieve their fulfilment in the shopper's paradise of 'naughty' self-pampering, playboy bunny pendants and bikini waxes? That the height of supposed female emancipation coincides so perfectly with consumerism is a miserable index of a politically desolate time. Much contemporary feminism, particularly in its American formulation, doesn't seem too concerned about this coincidence." "This short book is partly an attack on the apparent abdication of any systematic political thought on the part of today's positive, up-beat feminists. It suggests alternative ways of thinking about transformations in work, sexuality and culture that, while seemingly far-fetched in the current ideological climate, may provide more serious material for future feminism."--BOOK JACKET.
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Handbook of behavioral and emotional problems in girls
Sizesexy : How to look good, feel good and be happy - at any size
What is a woman? : Butler and Beauvoir on the foundations of the sexual difference
Beyond double stigma : a multimodal discourse analysis of disability and femininity in the World Wide Web
Spinster : making a life of one's own
Through its provocative examination of feminist and Marxist approaches to women's art and female representations, this book challenges the widespread belief that Marxism has nothing valuable to contribute to women's studies. The author argues that, from the French Revolution through to the present, gender and class have shaped visual imagery. She shows how Marxist theory can function to question some of the premises of feminist art histories and to provide a more accurate understanding of the meaning(s) of visual imagery.
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
his innovative book explores the construction of femininity in Western society. Drawing on a range of theory, empirical sources and original research, Efrat Tse[um]elon examines the role of the visual - of fashion, the body and personal appearance - in defining the female self. Tse[um]elon's argument develops concepts in understanding the meaning of female presence: modesty, duplicity, beauty, seduction and death. Femininity is analyzed in relation to these themes, using insights from sociological, psychological, historical and literary frameworks. The book demonstrates how normative conceptions of feminine essence, which have persevered from Eve to Madonna, become the requirements of appearance for women.
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
Nietzsche's remarks about women and femininity have generated a great deal of debate among philosophers, some seeing them as ineradicably misogynist, others interpreting them more favorably as ironic and potentially useful for modern feminism. In this study, Kay Picart uses a genealogical approach to track the way Nietzsche's initial use of 'feminine' mythological figures as symbols for modernity's regenerative powers gradually gives way to an increasingly misogynistic politics, resulting in the silencing and emasculation of his earlier configurations of the 'feminine.' While other scholars have focused on classifying the degree of offensiveness of Nietzsche's ambivalent and developing misogyny, Picart examines what this misogyny means for his political philosophy as a whole. Picart successfully shows how Nietzsche's increasingly derogatory treatment of the 'feminine' in his post-Zarathustran works is closely tied to his growing resentment over his inability to revive a decadent modernity.
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
"A powerful message to help women break free from comparison and competition, embrace God's purpose, and realize a life without rival"--Publisher's description.
Virginia Woolf : the will to create as a woman
Life's a bitch
Like a natural woman : spectacular female performance in classical Hollywood
Philosophy of woman : classical to current concepts
The goddess within : a guide to the eternal myths that shape women's lives
Hollywood catwalk : exploring costume and transformation in American film
If women rose rooted : the power of the Celtic woman
Has Queer Theory "grown out" of Feminism - in both senses? If it has, is that process a coming-out story? Despite a parallel chronology, with 1969 marking a key moment for both movements, and despite all their common and mutual debts, the political differences with which both are all too familiar affect their own relationship as well. One difference may be generational, with the 70s women's movement acting as mother or midwife to the 90s generation of queers; another may be between the overlapping but distinct debates of gender and sexuality; a third between the different situations of men and women. But do these views themselves create arbitrary and caricatural oppositions between two bodies of ideas that should remain vitally connected? This book opens up a number of original and challenging approaches to these questions, with contributors (from the fields of literature, philosophy, film studies, anthropology and psychoanalysis) including Emily Apter, Trevor Hope, Biddy Martin and Gayle Rubin.
"Most of us are so accustomed to thinking of women and men as psychological opposites that we don't even notice that our actual experiences contradict our beliefs." With this powerful introduction, Kate Fillion launches Lip Service, the bestseller that explodes the myth of female virtue. Women are not morally superior to men, she argues, nor should they want to be. Puncturing damaging old stereotypes with both insight and wit, Fillion shows that women who believe they are better than men usually wind up feeling worse about themselves - and perpetuating double standards that hurt both sexes. In love, sex, and friendship, women are more than victims, less than saints - and the equal of any man.
Love Your Lady Landscape is a healing journey through the terrain of what it is to be a woman. When a woman isn't in alignment with her feminine essence, she may experience exhaustion and overwhelm, lack sexual desire or passion for life, and generally feel “out of sync”.
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
Resentment and the "feminine" in Nietzsche's politico-aesthetics
Following on the heels of The Womanist Reader, The Womanist Idea offers a comprehensive, systematic analysis of womanism, including a detailed discussion of the womanist worldview (cosmology, ontology, epistemology, logic, axiology, and methodology) and its implications for activism. From a womanist perspective, social and ecological change is necessarily undergirded by spirituality – as distinct from religion per se – which invokes a metaphysically informed approach to activism.
Mother/sister/she: the representation of black womanhood in Toni Morrison's Tar Baby
Femininity and domination : studies in the phenomenology of oppression
Old mistresses : women, art and ideology
The middle class in the Great Depression : popular women's novels of the 1930s
Masculine/Feminine : readings in sexual mythology and the liberation of women
Fifty & fabulous! : the best years of a woman's life
Woman as design : before, behind, between, above, below
The birth of pleasure
Ambitious bitch : [multimedia] dive into feminity
Reinventing the sexes : feminism and biomedical construction of feminity and masculinity 1959-1985
The modern girl's survival guide : 120 life-coaching steps for success with money, career and romance
The politics of breastfeeding : when breasts are bad for business
Bitch Lit
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
The third sex : kathoey - Thailand's ladyboys
Women, art, society / Whitney Chadwick
How to be a woman
Women and gender in Jewish philosophy
Daughters of Canaan : a saga of southern women
Mirror of His beauty : feminine images of God from the Bible to the early Kabbalah
Traditional accounts of the feminist history of philosophy have viewed reason as associated with masculinity and subsequent debates have been framed by this assumption. Yet recent debates in deconstruction have shown that gender has never been a stable matter. In the history of philosophy 'female' and 'woman' are full of ambiguity. What does deconstruction have to offer feminist criticism of the history of philosophy? Yielding Gender explores this question by examining three crucial areas; the issue of gender as 'troubled'; deconstruction; and feminist criticism of the history of philosophy. The first part of the book discusses the work of Judith Butler, Jacques Derrida, and contemporary French feminist philosophy including key figures such as Luce Irigiray. Particular attention is given to the possibilities offered by deconstruction for understanding the history of philosophy. The second part considers and then challenges feminist interpretations of some key figures in the history of philosophy. Penelope Deutscher sketches how Rousseau, St. Augustine and Simone de Beauvoir have described gender and argues that their readings of gender are in fact empowered by gender's own contradiction and instability rather than limited by it.
Man and woman : a divine invention
It ́s time for action (there ́s no option) : about feminism : [migros museum für gegenwartskunst  Zürich, 26 August - 22 OCtober 2006] / edited by Heike Munder ; [essays by Mercedes Bunz...[et.al.]
The feminine character
The antidote to the idea that being a woman is all about submitting to desire. There are many more shades than that and here are fifty women to explore them.  Fifty years after the publication of The Feminine Mystique, have women really exchanged purity and maternity to become desiring machines inspired only by variations of sex, shopping and masochism - all coloured a brilliant neuro-pink?  In this volume, fifty women young and old - writers, politicians, actors, scientists, mothers - reflect on the shades that inspired them and what being woman means to them today.  Contributors include: Tahmima Anam, Joan Bakewell, Bidisha, Lydia Cacho, Nina Power, Shami Chakrabarti, Lennie Goodings, Linda Grant, Natalie Haynes, Siri Hustvedt, Jude Kelly, Kathy Lette, Kate Mosse, Bee Rowlatt, Elif Shafak, Ahdaf Soueif, Shirley Thompson, Natasha Walter, Jeanette Winterson - alongside the three editors.
Conscious femininity : interviews with Marion Woodman : introduction and two articles
Seeing and consciousness : women, class and representation
Overcoming boundaries : ethnicity, gender and sexuality
The power of beauty
Sophia, the Wisdom of God, has spoken to human beings at many different times and places since primeval times. Her origin in God places her alongside the Logos in cosmic significance while at the same time raising deep questions concerning her role in human evolution. What was her connection to Eve and to Mary? How has she been worshipped in the past and what is our proper relationship to her now? Michael Debus discusses archetypes of the feminine and Sophia's relationship to Mary, Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and most importantly, Sophia's significance for modern, seeking human souls. Written from an anthroposophical perspective, his sources include the Old and New Testaments, the writings of the early church fathers, as well as those of the Orthodox Church (especially Vladimir Solovyov), the Christian mystic Jakob Bohme, and many others. Basic Christian concepts such as creation, the law, sin, death and resurrection, forgiveness, redemption, and the Christian idea of spiritual evolution in freedom, appear richer and more plausible when seen in the light of Sophia's connection to humanity. This book compresses a wealth of ideas into a few chapters, and will serve many as a stimulus for further study of the role of the divine feminine in our spiritual striving.
"The concepts of purity and pollution are fundamental to the worldview reflected in the Hebrew Bible yet the ways that biblical texts apply these concepts to sexual relationships remain largely overlooked. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible argues that the concept of pollution is rooted in disgust and that pollution language applied to sexual relations expresses a sense of bodily contamination resulting from revulsion. Most texts in the Hebrew Bible that use pollution language in sexual contexts reflect a conception of women as sexual property susceptible to being "ruined" for particular men through contamination by others. In contrast, the Holiness legislation of the Pentateuch applies pollution language to men who engage in transgressive sexual relations, conveying the idea that male bodily purity is a prerequisite for individual and communal holiness.Sexual transgressions contaminate the male body and ultimately result in exile when the land vomits out its inhabitants. The Holiness legislation's conception of sexual pollution, which is found in Leviticus 18, had a profound impact on later texts. In the book of Ezekiel, it contributes to a broader conception of pollution resulting from Israel's sins, which led to the Babylonian exile. In the book of Ezra, it figures in a view of the Israelite community as a body of males contaminated by foreign women. Yet the idea of female pollution rooted in a view of women as sexual property persisted alongside the idea of male pollution as an impediment to holiness. Eva Feinstein illuminates why the idea of pollution adheres to particular domains of experience, including sex, death, and certain types of infirmity. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible allows for a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
Promiscuities : a secret history of female desire
That bitch : protect yourself against women with malicious intent
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
This unique study of the cult of the Virgin Mary offers a way of thinking about the interrelations of Catholicism and ideas of ideal femininity over the longue duree. An ambitious history of the changing symbolism of the Mother of God, Alone of All Her Sex holds up to the light different emphases occurring at different times, and highlights that the apparent archetype of a magna mater is constantly in play with social and historical conditions and values. Marina Warner's interesting perspective was forged in the aftermath of significant postwar developments in history, anthropology, and feminism and the book inspired fierce debates when it was first published in 1976. Alone of All Her Sex is also an emotive, personal statement, arising from Warner's own upbringing as a Catholic. It picks up on classic accounts such as Mary MacCarthy's Memoirs of a Catholic Girlhood and Antonia White's Frost in May, as well as the author's own experiences at a Catholic boarding school. Highly controversial in conservative quarters, the book's arguments were welcomed and recognised by many readers who shared Warner's experiences. In this new edition, Marina Warner has written a new preface which reviews the book in the light of the current debate about secularism, faith, nations, and social identities. She takes issue with her original mistaken conclusion that the modern age would see the cult of Mary fade away and revises it in the light of recent popes' enthusiasm for the Mother of God, a fresh wave of visions and revelations, a new generation of female saints, and the reorientation of theological approaches to the woman question.
Becoming women : the embodied self in image culture
Ruby slippers : how the soul of a woman brings her home
The whole woman
"God Is Our Mother" : Julian of Norwich and the Medieval Image of Christian Feminine Divinity
Sacred and the feminine : imagination and sexual difference / edited by Griselda Pollock and Victoria Turvey Sauron
A new cover re-issue of the ground-breaking, worldwide bestselling feminist tract. A worldwide bestseller, translated into over twelve languages, The female eunuch is a landmark in the history of the women's movement. Drawing liberally from history, literature and popular culture, past and present, Germaine Greer's searing examination of women's oppression is at once an important social commentary and a passionately argued masterpiece of polemic. Probably the most famous, most widely read book on feminism ever.
Goddess as nature : towards a philosophical thealogy
Perfect wives in ideal homes : the story of women in the 1950s
Angry women
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
What should we tell our daughters : the pleasures and pressures of growing up female
Kissing the mask : beauty, understatement and femininity in Japanese Noh theater : with some thoughts on muses (especially Helga Testorf), transgender women, Kabuki goddesses, porn queens, poets, housewives, makeup artists, geishas, Valkyries and Venus figurines
Bad girls : sirens, jezebels, murderesses, thieves & other female villains
Jane Austen, or, The secret of style
Beauty secrets : women and the politics of appearance
For lesbian parents : Your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud
Bearing meaning : the language of birth
The woman who understood compeletely : a semiotic analysis of the Mary Magdalene myth in the Gnostic gospel of Mary
A victim, mother nad protector : the production of feminity in the context of South African HIV policy
The womanist idea
Encyclopedia of women and gender : sex similarities and differences and the impact of society on gender. Vol. 2, L - Z
Women in the biblical world : a survey of Old and New Testament perspectives
The sacred and the feminine : toward a theology of housework
A provocative exploration of the links between appearance, gender and sexuality. Discusses beauty and ugliness, racism and beauty standards, and the role of class in shaping images of beauty.
Beautiful girl : celebrating the wonders of your body
Revising herself : the story of women's identity from college to midlife
Mary and Sophia : the feminine element in the spiritual evolution of humanity
The handmaid's tale
Reveal : a sacred manual for getting spiritually naked
Maithil women's tales: storytelling on the Nepal-India border
The politics and rhetorics of virginity and motherhood : defining moral value in Kilimanjaro, Tanzania
Trees of wisdom
This pioneering study by Sister Prudence Allen traces the concept of woman in relation to man in more than seventy philosophers from ancient and medieval traditions. The fruit of ten years' work, this study uncovers four general categories of questions asked by philosophers for two thousand years. These are the categories of opposites, of generation, of wisdom, and of virtue. Sister Prudence Allen traces several recurring strands of sexual and gender identity within this period. Ultimately, she shows the paradoxical influence of Aristotle on the question of woman and on a philosophical understanding of sexual coomplemenarity. Supplemented throughout with helpful charts, diagrams, and illustrations, this volume will be an important resource for scholars and students in the fields of women's studies, philosophy, history, theology, literary studies, and political science.
Motherhood is a central fact of many women's lives. Despite this, relatively little has been written about how maternity and childcare affect women's lives. This book looks at the relationship between women's identity and the capacity for motherhood. It examines the changing social and economic conditions in which women become mothers or, in fewer cases, do not have children; the opportunities women have to control their own fertility and the implications of 'new' reproductive technologies. This book brings together a wide range of topics, as well as considering some of the contradictions and neglected questions in feminist thinking about reproduction and childrearing.
Unlike most of the major figures in Western philosophy, Kierkegaard explores many issues of interest to feminist theorists today. Moreover, he does so in a style - labyrinthine, many-voiced, multilayered, adverse to authority - that adumbrates 'ecriture feminine.' A major question probed in the volume is whether Kierkegaard's writings are misogynist, ambivalent or essentialist in their views of woman and the feminine or whether, in some important and vital ways, they are liberatory and empowering for feminists and women trying to free themselves from the maze of patriarchal constructs. The essays also show how the three existence-spheres - aesthetic, ethical and religious - articulated in Kierkegaard's authorship inscribe different modalities of the sexual relation: seduction for the aesthetic, marriage for the ethical, and absence from commerce with the other sex for the religious. Contributors are Sylvanie Agacinski, Wanda Warren Berry, Birgit Bertung, Jane Duran, Leslie A. Howe, Celine Leon, Tamsin Lorraine, Robert L. Perkins, Mark L. Taylor, Sylvia Walsh and Julia Watkin.
Psychoanalysis and gender : an introductory reader
The biosocial construction of feminity : mothers and daughters in nineteenth-century America
Women and disability : the experience of physical disability among women
The awakening
The stone diaries
Like a natural woman : constructing gender from performance to performativity
The feminine mystique
The woman with the alabaster jar : Mary Magdalen and the Holy Grail
Dive deeper in peer groups of disabled women
The concept of woman : the Aristotelian revolution 750 B. C.- A. D. 1250
Postfeminism and the Deconstruction of Women : From Gynocentrism to Gender Scepticism
The intimacy & solitude self-therapy book
Personal velocity
Agatha Christie : investigating femininity
Women who run with the wolves : myths and stories of the wild woman archetype
"Konner traces the arc of evolution to explain the relationships between women and men, ... [exploring] the knotty question of whether men are necessary in the biological destiny of the human race. He draws on multiple, colorful examples from the natural world--such as the mating habits of the octopus, black widow, angler fish, and jacana--and argues that maleness in humans is hardly necessary to the survival of the species"--Dust jacket flap.
Women, feminist identity and society in the 1980's : selected papers
Roseannearchy : dispatches from the nut farm
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
Transgressive tales : queering the Grimms
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
Yielding gender : feminism, deconstruction and the history of philosophy
One-dimensional woman
The feminine character : history of an ideology
Secrets and mysteries: the glory and pleasure of being a woman
Captivating : a guided journal to aid in unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Sexual pollution in the Hebrew Bible
The masque of femininity : the presentation of woman in everyday life
Women's health : psychological and social perspectives
Bitch : in praise of difficult women
The bodies of mothers : beautiful body project
Feminist interpretations of Søren Kierkegaard
The female eunuch
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
