http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9295 red clover
red clover Trifolium pratense
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
Nitrogen dynamics of organic farming in a crop rotation based on red clover (Trifolium pratense) leys
Abstract.
Observations on the stem nematode Ditylenchus dipsaci (Kühn) Filipjev as a pest of red clover in Finland
Field-scale spatial variation in yields and nitrogen fixation of clover-grass leys and in soil nutrients
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Residual effect of clover-rich leys on soil nitrogen and successive grain crops
Red clover isoflavonoids in feed, plasma and milk of ruminants
The effect of feeding red clover silage on phyto-oestrogen concentrations in serum and on fertility of ewes
Root rot of red clover in Finland
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Abhididae). I. Fecundity of the biotypes on different host plants
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
Influence of autumn cutting time and weather on growth potential and growth of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Bumblebee species on red clover in Central Finland = Puna-apilan kimalaislajistosta Keski-Suomessa
Influence of harvesting strategy on nutrient supply and production of dairy cows consuming diets based on grass and red clover silage
High serum S-equol content in red clover fed ewes : the classical endocrine disruptor is a single enantiomer
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). II. Fecundity on different red clover varieties
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Variability of herbage production in mixed leys as related to ley age and environmental factors : a farm survey
Effects of plant species and harvesting system on grassland production in northern Finland
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
The resistance of certain finnish red clover varieties to the stem nematode ditylenchus dipsaci (Kühn) filipjev
Growth analysis defining plant and weather interactions in timothy, meadowfescue and red clover mixture in Northern Sweden
Effect of feeding red clover silage containing phyto-oestrogens on plasma progesterone and fertility of ewes
Growth analysis of timothy, meadow fescue and red clover mixture in northern Sweden
Agronomic challenges for organic crop husbandry
