http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9296 clovers
clovers
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Field-scale spatial variation in yields and nitrogen fixation of clover-grass leys and in soil nutrients
Impact of increasing concentrations of O[sub 3] and CO[sub 2] on wheat, clover and pasture
Root rot of red clover in Finland
Influence of autumn cutting time and weather on growth potential and growth of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
Bumblebee species on red clover in Central Finland = Puna-apilan kimalaislajistosta Keski-Suomessa
Phytoestrogen content and estrogenic effect of legume fodder
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
The resistance of certain finnish red clover varieties to the stem nematode ditylenchus dipsaci (Kühn) filipjev
Legume species that have breeding potential for NE Europe : concluding remarks on a Finnish-Russian scientific project "An introduction of plants belonging to the botanical family Fabaceae (Leguminosae) to the primeval forest zone of eastern Fennoscandia" (1998-2003)
Diapausal aestivation of clover root curculio, Sitona hispidulus Fabr. (Col., Curculionide)
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2013-2014 : jäsenet = ATL architects' offices 2013-2014 ; members
Vegetation changes in a semi-natural grassland during mowing and grazing periods
Agronomic challenges for organic crop husbandry
Nitrogen dynamics of organic farming in a crop rotation based on red clover (Trifolium pratense) leys
Recent white clover research and development in Europe : FAO European Cooperative Research Network on Pastures and Fodder Crop Production, Subnet on Lowland Grasslands, Meeting ... Saku-Jõgeva-Tartu, Estonia, 28-31 August, 1995 : seminar notes
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid, Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Aphididae). IV. Fecundity on different alsike and white clover varieties
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Nitrogen cycling on intensively managed boreal dairy pastures
Vegetative growth and freezing tolerance of white clover (Trifolium repens L.) genotypes from Svalbard
The forages and protein crops directory
The effect of feeding red clover silage on phyto-oestrogen concentrations in serum and on fertility of ewes
Fodder crops and amenity grasses
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Abhididae). I. Fecundity of the biotypes on different host plants
High serum S-equol content in red clover fed ewes : the classical endocrine disruptor is a single enantiomer
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). II. Fecundity on different red clover varieties
Lowland grasslands of Europe: utilization and development
Waste composts as nitrogen fertilizers for forage leys
Effect of feeding red clover silage containing phyto-oestrogens on plasma progesterone and fertility of ewes
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Typhula blight of clovers
The survival of sclerotia of Sclerotinia trifoliorum Erikks. on the soil and the occurence of clover rot in various years
White clover
Study of the phytoestrogen content of goat's rue (Galega orientalis), alfalfa (Medicago sativa) and white clover (Trifolium repens)
Observations on the stem nematode Ditylenchus dipsaci (Kühn) Filipjev as a pest of red clover in Finland
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Farming system research : an approach to developing of sustainable farming systems and the role of white clover as a component in nitrogen management
Characterization of low-molecular weight acidic peptides in the leaves of Trifolium repens and Phaseolus vulgaris
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Biophysical aspects of root growth dynamics and leaf responses to environmental stimuli : spectral, temporal and spatial investigations
Variability of herbage production in mixed leys as related to ley age and environmental factors : a farm survey
The use of plants for soil remediation at Milford Haven Refinery in South Wales
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Starting and terminating customer relationships in mail order business : case: Apilanlehti Oy
Growth analysis defining plant and weather interactions in timothy, meadowfescue and red clover mixture in Northern Sweden
Growth analysis of timothy, meadow fescue and red clover mixture in northern Sweden
Influence of harvesting strategy on nutrient supply and production of dairy cows consuming diets based on grass and red clover silage
Undersowing in a northern climate : effects on spring cereal yield and risk of nitrate leaching
Clover as a bioindicator for phytotoxic ozone : comparison of different ozone exposure indices : suggestion of a new ozone uptake-based short-term critical level : factors influencing the ozone sensitivity : a suitable system for bioindication
Clover science and technology
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
Free amino acid patterns of the purified cell particles obtained with modified sucrose density gradients from the leaves of Trifolium repens
On the effectiveness of penta- and tetrachloronitrobenzenes on clover rot (Sclerotinia trifoliorum Erikss.)
Heritability estimates of winter hardiness in white clover based on field and laboratory experiments
The significance of soil microorganisms as a limiting factor in infection of clover by Sclerotinia trifoliorum  Erikss. at different times of the year
Residual effect of clover-rich leys on soil nitrogen and successive grain crops
Red clover isoflavonoids in feed, plasma and milk of ruminants
Effects of defoliation and mycorrhizal fungus (AM) on primary production and soil biota in experimental grassland microcosms composed of white clover (Trifolium repens) and timothy (Phleum pratense)
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Effects of plant species and harvesting system on grassland production in northern Finland
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Soil-borne clover diseases in intensive legume cropping
