http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9301 cell and tissue culture
cell and tissue culture
Artificial polyploidy and in vitro culture of Betula spp
Plant cell and tissue culture
In vitro propagation and microrhizome induction in Zingiber cassumunar (Roxb.) : an antioxidant-rich medicinal plant
Triticale breeding and synthesis : applications of tissue culture
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Rose Research and Cultivation : Santa Barbara, California, USA, September 18 - 22, 2005
Factors influencing somatic embryogenesis and regeneration ability in somatic tissue culture of spring and winter rye
Biotechnology of the medicinal plant, Rhazya stricta
Regeneration of fertile barley plants from protoplasts and production of transgenic barley by electroporation
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 2, Angiosperms
Recent advances in protoplast culture of horticultural crops
Plant biotechnology in agriculture
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Methods and Markers for Quality Assurance in Micropropagation : Cork, Ireland 24-27 August 1999
Spectroscopic comparison of rose callus methanol-extractable lignin to lignin extracted from differentiated rose tissue by alkaline treatment
In vitro propagation of cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus)
Abstract.
Three-dimensional growth conditions for breast cancer cells : moving closer to in vivo tumors
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 1
Introduction to plant biotechnology
A bibliography of the research in tissue culture 1884 to 1950 : an index to the literature of the living cell cultivated in vitro
Glycoside production by in vitro Rhodiola rosea cultures
Current issues in plant molecular and cellular biology : proceedings of the 8th International Congress on Plant Tissue and Cell Culture, Florence, Italy, 12-17 June, 1994
Effect of genotype on tissue culture induced cytological and biochemical variation in outbred and inbred lines of rye (Secale cereale L.)
Ex situ storage of seeds, pollen and in vitro cultures of perennial woody plant species
Sieve elements : comparative structure, induction and development
Biotechnology in horticultural crop improvement : achievements, oppurtunities and limitations : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Tissue culture of selected tropical fruit plants
Crops 2
Plant tissue culture : applications and limitations
Biotechnology of higher plants
Applications of biotechnology in forestry and horticulture
Lignin biosynthesis in Norway spruce : from a model system to the tree
3rd Symposium on growth regulators in ornamental horticulture, Skierniewice, Poland, September 5-10, 1988
Automation and environmental control in plant tissue culture
Tomato biotechnology : proceedings of a Symposium held at the University of California, Davis, California, August 20-22, 1986
Protocol for somatic embryogenesis in woody plants
Can protoplast production from in vitro cultured shoots of Tanacetum vary during the season?
Virus-free clones of the potato varieties Pito and Tammiston aikainen
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 2
In vitro culture of higher plants : Bibliography
Vegetative propagation of conifers for enhancing landscaping and tree breeding : proceedings of the Nordic meeting held in September 10th-11th 2008 at Punkaharju, Finland
Crops I
Plant Tissue Culture. : techniques and experiments
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated Plants : Mayan Riviera, Cancun, Mexico, November 22-26, 2004
Regeneration and micropropagation : techniques, systems and media 1997-1999
Plant biotechnology : comprehensive biotechnology. Supplement 2
Somatic embryogenesis of Pinus sylvestris
High-tech and micropropagation. 2
Plant tissue culture : a classified bibliography
Reproduction technology of Karelian birch planting stock by the tissue culture method
Haploids in crop improvement. 1
Bacterial and bacteria-like contaminants of plant tissue cultures : a symposium in the CEC crop productivity programme, Cork, Ireland, 23-25 September 1987
Pelargonium micropropagation and pathogen elimination : COST 87 : a report of the Pelargonium Working Group
Advances in hemp research
International symposium on high technology in protected cultivation, Hamamatsu, Japan, May 12-15, 1988
Horticulture - new technologies and applications : proceedings of the International seminar on new frontiers in horticulture, organized by Indo-American Hybrid Seeds, Bangalore, India, November 25-28, 1990
Browning phenomenon and its relationship to regenerative ability in Scots pine tissue cultures
The potato
Woody plant biotechnology
Propagation of adult curly-birch succeeds with tissue culture
Cell and tissue culture
Response to exogenous application of phytohormone at seedling and cellular levels in disomic chromosome substitution lines of wheat
The maize handbook
Clonal forestry. 1, Genetics and biotechnology
The impact of biotechnology in agriculture : proceedings of the International conference:" The meeting point between fundamental and applied in vitro culture research", held at Amiens (France), July 10-12, 1989
Plant physiology : a treatise. 5. B, Analysis of growth: the responses of cells and tissues in culture
Media and techniques for growth, regeneration and storage : 2005-2008
Plant cell and tissue culture techniques used in plant breeding
In vitro pollen culture and the regeneration of Brassica campestris L. plants
Epidermal cells : methods and protocols
In vitro culture of higher plants
Plant cell culture : essential methods
Thin cell layer culture system : regeneration and transformation applications
Polyamine metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress
International symposium on plant biotechnology and its contribution to the improvement, the multiplication and the development of plants, Geneva, Switzerland, April 19 - April 20, 1991
Tissue culture techniques for horticultural crops
Plant cell and tissue culture : a tool in biotechnology : basics and application
Peppers : botany, production and uses
Crop improvement utilizing biotechnology
Micropropagation : technology and application
Plant culture media. Vol. 1, Formulations and uses
New techniques and systems for growth, regeneration and micropropagation 1995-1997
Summary.
Endophytes in the buds of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Micropropagation in the strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) inbred lines
Physiology of trees
Proceedings of the 1st ISHS Symposium on in vitro culture and horticultural breeding, Cesena (Italy): May, 30 - June 3, 1989
Animal cell culture and technology
Bone resorption by aryl hydrocarbon receptor-expressing osteoclasts is not disturbed by TCDD in short-term cultures
Contributions to a better understanding of morphogenesis in Picea abies (L.) Karst. tissues cultured in vitro
In vitro studies on pollen germination and pollen tube growth in maize
In vitro culture of trees
Micropropagation of woody plants
Micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 1, History, molecular and biochemical aspects and application
Plant tissue culture : techniques and experiments
Cell and tissue culture for medical research
Progress in plant protoplast research : proceedings of the 7th International protoplast symposium, Wageningen, the Netherlands, December 6-11, 1987
Alkaloids of in vitro cultures of Rhazya stricta
Plant tissue culture : 100 years since Gottlieb Haberlandt
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Application of WST-1 to measurement of cell viability in low temperature-stressed explants of tropical vegetables
Plant culture media. Vol. 2, Commentary and analysis
Plant conservation biotechnology
Seasonal phenomena in natural and cultured bud tissues from mature scots pine
Plant tissue culture engineering
A laboratory guide for cellular and molecular plant biology
Biotechnology in agriculture
High-tech and micropropagation. 1
Hartmann and Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Glossary of plant tissue culture
