http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9306 Komi language
Komi language
Topically and case marking in Hungarian, Komi and Finnish
Syntactic convergence in Komi Zyryan and northern Russian dialects
Syrjaenica : narratives, folklore and folk poetry from eight dialects of the Komi language. Vol. 1, Upper Izhma, Lower Ob, Kanin Peninsula, Upper Jusva, Middle Inva, Udora
w. i. lYTKIN I FINNO-UGORSKIJ MIR : MATERIALY MEVDUNARODNOJ NAU^NOJ KONFERENCII, POSWQ]ENNOJ 100-LETI@ SO DNQ ROVDENIQ WYDA@]EGOSQ KOMI PO\TA, FILOSOFA I U^ENOGO w. i. lYTKINA (sYKTYWKAR, 6-9 FEWRALQ 1996)
The Komi language
Correlation between ritual and children's game in Komi traditional culture
Arctic studies. 4, Cultural identity of Arctic peoples
Appellatives meaning settlement types and forms (based on th toponymy of the Komi republic)
The birth of Komi nationalism : prelude, 1800-1850s
Vasilii Lytkins harassment by Soviet authorities
Russian influence on the iz̆ma komi dialect
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Paavo Ravila
Official status as a tool of language revival? : A study of the language laws in Russia's Finno-Ugric republics
The Komi living beyond the Urals
Survey of the Uralic languages
Converbs in Finnish and Komi : differences and similarities
Left outside : the Komis and the Il'minskii system
The Uralic languages
Zyrian texts
The affixes of the loanverbs and onomatopoetic verbs in the Vogul
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Reverse dictionary of Komi (Zyryan) = Obratnyj slovar' komi (zyrânskogo) âzyka
The abessive in the Permic languages
Syrjaenica : narratives, folklore and folk poetry from eight dialects of the Komi language. Vol. 2, Kolva and Usa
The role of higher formants in vowel indentification by Finnish and Komi subjects
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Essays on indigenous identity and rights
A comparison of Komi serial verbs with those in Udmurt and Volgaic
Zyrian folklore texts
The East Finnic minorities in the Soviet Union : an appraisal of the erosive trends
Naučnye issledovaniâ finskogo učenogo Ûrjë Vihmanna na zemle Komi : biobibliografičeskij dajdžest = Scientific explorations of the Finnish scholar Yrjö Wichmann in the Komi region
An official status for minority languages? : a study of state languages in Russias Finno-Ugric Republics
Defining self : essays on emergent identities in Russia seventeenth to nineteenth centuries
The russification of Komi
Epithets in the modern standard Komi language
A new era in the Komi vocabulary
Influence of Russian on the syntax of Komi
From the Volga to Siberia : the Finno-Ugric peoples in today's Russia
Komi-Permiak and Russian : changing patterns in linguistic attachment of a small Finno-Ugric group
Geographical distribution of the Uralic languages
Finnish essays on arctic issues
Computational morphologies for small uralic languages
Syrjaenica : narratives, folklore and folk poetry from eight dialects of the Komi language. Vol. 3, Upper Vychegda
Dorevolûcionnaâ Kazan' : missionerskoe prosveŝenie i issledovanie narodov Povolž'â = Prerevolutionary Kazan : missionary education and study of the Volga native peoples
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
On the acoustic nature of Komi-Zyrian vowel system
Finno-Ugristics in the Republic of Komi on the turn of a new millennium : results and perspectives
Some observations on Zyryan word stress, past and present
Ugro-Samoyedic elements in the toponymy of the Eastern Front-Kama basin
Reductive phonetic developments as the trigger to typological change : two examples from the Finno-Ugrian languages
Functioning of the Komi-Permian language in the contemporary life
The development of the Komi case system : a dialectological investigation
History of the study of toponyms in the Uralian languages
Some observations on Zyryan word stress
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäisten kielisukulaistemme asuinsijoilta = The great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
