http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p930 masculinity
masculinity
Clint Eastwood and issues of American masculinity
Masculity and the ethos of sexual liberation
When men were men : masculinity, power & identity in classical antiquity
Presenting a survey of the social, cultural and theoretical issues which surround and inform our understanding of masculinity, this book explores the interface between traditional sociological approaches and the work covered by more post-structural, media-driven or cultural perspectives. Edwards well known for his work on representations of masculinities, uses grounded examples of the job market and domestic violence to set his theoretical discussion. He argues that there is a need for more dialogue on men and masculinities between disciplines, and considers the validity of the concerns and anxieties which surround masculinity in the contemporary world through a range of key topics, including: the new man, the new lad and 'men's movements'; men, masculinity and violence, marginalized masculinities: black masculinity and gay male sexuality; queer theory, performativity and fashion; cinema, representation and the body.
Men, masculinity, and the media
Masculinities, modernist fiction and the urban public sphere
The will to change : men, masculinity, and love
The rites of man : love, sex and death in the making of the male
He was some kind of a man : masculinities in the B western
Male trouble : a crisis in representation
Yesterday's breadwinners in today's mixed salad : cultural representations of masculinity in advertising
Resisting modernity : counternarratives of nation and masculinity in pre-independence India
Performance anxieties : re-producing masculinity
Why men lie & women cry
Masculinity and Irish popular culture : tiger's tales
The question of how boys become men or how girls become women may seem simple, but the answers can be complex. This new edition draws upon rich examples from research, popular media, and global accounts, to explore how gender is produced, consumed, regulated and performed in young lives today.
The masculine masquerade : masculinity and representation
The contributors provide a thought-provoking, comprehensive study of masculinity in American culture today.
"Unless the threat of death is behind them" : hard-boiled fiction and film noir
Victorian masculinities : manhood and masculine poetics in early Victorian literature and art
Gender, youth, and culture : global masculinities and femininities
Constructing masculinity
Gendered landscapes : An interdisciplinary exploration of past place and space
Conrad and masculinity
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Deconstructing Harry: A Critical Review of Men, Masculinity and Organization
Negotiating clerical identities : priests, monks and masculinity in the Middle Ages
He : understanding masculine psychology
Language and masculinities : performance, intersections, dislocations
Black empire : the masculine global imaginary of Caribbean intellectuals in the United States, 1914-1962
Y : the descent of men
Manly states : masculinities, international relations, and gender politics
When Men in Groups was first published in l969, the New York Times daily critic titled his review "The Disturbing Rediscovery of the Obvious." What was so obvious was male bonding, a phrase that entered the language. The links between males in groups Tiger describes extend through many other primate species, through our evolution as hunters/gatherers, and cross-culturally. Male bonding characterizes human groups as varied as the Vatican Council, the New York Yankees, the Elks and Masons the secret societies of Sierra Leone and Kenya. The power of Tiger's book is its identification of the powerful links between men and the impact of females and families on essentially male groups.
Migrant men : critical studies of masculinities and the migration experience
The hazards of being male : surviving the myth of masculine privilege
This is a sociohistorical study of the concept of "manliness" in the late Victorian and Edwardian periods. The contributors examine the distinctive nature of Victorian masculine stereotypes, the means by which these concepts were disseminated and their translation into codes of conduct.
White guys : studies in postmodern domination and difference
One of the most central issues for women's prospects for equality is whether man can and will change. Changing the social relations of gender will involve changing menÆs subjectives as well as their daily practices. This book asks whether this is possible. Bob Pease examines how men, who are supportive of feminism, are responding to the feminist challenge, through an exploration of their experiences and dilemmas in trying to live out their feminist commitment and resist hegemonic forms of masculinity. The book is driven by practical as well as theoretical concerns, and aims to develop strategies that will promote the process of change towards equality in gender relations. Drawing on a critical postmodern theoretical framework, Pease argues that it is possible for men to reposition themselves in patriarchal discourses and to reformulate their interests in challenging gender domination. Recreating Men will be invaluable reading for academics and students of gender studies, and of interest to students of sociology, psychology and political sociology.
A sky without eagles : selected essays and speeches 2010-2014
Arthur Conan Doyle and the meaning of masculinity
The cultural myth of masculinity
Manliness and morality : middle-class masculinity in Britain and America, 1800-1940
"'The old ideal of Manhood has grown obsolete,' wrote Thomas Carlyle in 1831, 'and the new is still invisible to us.' The essays in this volume explore the way Victorian novelists tried to answer the question of what it meant to 'be a man': how manhood was learned, sustained, broken, or restored, and how the idea of the manly was shaped by class, schooling, region and religion, and by scientific and medical debate. Topics covered include the playful subversion of gender roles in the early writings of Charlotte Brontèe; changing patterns of working class masculinity in London and Manchester; Dickens and the nurturing male; boyhood and girlhood in Eliot's The Mill on the Floss; the challenge to patriarchy in sensation fiction; manhood, imperialism and the adventure novel; masculinity and aestheticism; Hardy's reluctant, failed, or damaged men; and Conrad's studies of men isolated or divided against themselves"--
Conflicted identities and multiple masculinities : men in the Medieval West
Male roles, masculinites and violence : a culture of peace perspective
Gender and popular culture
Manhood on the line : working-class masculinities in the American heartland
Sherlock's men : masculinity, Conan Doyle, and cultural history
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Thirteen ways of looking at a man : psychoanalysis and masculinity
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Slow motion : changing masculinities, changing men
This anthology takes us beyond the status of masculinity itself, questioning society's and the media's normative concepts of the masculine, and considering the extent to which men and women can transcend these stereotypes and prescriptions.
Exploring gender roles in Finnish and American youth : a critical review of Geert Hofstede's masculinity versus femininity dimension of national culture
Masculinity in crisis in Joseph Wambaugh's The Choirboys
Across the Great Divide : cultures of manhood in the American West
Man (dis)connected : how the digital age is changing young men forever
Self-made man : one woman's journey into manhood and back again
Erotics & politics : gay male sexuality, masculinity and feminism
What are the connections between men and masculinity on the one hand and peaceand war on the other? What are the best ways to change the traditional perception ofmasculinity to make it more favourable to peace? In what ways can we best educateboys and young men to embrace the spirit of a culture of peace? How shouldpeace-building strategies handle questions of masculinities? These are crucialquestions that have, until now, rarely been tackled. The chapters in this book take as a point of departure the expert group meetingentitled 'Male Roles and Masculinities in the Perspective of a Culture of Peace', whichwas organized by UNESCO in Oslo, Norway in 1997. The objective of the meetingwas to pool the talents and energies of experts in this field to formulate practicalsuggestions for change from the deep-rooted patterns of the culture of war to agender-sensitive culture of peace. The chapters vary from regional case-studies from three continents to social-scientific research on the connections of traditional masculinity and patriarchyto violence and peace-building. The focus is on approaches that favour masculinepeace-building capabilities than those that dwell on destructive capacities. The Culture of Peace initiatives in this book show how violence is ineffective, and thebook contests the far-too-frequent views in the socialization of boy-children thataggressiveness, violence and force are an acceptable means of expression and couldcontribute to sustainable solutions to conflicts. These initiatives point towards an exciting gender-balanced, post-patriarchal society for the next millennium.
New social ties : contemporary connections in a fragmented society
Male armor : the soldier-hero in contemporary American culture
Of beards and men : the revealing history of facial hair
You Tarzan : masculinity, movies and men
Men in groups
Male myths and icons : masculinity in popular culture
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Messages men hear : constructing masculinities
Death of a ladies' man
Men, masculinities and methodologies
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
Spectacular bodies : gender, genre and the action cinema
Remaking men : Jung, spirituality and social change ; David J. Tacey
Hemingway's theaters of masculinity
Henry James and masculinity : the man at the margins
Men, masculinities, travel and tourism
"Deep inside every man desires the V-body. For the looks" : formations of masculinities in bodybuilding
Save the males : why men matter why women should care
Norma : nordisk tidsskrift for maskulinitetsstudier
From the host of the popular 'Steve Harvey morning show' comes a funny, honest, and foolproof guide for all women that takes them inside the heads of men and shows how men think about love, sex, and commitment.
The throwback special : a novel
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
Smoke and mirrors : the hidden context of violence in schools and society
Me Jane : masculinity, movies and women
Feminist researchers have produced a large body of critical scholarship on methodologies as they pertain to the study of women. However, questions about issues such as power, positionality and ethics in research related to men and masculinities have remained largely unaddressed. This is despite the fact that research on men and masculinities has grown exponentially in recent years, as is evidenced by the increasing number of scholarly books and journals on the subject. In this book researchers reflect on their experiences of studying men and masculinities from the perspective of topics ranging from internet dating and violence to social inclusion and rock climbing. They also canvass how we can address difference and diversity amongst men and between masculinities in our methodological approaches. Through the lens of masculinity studies the authors contribute to broader methodological debates about subjects such as field access, insider-outsider positioning and qualitative versus quantitative approaches.
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Wild at heart : field manual ; a personal guide to discovering the secret of your masculine soul
Presentations of gender
The study of masculinity in the Bible is increasingly becoming established as a field of critical inquiry in biblical gender studies. This book highlights a variety of methodological approaches that reveal the complex and multifaceted construction of masculinity in biblical and post-biblical literature. It focuses uniquely and explicitly on men and the world they inhabit, documenting changes in the type of men and masculinities deemed legitimate, or illegitimate, across various social and historical contexts of the ancient Near East. At the same time, it interrogates readers' assumptions about the writers' positioning of male bodies, sexuality and relationships in a gender order created to reflect men's interests, yet in need of constant reordering In this volume specific features of biblical masculinity are explored: the masculinity of less favoured sons in Genesis (Susan Haddox); the ideology of Temple masculinity in Chronicles (Roland Boer); the masculinity of Moses (Brian DiPalma); the performative nature of masculinity in the Sinai episode (David Clines); Deuteronomy's regimentation of masculinity (Mark George); Joshua's hegemonic masculinity in the Conquest Narrative (Ovidiu Creangă); Na'aman's disability in relation to ideologies of masculinity (Cheryl Strimple and Ovidiu Creangă); Job's position as a man in charge in the Testament of Job (Maria Haralambakis); Priestly notions of sexuality in the covenant of the rainbow and circumcision in Genesis (Sandra Jacobs); Samson's masculinity in terms of male honour (Ela Lazarewicz-Wyrzykowska); the popular depiction of Jeremiah as a 'lamenting prophet' against the book of Jeremiah's male ideology (C.J. Patrick Davis); the gendered interaction of a Bible-study group with Daniel's dreams (Andrew Todd). Finally, David J.A. Clines and Stephen D. Moore offer closing critical reflections that situate the book's topics within a broader spectrum of issues in masculinity.
"A sexist, misogynist dinosaur"? : the changing representations of James Bond's masculinity
Masculinity on a rollercoaster : Diffusion on metrosexuality
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
Masculinity in the contemporary romantic comedy : gender as genre
The ship of dreams : masculinity in contemporary New Zealand fiction
Hard-boiled masculinities
"A man is more than his penis - not much more but something" : the image of masculinity in three novels by Jeanette Winterson, The passion, Gut symmetries and Weight
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
A beautiful young wife
Fatherhood in Late Modernity : Cultural Images, Social Practices, Structural Frames
Literature and cultural criticism in the 1950s : the feeling male body
From wiseguys to wise men : the gangster and Italian American masculinities
Stud : architectures of masculinity
Men at work : forestry work and masculinities
Studs, tools, and the family jewels : metaphors men live by
Why do men behave the way they do? The "science" of gender studies is less than 25 years old and it is only recently that scholars and popular authors interested in gender have started to examine the issues associated with masculinity.; This text is based on over 10 years research, and constructs a comprehensive theory of masculinity by exploring in great detail how men form their gender identities and how those identities influence their behaviour. The book examines the influence of 24 male messages, or gender norms - such as "be like your father", "faithful husband", "superman", and "nurturer" - that represent cultural expectations for masculinity in western societies. Drawing on a diverse sample of over 500 men from different classes, backgrounds, races and ethnic groups, the author describes how men learn these messages, how individual men respond to them, and how their influence changes over the course of a man's life.; This accessible text presents a general framework for masculinity and breaks new ground in understanding the construction of male gender identity.
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
"The Routledge Companion to Media and Gender offers a comprehensive examination of media and gender studies, charting its histories, investigating ongoing controversies, and assessing future trends.The 59 chapters in this volume, written by leading researchers from around the world, provide scholars and students with an engaging and authoritative survey of current thinking in media and gender research.The Companion includes the following features: With each chapter addressing a distinct, concrete set of issues, the volume includes research from around the world to engage readers in a broad array of global and transnational issues and intersectional perspectives.Authors address a series of important questions that have consequences for current and future thinking in the field, including postfeminism, sexual violence, masculinity, media industries, queer identities, video games, digital policy, media activism, sexualization, docusoaps, teen drama, cosmetic surgery, media Islamophobia, sport, telenovelas, news audiences, pornography, and social and mobile media.A range of academic disciplines inform exploration of key issues around production and policymaking, representation, audience engagement, and the place of gender in media studies.The Routledge Companion to Media and Gender is an essential guide to the central ideas, concepts and debates currently shaping media and gender research"--
Making men : rugby and masculine identity
Manning the nation : father figures in Zimbabwean literature and society
Unheroic conduct : the rise of heterosexuality and the invention of the Jewish man
Masculinities in theory : an introduction
Dick for a day : what would you do if you had one?
The Victorian novel and masculinity
Men and masculinity in the Hebrew Bible and beyond
Men and masculinities
The ravaged bridegroom : masculinity in women
Modernism and masculinity
The masculinities reader
Paternal masculinities in early fatherhood: dominant and counter narratives by Finnish first-time fathers
All that man is
Masculinity in crisis : myths, fantasies and realities
Fragile roughness : representations of masculinities in Kenneth Kvarnström's Fem Danser
"This critical book examines the performance of masculinity in these stories, particularly in light of the waning years of Victoria's reign when changing historical, political and social pressures altered the definition of masculinity. Topics covered include the roles of violence, rebellion, escape, spirituality, social hierarchies and law"--Provided by publisher.
The cultural dimensions of masculinity versus femininity and the representation of gender in advertising images in Finland and the U.K
Men, masculinity and pastoral care
Our living manhood : literature, Black power, and masculine ideology
Men's mental health
Masculinity and the English working class : studies in Victorian autobiography and fiction
Feminine, masculine and representation
Finding communalities, making differences, performing masculinities : reflections of young men on military service
The male in analysis : psychoanalytic and cultural perspectives
The durable fig leaf : a historical, cultural, medical, social, literary, and isonographic account of man's relations with his penis
Becoming a Barbarian
Masculinity, femininity, and sexual attractiveness : a cross-national perspective
Warrior dreams : paramilitary culture in post-Vietnam America
Aspects of the masculine
Sex and gender
Men and masculinities in modern Africa
This study gets to grips with issues of gender and identity on the big screen. These essays vary widely in scope: some offer detailed discussion of one film, some take an individual star as the focus, and some deal more broadly with over-arching questions of genre and spectatorship. All, however, deliver a combination of informed scholarship and specific moments in which the interaction between image and audience is explored. Following the companion volume - "You Tarzan" - in which men looked at masculinity on the big screen, this book gives women their say.
The changing definition of masculinity
Meanings for manhood : constructions of masculinity in Victorian America
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Why Mars & Venus collide
Fathers, preachers, rebels, men : black masculinity in U.S. history and literature, 1820-1945
Hard hats, rednecks, and macho men : class in 1970s American cinema
Power at play
The end of manhood : parables on sex and selfhood
The experiences of Tiresias : the feminine and the Greek man
Men coping with grief
Beyond feminism : toward a dialogue on difference
Cultures of masculinity
Masculinity in children's animal stories, 1888-1928 : a critical study of anthropomorphic tales by Wilde, Kipling, Potter, Grahame and Milne
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
War and sex : a brief history of men's urge for battle
The psychodynamics of shame in the autobiographies of modern Finnish men
The male dancer : body, spectacle, sexualities
Life outside : the Signorile report on gay men : sex, drugs, muscles, and the passages of life
The wild man's journey : reflections on male spirituality
Knowledge of the terms sex and gender has important political, health and equity considerations. This book investigates a macro-structural social theory of gender (Connell, 1995), which proposes a relational and hierarchical conception of gender, and explores it in local social contexts. As the theory of gender is primarily concerned with differing configurations of masculinity, most notably hegemonic masculinity (a dominative form of masculinity), this book focuses on males and their relations with one another in secondary schools and all-male elite-level sporting teams. Specifically, this book overcomes a major theoretical impasse by recognizing that the ideology of supremacy of a dominative masculinity is necessarily interdependent with the structural relations of power and culturally defined norms of masculinity. Relations between masculinities are reframed into specific social network hypotheses, and quantitatively examined using statistical models for social networks. Hierarchies of masculinities that are misogynist, homophobic and violent can occur, though local context is particularly important and alternative non-dominative masculinities are possible.
Unmanly men : refigurations of masculinity in Luke-Acts
Manhood : an action plan for changing men's lives
This volume showcases cutting-edge research in the linguistic and discursive study of masculinities, comprising the first significant edited collection on language and masculinities since Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 volume. Overall, the chapters are linked together by a critical analytical perspective that seeks to understand the relationships between discourse, masculinities, and power. Whereas some of the chapters offer detailed, linguistically informed critiques of the ways in which old and new expressions of masculinities are complicit in the reproduction of men's hegemonic positions of power, others provide a more complex picture, one in which collusion and subversion go hand in hand. Contributions argue for the need for research on language and masculinities to expand its remit so as to engage with "gay masculinities," and unsettle gendered categories in order to consider the ways in which women, transgender, and intersex individuals also perform a variety of masculinities. Finally, unlike Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 collection, this volume not only offers a wider—and perhaps "queerer" perspective—on the study of language and masculinities, but also covers a broader geographical and socio-cultural spectrum, including work on Brazil, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, and South Africa.
The Masculinities Reader provides a clear and comprehensive introduction to the key debates informing the study of masculinity. Structured in an accessible format, the book makes available in a single text some of the most important work on a range of subjects including male power; patriarchy; management and organizations; sexualities; gay friendships; sport; intimacy; identity; hegemonic masculinity; violence; schooling; language; homophobia; Black, Latino and Chicano masculinities; families; media; postmodernism; and subjectivity. The book opens with a substantive introductory chapter that looks at masculinity in crisis, post-feminism, men's power, changing men, nature/nurture debates and concepts of identity. Recognizing the global dimensions of gender change, the book draws on research from many corners of the world. The Masculinities Reader is an essential text for students and researchers concerned with exploring men and masculinities. In providing a unique overview of an increasingly important field of sociological enquiry, this book will be an invaluable addition to students and academics in sociology, gender studies, cultural studies, and a range of other disciplines.
Recreating men : postmodern masculinity politics
College men and masculinities : theory, research, and implications for practice
Spaces of masculinities
This book examines aspects of 'young masculinities' that have become central to contemporary social thought, paying attention to psychological issues as well as to social policy concerns. Centring on a study involving in-depth exploration, through individual and group intererviews, the authors bring to light the way boys in the early years of secondary schooling conceptualise and articulate their experiences of themselves, their peers and the adult world. The book includes discussion of boys' aspirations and anxieties, their feelings of pride and loss. As such, it offers an unusually detailed set of insights into the experiential world inhabited by these boys - how they see themselves, how girls see them, what they wish for and fear, where they feel their 'masculinity' to be advantageous and where it inhibits other potential experiences. In describing this material, the authors explore questions such as the place of violence in young people's lives, the functions of 'hardness', of homophobia and football, boys' underachievement in school, and the pervasive racialisation of masculine identity construction. Young Masculinities will be invaluable to researchers in psychology, sociology, gender and youth studies, as well as to those devising social policy on boys and young men.
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
The Routledge companion to media and gender
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
"Rethinking Masculinity" brings together 14 essays, many published here for the first time, by male philosophers sympathetic to feminism. Together, they approach the variety of experiences of being a male in Western culture in an attempt to provide reasonable analyses of what is wrong with the traditional model of masculinity and to offer plausible suggestions for change that will redefine the roles men can play as nurturers, as intimates, and as partners in today's world.
Modernism and Masculinity investigates the varied dimensions and manifestations of masculinity in the modernist period. Thirteen essays from leading scholars reframe critical trends in modernist studies by examining distinctive features of modernist literary and cultural work through the lens of masculinity and male privilege. The volume attends to masculinity as an unstable horizon of gendered ideologies, subjectivities and representational practices, allowing for fresh interdisciplinary treatments of celebrated and lesser-known authors, artists and theorists such as D. H. Lawrence, Ezra Pound, Henry Roth, Theodor Adorno and Paul Robeson as well as modernist avant-garde movements such as vorticism, surrealism and futurism. As diverse as the masculinities that were played out across the early twentieth century, the approaches and arguments featured in this collection will appeal especially to scholars and students of modernist literature and culture, gender studies and English literature more broadly.
Rethinking masculinity : philosophical explorations in light of feminism
Configuring masculinity in theory and literary practice
The way of men
What a man's gotta do : the masculine myth in popular culture
Young masculinities : understanding boys in contemporary society
Posting the male : masculinities in post-war and contemporary British literature
Masculinity in advertising appeals : a content analysis of print advertisements in India, Finland and Spain
Masculinities in local contexts : structural, individual, and cultural interdependencies
Becoming an international man : top manager masculinities in the making of a multinational corporation
To be a man : a guide to true masculine power
Masculinity in the black imagination : politics of communicating race and manhood
This mad masquerade : stardom and masculinity in the jazz age
Dada's boys : masculinity after Duchamp
Act like a lady, think like a man : what men really think about love, relationships, intimacy, and commitment
Performance of masculinity and the role of a social father in A Fine Balance by Rohinton Mistry
How does gender matter? : on Hollywood police thrillers from 1990 to 2004
Hard bodies : Hollywood masculinity in the Reagan era
Men, masculinities and social welfare
Fatherhood and masculinities : a comparative study of the ideals and realities of fatherhood and masculinity in Britain and Sweden
