http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p931 Edda
Edda
The poetic Edda. Volume 2, Mythological poems
The talk of the tits : some notes on the death of Sigurðr Fáfnisbani in Norna-Gests þáttr
Younger Icelandic manuscripts and Old Norse studies
Poetic Edda : Stories of the Norse Gods and Heroes
The poetic Edda : essays on Old Norse mythology
The prose Edda
Skáldskaparmál : Snorri Sturluson's ars poetica and medieval theories of language
The Elder Edda: a selection
Russian summary.
Murder and vengeance among the gods : Baldr in Scandinavian mythology
"Explores the blurring of boundaries between genres (skaldic and eddic), periods (Viking Age, medieval, early modern) and cultures (Icelandic, Scandinavian, English, continental) in Old Norse-Icelandic poetry"--
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
The poetic Edda in the light of Archaeology
The academy of Odin : selected papers on old Norse literature
The performance of Christian and pagan storyworlds : non-canonical chapters of the history of Nordic medieval literature
The origins of drama in Scandinavia
The Poetic Edda : stories of the Norse gods and heroes
"Speak useful words or say nothing" : Old Norse studies
Edda : a collection of essays
Hávamál : the sayings of the Vikings
Eddic, Skaldic, and beyond : poetic variety in Medieval Iceland and Norway
"Bringing alive the dramatic poems of Old Norse heroic legend, this new collection offers accessible, ground-breaking and inspiring essays which introduce and analyse the exciting legends of the two doomed Helgis and their valkyrie lovers; the dragon-slayer Sigurðr; Brynhildr the implacable shield-maiden; tragic Guðrún and her children; Attila the Hun (from a Norse perspective!); and greedy King Fróði, whose name lives on in Tolkien's Frodo. The book provides a comprehensive introduction to the poems for students, taking a number of fresh, theoretically-sophisticated and productive approaches to the poetry and its characters. Contributors bring to bear insights generated by comparative study, speech act and feminist theory, queer theory and psychoanalytic theory (among others) to raise new, probing questions about the heroic poetry and its reception. Each essay is accompanied by up-to-date lists of further reading and a contextualisation of the poems or texts discussed in critical history. Drawing on the latest international studies of the poems in their manuscript context, and written by experts in their individual fields, engaging with the texts in their original language and context, but presented with full translations, this companion volume to The Poetic Edda: Essays on Old Norse Mythology (Routledge, 2002) is accessible to students and illuminating for experts. Essays also examine the afterlife of the heroic poems in Norse legendary saga, late medieval Icelandic poetry, the nineteenth-century operas of Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen, and the recently published (posthumous) poem by Tolkien, The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún. "--
Inclinate aurem : oral perspectives on early European verbal culture : a symposium
The elder Edda and early forms of the epic
Edda Jónsdottir : Norræna husid = The Nordic House, 23. februar - 10. mars 1991
This is the first comprehensive and accessible survey in English of Old Norse eddic poetry: a remarkable body of literature rooted in the Viking Age, which is a critical source for the study of early Scandinavian myths, poetics, culture and society. Dramatically recreating the voices of the legendary past, eddic poems distil moments of high emotion as human heroes and supernatural beings alike grapple with betrayal, loyalty, mortality and love. These poems relate the most famous deeds of gods such as Óðinn and Þórr with their adversaries the giants; they bring to life the often fraught interactions between kings, queens and heroes as well as their encounters with valkyries, elves, dragons and dwarfs. Written by leading international scholars, the chapters in this volume showcase the poetic riches of the eddic corpus, and reveal its relevance to the history of poetics, gender studies, pre-Christian religions, art history and archaeology.
Religion, myth, and folklore in the world's epics : the Kalevala and its predecessors
The Nordic apocalypse : approaches to Vǫluspá and Nordic days of judgement
On the dating and nature of "Eddic poetry" with some considerations of the performance and preservation of Grimnisma̓l
The U version of Snorra Edda
Initiation between two worlds : structure and symbolism in pre-Christian Scandinavian religion
A method for analyzing world-models in Scandinavian mythology
The poetic Edda. Vol.1, Heroic poems
The Edda songs and sagas of Iceland : a lecture by George Browning
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography II : Hrimþurs and cosmogony (a contrbution to the Vanir debate)
Mythes et religions scandinaves
"Eddic, Skaldic, and Beyond shines light on traditional divisions of Old Norse-Icelandic poetry and awakens the reader to work that blurs these boundaries. Many of the texts and topics taken up in these enlightening essays have been difficult to categorize and have consequently been overlooked or undervalued. The boundaries between genres (Eddic and Skaldic), periods (Viking Age, medieval, early modern), or cultures (Icelandic, Scandinavian, English, Continental) may not have been as sharp in the eyes and ears of contemporary authors and audiences as they are in our own. When questions of classification are allowed to fade into the background, at least temporarily, the poetry can be appreciated on its own terms. Some of the essays in this collection present new material, while others challenge long-held assumptions. They reflect the idea that poetry with "medieval" characteristics continued to be produced in Iceland well past the fifteenth century, and even beyond the Protestant Reformation in Iceland (1550). This superb volume, rich in up-to-date scholarship, makes little-known material accessible to a wide audience"--
Old Norse-Icelandic literature : a short introduction
Edda and Saga
A history of old Norse poetry and poetics
The elder Edda and ancient Scandinavian drama
A handbook to Eddic poetry : myths and legends of early Scandinavia
The meters of old Norse Eddic poetry : common Germanic inheritance and North Germanic innovation
Revisiting the poetic Edda : essays on Old Norse heroic legend
Snorri Sturluson and the Edda : the conversion of cultural capital in medieval Scandinavia
The gospel of Loki
Mussolini and I.
Tolkien and the invention of myth : a reader
Poems of the Vikings : the Elder Edda
A concordance to Eddic poetry
The so-called Second grammatical treatise : an orthographic pattern of late thirteenth-century Icelandic
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
The legend of Sigurd and Gudrun
"The poems of the Poetic Edda have waited a long time for a Modern English translation that would do them justice. Here it is at last (Odin be praised!) and well worth the wait. These amazing texts from a 13th-century Icelandic manuscript are of huge historical, mythological and literary importance, containing the lion's share of information that survives today about the gods and heroes of pre-Christian Scandinavians, their unique vision of the beginning and end of the world, etc. Jackson Crawford's modern versions of these poems are authoritative and fluent and often very gripping.  With their individual headnotes and complementary general introduction, they supply today's readers with most of what they need to know in order to understand and appreciate the beliefs, motivations, and values of the Vikings." --Dick Ringler, Professor Emeritus of English and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
News from other worlds : studies in Nordic folklore, mythology and culture : in honor of John F. Lindow
The poetic Edda. Volume 3, Mythological poems II
The Kalevala as a model for our understanding of the composition of the Codex Regius of the Poetic Edda
"This collection visits the dramatic poems of Old Norse heroic legend and is a companion volume to The Poetic Edda: Essays on Old Norse Mythology (Routledge, 2002), considering speech act and feminist theory, queer theory and psychoanalytic theory (among others) to raise new questions about the poetry and its reception"--
The poetic Edda
Icelandic sagas, eddas, and art : treasures illustrating the greatest mediaeval literary heritage of Northern Europe
