http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9312 continuo
continuo
The Secular solo songs of Henry Purcell. Volume 2
The Secular solo songs of Henry Purcell. Volume 1
Polish-Swedish cultural relations during the Vasa dynasty : Stockholm, February 10th-12th 1995 : conference papers
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the 17th and 18th centuries. Vol. 2
Five Canzonas for treble instrument and continuo : Il Primo Libro Delle Canzoni = Fünf Canzonen für sopraninstrument und basso continuo
Continuo playing according to Handel : his figured bass exercises
Harpsichord method : based on sixteenth to eighteenth-century sources. Text
Consort of fower parts
Henry Purcell
Figured bass accompaniment. 2
The performance of Italian basso continuo : style in keyboard accompaniment in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
An essay on thoroughbass
Purcell and Handel in Bickham's Musical entertainer
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the XVIIth & XVIIIth centuries
Johann David Heinichen's Gründliche Anweisung (1711) : comprehensive instruction on basso continuo, with historical biographies
Arias, operatic and oratorio scenes, cantatas, and instrumental works.  In part, figured bass realized for keyboard instrument.
Trio sonata in C major [Nuottijulkaisu] : for two violins and basso continuo
Figured bass accompaniment. 1
The interpretation of early music
With charming notes
Thorough-bass accompaniment according to Johann David Heinichen
Harpsichord method : based on sixteenth to eighteenth-century sources
The music of the figured bass era
18th century continuo playing : A historical guide to the basics
Upon a ground : improvisation on ostinato basses from the sixteenth to the eighteenth centuries
Authenticity in performance : eighteenth-century case studies
Flötenmusik : Methodische Sonaten für Querflöte oder Violine und Basso continuo = Methodical sonatas for tranverse flute or violin and basso continuo : herausgegeben von Max Seiffert = Flute music = Musique pour Flûte
Thoroughbass method : with excerpts from the theoretical works of Praetorius, Niedt, Telemann, Mattheson, Heinichen, J.S. & C. P.E. Bach, Quantz, and Padre Mattei, and numerous examples from the literature of the 17th and 18th centuries
Performing baroque music
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the 17th and 18th centuries. Vol. 1
Italian baroque solo sonatas for the recorder and the flute
International encyclopedia of violin-keyboard sonatas and composer biographies
'The lonely shepherd'
The theater of music
18th century continuo playing : a historical guide to the basics
