http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9319 metadata
metadata
An example of a synergistic relationship between software architecture and a domain-specific language
Implementing an open source web content management system
Metadata solutions : using metamodels, repositories, XML, and enterprise portals to generate information on demand
Representation and management of narrative information : theoretical principles and implementation
Knowledge organization and classification in international information retrieval
Semantically supported media services with user participation : report on the RISE-project
XML Finland '99 : 23-24.09.1999, Helsinki Fair Centre
Information and documentation. Managing metadata for records. Part 2, Conceptual and implementation issues = Information et documentation. Gestion des métadonnée pour l'information et les documents. Partie 2, Concepts et mise en œuvre
Metadata for the long term preservation of electronic publications
Publishing and using cultural heritage linked data on the semantic Web
Foundations of the semantic web  : XML, RDF & ontology
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Cataloging nonprint and Internet resources : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Rethinking library technical services : redefining our profession for the future
Semantic web for dummies
Managing content in e-learning environments
Development of a Native Cross-Platform iRODS GUI Client
The definitive guide to the state of the art of multimedia information extractionGovernment analysts, think tank researchers, managers at top websites-basically everyone-is searching for the best ways to access and exploit the vast amounts of multimedia data made available over large networks every day. Written by an international team of experts, Multimedia Information Extraction provides a detailed road map to how that's done.The first book to address not only multimedia retrieval but also information extraction from and across media, it offers diverse perspectives on how this emerging technology can help meet the growing demand in industry and government for stock media access, media preservation, broadcast news retrieval, identity management, video surveillance, and more.Including a Foreword by Professor Alan Smeaton, founding coordinator of the international TRECVid, Multimedia Information Extraction covers:. The fundamental issues in processing and multimedia source extraction. The history and state of the art of multimedia information extraction. Image and video extraction, with tools ranging from visual feature localization to social redundancy. Affect extraction in audio and imagery, from paralinguistic information retrieval to affect-based indexing. Multimedia annotation and authoringAn inspiring, much-needed resource for researchers and developers in government, industry, and academia, this book also offers guidance on using the material in the core curriculum of ACM SIGCHI, ACM/IEEE Computer Science, and ACM/IEEE Information Technology.
Introduction to metadata
XML Finland 2001 : conference proceedings : surviving the XML (R)evolution, November 14-15, 2001, Tampere, Finland
International standard. 23081-1, Information and documentation, records management processes, metadata for records : Part 1: Principles = Information et documentation, processus de gestion des enregistrements, métadonnées pour les enregistrements : Partie 1: Principes
Digital interactive TV and metadata : future broadcast multimedia
Towards a European forest information system
Cataloging the Web : metadata, AACR, and MARC 21
Functional future for bibliographic control : transitioning into new communities of practice and awareness
Visualization of geospatial metadata for selecting geographic datasets
Creating Corpora of Finland’s Sign Languages
The tao of open source intelligence
Interpreting hashtag politics : policy ideas in an era of social media
Semantics in business systems : the savvy manager's guide
On meta-descriptions for cross-linguistic electronic linguistic data
Search Engine Optimization for Flash
Digital interactive TV and the Digital Broadcast Item Model (DBIM)
Handbook of metadata, semantics and ontologies
The discipline of organizing
Information architecture for information professionals
Information architecture : blueprints for the Web
"We believe that the community of information professionals who have organized and preserved the world's written treasures for thousands of years will not fail to continue to organize and preserve the world's digital treasures in the future, demonstrating their usual sensitivity and creativity, remembering the lessons history has taught them, and keeping in mind the interests of all their user communities, present and future, as they have always done". With these bold words, three experts in cataloguing tackle the topic of metadata; of "data about data". They examine the application of this concept to a variety of circumstances in which librarians may increasingly find themselves. Part One examines the characteristics of multiple metadata, the creation of metadata for both monographic and continuous electronic resources, and its integration into local catalogues and databases. Part Two explores metadata's effect on current developments in online reference, choice of metadata, archiving and digital preservation, and professional education, as well as possible future innovations. It is compulsory reading for library information specialists.
How to improve a Content Management System using ontology?
Online GIS and spatial metadata
Guidelines for statistical metadata on the Internet
Introduction to metadata : pathways to digital information
Tempting to tag : an experimental comparison of four tagging input mechanisms
Integrated Domain Model for Digital Rights Management
Providing effective access to information resources remains a critical role of the information professional in today's digital world. If anything, it has become an even greater challenge, as domains converge and the amount of information available continues to grow exponentially. This book provides a systematic overview of the ways in which information resources are being described so as to facilitate their access across a wide range of contexts. The focus is on metadata used in contemporary systems and environments: Who creates it? How is it created? What makes some better than others? How is it shared? Information Resource Description serves as a primer on the rewarding field of information organization. It integrates the rich traditions of established fields, such as librarianship and archival studies, with emerging ones, such as information architecture and the Semantic Web, to produce a commentary on the enduring value and relevance of indexing and description for those interested in providing quality information. This commentary is based on fundamental concepts represented by key standards such as Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records (FRBR), Resource Description and Access (RDA), and the Resource Description Framework (RDF). Key topics include: information resource attributes, metadata tools and systems, metadata sources, metadata quality, sharing metadata, metadata standards, vocabularies, the future of metadata. This book is essential reading for LIS students taking information organization courses at undergraduate and postgraduate levels, information professionals wishing to specialize in the metadata field, and existing metadata specialists who wish to update their knowledge.
Data and metadata reporting and presentation handbook
Metadata and its applications in the digital library : approaches and practices
The Nordic metadata project : final report
LREC 2000 second international conference on language resources and evaluation : workshop proceedings : meta-descriptions and annotation schemes for multimodal/multimedia language resources, Athens, Greece, 29-30 May 2000
Developing quality metadata : building innovative tools and workflow solutions
Social semantics : the search for meaning on the web
Content reusability in learning management systems : Priit Mägi
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
Usage of extensible stylesheet language in processing XML documents with Microsoft Internet Explorer 5
Metadata applications and management
The elements of knowledge organization
Dublin core -metadataformaatin suomalainen versio = Finnish version of Dublin Core metadata elements
With or without context : automatic text categorization using semantic kernels
Data consistency by a metadata management solution
Metadata for digital resources : implementation, systems design and interoperability
Metadata for information management and retrieval
Personal content experience : managing digital life in the mobile age
2004 Dublin Core Annual Conference : metadata across languages and cultures : DC-2004 : proceedings of the International Conference on Dublin Core and Metadata Applications, October 11-14 2004 Shanghai China
Digital preservation and metadata : history, theory and practice
Aligning business and IT with metadata : the financial services way
Adaptive semantic web based environment for web resources
Multimedia information extraction : advances in video, audio, and imagery analysis for search, data mining, surveillance, and authoring
International standard. 22310, Information and documentation : guidelines for standards drafters for stating records management requirements in standards = Information et documentation : lignes directrices pour les rédacteurs de normes pour les exigences de "records management" dans les normes
Reusable digital learning material production
Digital media : technological and social challenges of the interactive world
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Cataloging and classification : an introduction
An Example of a Synergistic Relationship Between Software Architecture and a Domain-Specific Language
Dublin Core -metadataformaatin suomalainen versio = Finnish version of Dublin Core metadata elements
Initializing video metadata in pre-production with a mobile application
Foundations of data exchange
Metamodelling for software engineering
Microformats : empowering your markup for Web 2.0
The potential of the content management concept to constructing information domain of network centric warfare
Discovering online resources across the humanities : a practical implementation of the Dublin Core
Managing electronic records
Information architecture : designing information environments for purpose
Developing feeds with RSS and Atom
Terminology on statistical metadata
Museums and the Web 2004 : selected papers from an international conference
Archiving the web : European experiences
Designing user-centric metadata for digital snapshot photography
Integrating SOA and web services
Electronic cataloging : AACR2 and metadata for serials and monographs
Abstract: Metadata driven data utilization in ecommerce solution. The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to develop a proof of concept with SharePoint for ecommerce site that uses search index to provide data. The study concentrated in evaluating features that are seen important in online commerce web sites and how their implementations would suffice in the application platform, which has seen little use in online commerce. As a result an ecommerce site that utilizes SharePoint 2013 features to fulfill common ecommerce site requirements as well as possible was created. The site uses search index as data provider for the customer site and it has a separate site for product administration that is indexed. The project required architectural research and understanding of metadata and its use in search services for creating queries and faceted navigation. The project application platform was found to include many metadata enhanced search functionalities. Ecommerce features were found existing and working but lacking for extensive use. As products are queried from search index there are insufficient information about user preferences or behavior for personalized product promotions. Missing shopping cart functionality was also noted. Search functions described in this project can be used to develop search-driven content utilization also with other content types.
Institutional repository as a center of services
Dynamism and stability in knowledge organization : proceedings of the sixth International ISKO Conference, 10-13 July 2000, Toronto, Canada
Semantic Web : the next generation Web
How can hospital performance be measured and monitored?
Innovative redesign and reorganization of library technical services : paths for the future and case studies
Metadata for digital collections : a how-to-do-it manual
The Federative approach to data governance and management in an open information systems environment : a case study on data governance and management of clinical breast cancer treatment data
Abstract: How to improve a Content Management System using ontology?.
Aelaemoeloe soundscape generator and the Obsession augmented cinema narrative engine : two authoring tool prototypes for narrative logic in sample based generative media
Definitions in information management : a guide to the fundamental semantic metadata
Project Mus.Cat: a CMS open-source application
Information and documentation. Managing metadata for records. Part 3, Self-assessment method = Information et documentation. Gestion des métadonnée pour l'information et les documents. Partie 3, Méthode d'auto-évaluation
Understanding data and information systems for recordkeeping
Digital preservation for libraries, archives, and museums
Deconstructing the (Re)Constructed : issues in conceptualising the annotation of archaeological virtual realities
The role of metadata in electronic publishing
DC-2001 Dublin Core and Metadata Applications 2001 : proceedings of the International Conference on Dublin Core and Metadata Applcations 2001, National institute of informatics, October 24-26, 2001, Tokyo Japan
Information resource description : creating and managing metadata
Using the Open Archives Initiative protocol for metadata harvesting
Sorting out the Web : approaches to subject access
Metadata and its impact on libraries
Metadata fundamentals for all librarians
Post-editing of machine translation : processes and applications
Revised framework for integration of Electronic Document Management Systems and Electronic Records Management Systems : technical report for information and image management
Developing a standard for meta-descriptions of multimedia language resources
Information and documentation : international standard link identifier (ISLI) = Information et documentation : identification de connexion standard international (ISLI)
Introduction to metadata : pathways to digital information / edited by Murtha Baca
Information and documentation : implementation guidelines for digitization of records = Information et documentation : mise en œuvre des lignes directrices pour la numérisation des enregistrements
International standard. 21449, Content delivery and rights management : functional requirements for identifiers and descriptors for use in the music, film, video, sound recording and publishing industries = Mise à dispositon de contenus et gestion de droits : spécifications fonctionelles des identificateurs et descripteurs à l'usage des industries musicales, cinématographiques, vidégraphiques, phonographiques et de l'édition
The use of metadata in network management system as a social action
Managing emergency response with the help of information technology ; feasibility study in the finnish perspective
Metadata management for information control and business success
Customizing news content for individuals and communities
Scripting intelligence : Web 3.0 information gathering and processing
Metadata : an introduction and practical guide
Semantic web for the working ontologist : effective modeling in RDFS and OWL
