http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9316 inspiration
inspiration
Music and inspiration
Ignore everybody : and 39 other keys to creativity
Art saves : stories, inspiration and prompts sharing the power of art
Oracle night
The courage to create
Beauty muse : painting with communion with nature
The dynamics of creation
Einstein, Picasso : space, time and the beauty that causes havoc
Romantic poetry as inspiration of Brahms : description and analysis of an early poem collection of the composer
"Since cinema's earliest days, literary adaptation has provided the movies with stories; and so we use literary terms like metaphor, metonymy and synedoche to describe visual things. But there is another way of looking at film, and that is through its relationship with the visual arts - mainly painting, the oldest of the art forms. Art History for Filmmakers is an inspiring guide to how images from art can be used by filmmakers to establish period detail, and to teach composition, color theory and lighting. The book looks at the key moments in the development of the Western painting, and how these became part of the Western visual culture from which cinema emerges, before exploring how paintings can be representative of different genres, such as horror, sex, violence, realism and fantasy, and how the images in these paintings connect with cinema. Insightful case studies explore the links between art and cinema through the work of seven high-profile filmmakers, including Peter Greenaway, Peter Webber, Jack Cardiff, Martin Scorsese, Guillermo del Toro, Quentin Tarantino and Stan Douglas. A range of practical exercises are included in the text, which can be carried out singly or in small teams. Featuring stunning full-color images, Art History for Filmmakers provides budding filmmakers with a practical guide to how images from art can help to develop their understanding of the visual language of film"--
Effective strategic leadership
Reader, I married him : stories inspired by Jane Eyre
Brave enough
99% inspiration : tips, tales & techniques for liberating your business creativity
Taking flight : inspiration and techniques to give your creative spirit wings
Organic design : products inspired by nature
The last days of Pompeii : decadence, apocalypse, resurrection
Cultivating the muse : struggles for power and inspiration in classical literature
Jazz meets Africa : the innovative sound of African infused jazz
1000 ideas by 100 fashion designers
Small scenes from a big galaxy
Against happiness : in praise of melancholy
Blinding light
Nature design : from inspiration to innovation
Inspired : how creative people think, work and find inspiration
Holy Scripture : revelation, inspiration & interpretation
Life touch : inspiration, research, and concept design
The two Lolitas
Georgia O'Keeffe and Alfred Stieglitz
From art to landscape : unleashing creativity in garden design
The awe-manac : a daily dose of wonder
What is true of Scripture as a result of being inspired? What should divine inspiration cause us to expect from it? The answers to these questions in the early church related not just to the nature of Scripture's truth claims but to the manner in which Scripture was to be interpreted. In this book Michael Graves delves into what Christians in the first five centuries believed about the inspiration of Scripture, identifying the ideas that early Christians considered to be logical implications of biblical inspiration. Many books presume to discuss how some current trend relates to the "traditional" view of biblical inspiration; this one actually describes in a detailed and nuanced way what the "traditional" view is and explores the differences between ancient and modern assumptions on the topic.
Oracle Night
A choreographer's handbook
Brave intuitive painting : let go, be bold, unfold
Sudden genius? : the gradual path to creative breakthroughs
Out there : design, art, travel, shopping
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
"From the best-selling author of Wild, a collection of quotes--drawn from the wide range of her writings--that capture her wisdom, courage, and outspoken humor, presented in a gift-sized package that's as irresistible to give as it is to receive. Around the world, thousands of people have found inspiration in the words of Cheryl Strayed, who in her three prior books and in her "Dear Sugar" columns has shared the twists and trials of her remarkable life. Her honesty, spirit, and ample supply of tough love have enabled many of us, even in the darkest hours, to somehow put one foot in front of the other--and be brave enough. This book gathers, each on a single page, more than 100 of Strayed's indelible quotes and thoughts--"mini instruction manuals for the soul" that urge us toward the incredible capacity for love, compassion, forgiveness, and endurance that is within us all. Be brave enough to break your own heart. You can't ride to the fair unless you get on the pony. Keep walking. Acceptance is a small, quiet room. Romantic love is not a competitive sport. Forward is the direction of real life. Ask yourself: What is the best I can do? And then do that"--
The Bard & Co : Shakespeare's role in modern business
The inspiration and interpretation of scripture : what the early church can teach us
This collection of original stories by today's finest women writers--including Tracy Chevalier, Francine Prose, Elizabeth McCracken, Tessa Hadley, Audrey Niffenegger, and more--takes inspiration from the opening line in Charlotte Brontë's most beloved novel, Jane Eyre. A fixture in the literary canon, Charlotte Brontë is revered by readers all over the world. Her novels featuring unforgettable, strong heroines still resonate with millions today. And who could forget one of literature's best-known lines: "Reader, I married him" from her classic novel Jane Eyre? Part of a remarkable family that produced three acclaimed female writers at a time in nineteenth-century Britain when few women wrote, and fewer were published, Bronté has become a great source of inspiration to writers, especially women, ever since. Now in Reader, I Married Him, twenty of today's most celebrated women authors have spun original stories, using the opening line from Jane Eyre as a springboard for their own flights of imagination. – WorldCat.
This collection of original stories by today's finest women writers--including Tracy Chevalier, Francine Prose, Elizabeth McCracken, Tessa Hadley, Audrey Niffenegger, and more--takes inspiration from the opening line in Charlotte Brontë's most beloved novel, Jane Eyre. A fixture in the literary canon, Charlotte Brontë is revered by readers all over the world. Her novels featuring unforgettable, strong heroines still resonate with millions today. And who could forget one of literature's best-known lines: "Reader, I married him" from her classic novel Jane Eyre? Part of a remarkable family that produced three acclaimed female writers at a time in nineteenth-century Britain when few women wrote, and fewer were published, Bronté has become a great source of inspiration to writers, especially women, ever since. Now in Reader, I Married Him, twenty of today's most celebrated women authors have spun original stories, using the opening line from Jane Eyre as a springboard for their own flights of imagination.
Wear your chair : when fashion meets interior design
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
The lives of the muses : nine women & the artists they inspired
Fifty artists who work in a variety of mediums reveal how they stay motivated and find new ideas, while offering strategies and projects for breaking through the creative block.
Inspiration and vision
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Very good lives : the fringe benefits of failure and the importance of imagination
"A book of inspirational quotes culled from the author's writings"--
Modernism and poetic inspiration : the shadow mouth
IDEO method cards : 51 ways to inspire design
Buddhavacana and Dei verbum : a phenomenological and theological comparison of scriptural inspiration in the Saddharmapundarika Sutra and in the Christian tradition
Lines of vision : Irish writers on art
Creative living : London
Daily rituals : how great minds make time, find inspiration, and get to work
The art of embroidery : inspirational stitches, textures and surfaces
The art of creative thinking
Poetry and prophecy : the anthropology of inspiration
Graphic design : inspirations and innovations
Holy Scripture : a dogmatic sketch
The brighter side
High culture : reflections on addiction and modernity
Cats : the nine lives of innovation
A brief theology of revelation : the 1993 Warfield lectures
Getting the buggers to do their homework
Street art : in the artists' own words..
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Music in art : through the ages
The big book of brainstorming games : quick, effective activities that encourage out-of-the-box thinking, improve collaboration, and spark great ideas!
Drawing closer to nature : making art in dialogue with the natural world
The interior world of Tom Dixon
Literary Britain and Ireland : a guide to the places that inspired poets, playwrights and novelists
Music and modern art
Inspiration: An Analysis of Students' Conception of Inspiration in Art and Design
Unconscious wisdom : a superego function in dreams, conscience, and inspiration
Refashioning myth : poetic transformations and metamorphoses
The creative process : a symposium
Art history for filmmakers
Studio Olafur Eliasson : the kitchen
Kabbalah in art and architecture
Quicksand
Steal like an artist : 10 things nobody told you about being creative
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
Picasso and the great painters
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Creative block : get unstuck, discover new ideas : advice and projects from 50 successful artists
In 2008, J.K. Rowling delivered a deeply affecting commencement speech at Harvard University. Now, due to popular demand, the most-viewed commencement speech on Harvard’s website is published for the first time in book form. In Very Good Lives, J.K. Rowling asks the profound and provocative questions: How can we embrace failure? And how can we use our imagination to better both ourselves and others? Drawing from stories of her own postgraduate years, the world-famous author addresses some of life’s most important issues with acuity and emotional force. Harvard President Drew Gilpin Faust said, “I have heard and read many commencement speeches, none more moving and memorable than J.K. Rowling’s. Years after her visit to Harvard, people still talk about it—and still find inspiration in her singular evocation of the idea that living a meaningful life so often means daring to risk failure. What a powerful example she embodies, and what a remarkable gift her speech was, and is, for all of us privileged to hear it then—and to read it now.” As well as contributing toward university-wide financial aid at Harvard University, sales of Very Good Lives will benefit Lumos, a non-profit international children’s organization founded by J.K. Rowling, which works to end the institutionalization of children around the world.
Creative management
Lies and epiphanies : composers and their inspiration from Wagner to Berg
Collins artist's little book of inspiration
The pulse of mixed media : secrets and passions of 100 artist revealed
When threads tell the stories : study of the process of creation
Reality beyond reality
The A-Z of visual ideas : how to solve any creative brief
The well-read muse : present and past in Callimachus and the Hellenistic poets
Drawn in : a peek into the inspiring sketchbooks of 44 fine artist, illustrators, graphic designers, and cartoonists
The theory of inspiration : composition as a crisis of subjectivity in Romantic and post-Romantic writing
Each IDEO method card describes one method and includes a brief story about how and when to use it. The cards are divided into four categories Learn, Look, Ask, and Try making it easy to reference, browse, sort, and share the cards.
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth, and change
I am an artist
Creativity : from potential to realization
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Experiments with truth : Gandhi and the images of nonviolence
Inspiration : Bacchus and the cultural history of a creation myth
It's not only rock 'n' roll : iconic musicians reveal the source of their creativity
Self portrait : Elise's dissertation : variation of a variation
The tools of leadership : vision, inspiration, momentum
Nomad : bringing your travels home
