http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9317 food hygiene
food hygiene
Sanitation management : strategies for success
The safety of canned foods : report of the Royal Society of Health Conference on the Safety of Canned Foods
Sous vide and cook-chill processing for the food industry
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 4.
Microbiology of food and cosmetics in Europe. [5], Containment of food-transmitted risks presented by emerging pathogens : proceedings of sixth international symposium, Ispra (VA), 15 April 1997
Control of fish quality
Food packaging and shelf life : a practical guide
Food microbiology and food safety into the next millennium : proceedings of the seventeenth International Conference of the International Committee on Food Microbiology and Hygiene (ICFMH), Veldhoven, The Netherlands, 13-17 September 1999
Inhibition and inactivation of vegetative microbes
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Is it safe to eat? : enjoy eating and minimize food risks
Ready-to-eat foods : microbial concerns and control measures
World congress on Food Hygiene, 1997, August 24 - 29, The Hague, The Netherlands / World Association of Veterinary Food Hygienists. Proceedings of the World Congress on Food Hygiene
The prevalence of thermophilic Campylobacter spp. in raw foodstuffs of Estonian origin sold at retail level of Tartu town
Food processing technology : principles and practice
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : proceedings = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen. 1, 0001.
Culinary arts and sciences IV : global and national perspectives
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
FAO/WFP joint guidelines for crop and food security assessment missions (CFSAMs)
Strengthening national food control systems : guidelines to assess capacity building needs
Microbial food poisoning
Detection, quantification and characterization of food related microorganisms using molecular and physiological methods
Food quality control : foods of animal origin
Glossary of food safety terms : (English-Finnish-Russian, with Chinese index) = Elintarviketurvallisuusalan sanasto : (englanti-suomi-venäjä sekä kiinankielinen hakemisto) = Slovar' terminov po bezopasnosti piŝevoj produkcii : (anglo-finsko-russkij, s kitajsko-anglijskim ukazatelem terminov)
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
TRAINING REPORT
The food safety handbook
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 3.
Auditing food safety
Guide to foodborne pathogens
Advanced bread and pastry : a professional approach
Cleaner production assessment in fish processing
Proceedings of the symposium Food Associated Pathogens, May 6 - 8, 1996, Uppsala, Sweden
ISO 22000 Food safety management systems : an easy-to-use checklist for small business : are you ready?
BRC global standard : for food safety
Microbiological analyses of raw milk quality and cheese products in Asmara and surrounding, Eritrea
Professional food manager
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Aflatoxins in foods and feeds
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : Final Congress Document = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen
Cleaner production assessment in meat processing
Servsafe manager book
Principles of food sanitation
Investigations into the microbial factors affecting the keeping quality of butter
The BRC global standard for food safety : a guide to a successful audit
Hygiene proficiency in Finland in 2002-2005
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : proceedings = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen. 2, 0002.
HACCP and its instruments : a manager's guide
A colour atlas of food quality control
Molecular typing and source attribution of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni isolates
Microorganisms in foods. 7, Microbiological testing in food safety management
A textbook of hygiene
XVII Nordic Veterinary Congress, 26-29 july 1994, Reykjavik, Iceland : proceedings and abstracts volume 1.
Foodborne diseases
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
XVII Nordic Veterinary Congress, 26-29 july 1994, Reykjavik, Iceland : proceedings volume 2.
The HACCP Food Safety Training Manual
HACCP : a practical approach
Proceedings [of] 50th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, August 8-13 2004, Helsinki, Finland
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 1, Disease status, production methods and transportation of the live animal : proceedings of a meeting held at Conferentiecentrum Kaap Doorn, The Netherlands, 23 - 26 October 1995
Fish and shellfish quality assessment : a guide for retailers and restauranteurs
Sanitation in food processing
Listeria monocytogenes : farm and dairy studies
Food poisoning and food hygiene
Dzivnieki. Veseliba. Partikas higiena : Starptautiskas zinatniskas konferences raksti, Jelgava, 2004. gada 15. oktobri = Animals. Health. Foog Quality : International scientific conference proceedings, 15 October, 2004, Jelgava, Latvia
Waters
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
Food safety & quality assurance : foods of animal origin
The principles of modern dairy practice from a bacteriological point of view
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Biofilm formation and its elimination from food processing equipment
The application of HACCP to the handling of meat and poultry in retail food stores, foodservice establishments, and households
Milk testing : the laboratory control of milk
Dosing equipment and dosing of kitchen hygiene products of JohnsonDiversey : basic concepts and terms
The "hygiene package" : a new approach to food safety
Improving the safety of fresh fruit and vegetables
Examining food & nutrition for GCSE
Proceedings - Food Safety Assurance and Veterinary Public Health: the Topical Research Issues, September 30th - October 2nd 2000, University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna. Event 1, Food safety assurance in the preharvest phase
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 2, Slaughter and dressing : proceedings of a meeting held at Sangallo Palace Hotel, Perugia, Italy, 5 - 8 February 1996
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
The sous vide handbook : a user's guide to the system
The Finnish hygiene clinic assists the food industry
"The importance of packaging hardly needs stressing since only a handful of foods are sold in an unpackaged state. With an increasing focus on sustainability and cost-effectiveness, responsible companies no longer want to over-package their food products, yet many remain unsure just where reductions can effectively be made. Food Packaging and Shelf Life: A Practical Guide provides package developers with the information they need to specify just the right amount of protective packaging to maintain food quality and maximize shelf life. Current food packaging must take into consideration the biochemical, chemical, physical, and biological changes that occur during processing, distribution, and storage. Organized according to chapters devoted to specific food products, this practical handbook defines - for the first time - the indices of failure for foods as diverse as milk, fruits, bottled water, juices, vegetables, fish, and beef. It discusses the deteriorative reactions for each and reviews how different packaging materials may influence time to failure and thus shelf life."--Publisher's description.
Poultry meat hygiene and inspection
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : abstracts = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen
Food hygiene : basic texts
General requirements (food hygiene)
Industrial portioning and packaging of meat : course workbook
The food hygiene handbook
Cleaner production assessment in dairy processing
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : proceedings. Volume 2
Microbiology : general guidance for enumeration of yeasts and moulds : colony count technique at 25 [Celsius] = Microbiologie : directives générales pour le dénombrement des levures et moisissures : technique par comptage des colonies a 25 [Celsius]
Microorganisms in foods. 8, Use of data for assessing process control and product acceptance
Case studies in food safety and environmental health
Microorganisms in foods. 5, Characteristics of microbial pathogens
Food hygiene the facts!
Genetic arrangements of cpe gene region of three Clostridium perfingens strains with unknown genotypes
A synopsis of hygiene : Jameson and Parkinson
Examination of foods for enteropathogenic and indicator bacteria : review of methodology and manual of selected procedures
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : abstracts
HACCP in meat, poultry and fish processing
Control of food quality and food analysis : an industry-university symposium ... University of Reading, 22-24 March, 1983
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 3, Cutting and further processing
Food safety for the 21st century : managing HACCP and food safety throughout the global supply chain
Essentials of food safety and sanitation
Integrated food safety and veterinary public health
The microbiological safety and quality of food
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 2.
Molecular approaches to food safety : issues involving toxic microorganisms
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
Food plant sanitation
World Congress on Food Hygiene 1997, August 24-29, The Hague, The Netherlands. Hand-out Friday 29 August 1997
Food safe kitchens : presenting eight food-safe steps : written expressly for the home cook
The food safety handbook : (Level 2)
Food safety and quality assurance : foods of animal origin
HACCP : a food industry briefing
Microbiological aspects of food hygiene : report of a WHO Expert Committee with the participation of FAO
Lactobacillus fructivorans spoilage of tomato ketchup
The restaurant : from concept to operation. Student workbook
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 4, Microbial methods for the meat industry : proceedings of a meeting held at "Het Pand" Conference Centre, Gent, Belgium 14 -16 October 1996
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
An evaluation of the role of microbiological criteria for foods and food ingredients
Risk assessment of microbial problems and preventive actions in food industry : 2nd Open Seminar arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Istanbul, Turkey, October 22-23, 2007
Microbiological spoilage and contamination of vacuum-packaged cooked sausages
Food microbiology and hygiene
BRC Global Standard : for food safety
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Food hygiene and management
The A-Z of food safety
HACCP : principles and practice : teacher's handbook
Hygiene in food processing : principles and practice
Zoning in food processing : requirements and examples
Intermediate food hygiene
Principles and practice of milk hygiene
International development: Finland
Detection and identification of harmful microbes : 1st Workshop arranged by Safoodnet, Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries, FP6-022808-2006, Brno, Czech Republic, December 10-12, 2007
Thornton's meat hygiene
Contamination routes and control of Listeria monocytogenes in food production
Introduction to professional food service
Poultry meat processing
Microanalytical entomology for food sanitation control
FAO/WHO Expert meeting on the application of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sector : potential food safety implications : meeting report
Hygiene management in food factories
Proceedings - Food Safety Assurance and Veterinary Public Health; the Topical Research Issues, September 29 - October 1st 2001, University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna, Veterinärplatz 1, 1210 Vienna Austria. Event 2, Safety assurance during food processing
Microbial contaminants & contamination routes in food industry : 1st open seminar arranged by Safoodnet - Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries; FP6-022808-2006 : Espoo, Finland, January 22-23, 2007
Drug depletion from muscular tissue of rainbowtrout (Salmo gairdneri) : methods of analysis and withdrawal times
Microbial control in the meat industry
Food, bacteria and health : a practical guide
The food book
Freshness, quality and safety in seafoods
Handbook for safe food service management
Food micro '96 : technology, safety, stability : 16th International Symposium of the International Committee on Food Microbiology and Hygiene (IUMS-ICFMH), August 27-30, 1996, University of Horticulture and Food Science, Budapest, Hungary
The food safety information handbook
