http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9311 figured bass
figured bass
Running the numbers : a thorough figured bass workbook for keyboard players
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the 17th and 18th centuries. Vol. 2
Der Generalbass : eine Anleitung für der Continuo-Stimmen in den Werken der alten Meister = Thoroughbass : instruction leading to the performance of the continuo-parts in the works of the old masters = La basse continue : une instruction pour l'éxécution des parties chiffrées dans les chefs-d'oeuvres des anciens maîtres
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the XVIIth & XVIIIth centuries : Volume II
J. S. Bach's Precepts and principles for playing the thorough-bass or accompanying in four parts : Leipzig, 1738
Continuo playing according to Handel : his figured bass exercises
Accompanying rules for the bass viol
A history of keyboard theory
The performance of the basso continuo in Italian baroque music
Modal and tonal counterpoint : from Josquin to Stravinsky
Bach's continuo group : players and practices in his vocal works
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the XVIIth & XVIIIth centuries
Arias, operatic and oratorio scenes, cantatas, and instrumental works.  In part, figured bass realized for keyboard instrument.
Partimento and continuo playing in theory and in practice
Thorough-bass accompaniment according to Johann David Heinichen
Harpsichord method : based on sixteenth to eighteenth-century sources
The music of the figured bass era
Generalbass auf der klassischen Gitarre : ein praktischer Lehrgang nach historischen Prinzipen = Figured bass on the classical guitar : a practical approach based on historical principles
18th century continuo playing : A historical guide to the basics
Upon a ground : improvisation on ostinato basses from the sixteenth to the eighteenth centuries
Marpurg's thoroughbass and composition handbook : a narrative translation and critical study
Thoroughbass method : with excerpts from the theoretical works of Praetorius, Niedt, Telemann, Mattheson, Heinichen, J.S. & C. P.E. Bach, Quantz, and Padre Mattei, and numerous examples from the literature of the 17th and 18th centuries
Continuo playing on the lute, archlute and theorbo
Performing baroque music
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the 17th and 18th centuries. Vol. 1
18th century continuo playing : a historical guide to the basics
