http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9344 codes
codes
Aerodrome reports and forecasts : a users' handbook to the codes
Abstract.
The Einstein code
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 1
Zero-quantized inter DCT coefficient prediction for real-time video coding
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Code for the representation of names of languages. Osa 1= Part 1, Kaksikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 2 code
Electronic ticketing for Himos area
Applying usability cost-benefit analysis : explorations in commercial and open source software development contexts
An introduction to error correcting codes with applications
Joomla! for dummies
"Because you're worth it" : multilingualism in Finnish television advertising
The Tourism Society's dictionary for the tourism industry
Qt Quality Visualization
The knights of Neustria
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Feel the fear
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Codes for the representation of names of languages. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kolmikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 3 code
Linux bible 2010 edition : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, openSUSE®, and 13 other distributions
Sequences and their applications : : proceedings of SETA '01
Crypto : secrecy and privacy in the new code war
Intents Registry Eclipse Plugin
Code on alerts and indicators, 2009.
Investigation, Installation and Implementation of an Open Source Content Management System : Joomla as a case study
Abstract: Deploying an open source router. At the center of every network there is a router and a router is used to connect one network to another network. So a router has the responsibility of routing packets across different networks. The networks where this traffic is routed can either be located within the same proximity as that of the router or it can be miles away, for instance in another country. The aim of this project was to deploy an open source router and then customize it to carry out the exact role of commercial routers, which is to route traffic between networks. Various IP routing protocols such as RIP and OSPF were tested and in order to carry out this, a small local area network comprising of two routers and two PCs were designed. In order to experiment with this project various software and devices were needed. Some of the software needed to be downloaded and installed onto four PCs, two PCs of which were installed with an open source routing router (Quagga) and the operating system running on the PCs was the  Ubuntu Server 11.10 Server edition. The issue of compatibility between the operating system and  open-source routing router was the key point as to why Quagga and Ubuntu 11.10 server edition were chosen. The same deployment can be fully implemented by small startup companies when designing their networks. The outcome of the project showed that an open-source routing routers can be installed, configured and customized to carry out the intended purpose in a network, that is to route traffic between networks. In addition to that IP routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) worked well as expected though few problems for instance, RIPv1 worked well as compared to RIPv2 which had some shortcoming in terms of security. However the general goal of routing packets via open-source routing router (Quagga) was achieved and such project can be implemented in small companies.
Custom : an essay on social codes
Codeswitching in business documents : Finnish working instructions and minutes of meetings at Wärtsilä's experimental power plant
Two languages, two modalities:a special type of early bilingual language acquisition in hearing children of Deaf parents
Open source network management
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Code for the representation of names of languages. Osa 1, Kaksikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 2 code
Encoding, decoding and data refinement
A course in error-correcting codes
Open source and new media artists
Inferno
Use of QR codes in Vamk
Secrets of the code : the unauthorized guide to the mysteries behind the Da Vinci code
Deploying an Open Source Router   :  Quagga
OSS firms in international business context : opportunities and challenges from culture and piracy
Potential of RFID technology in logistics : case Metso Paper
The semiotics of performance
Google app inventor for Android
ASIF block and its functions in 3rd generation mobile phone
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Code for the representation of names of languages. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kolmikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 3 code
Abstract: Electronic ticketing for Himos area.
On the socio-technical dependencies in free/libre/open source software projects
The bar code book : reading, printing, specification, and application of bar code and other machine readable symbols
Modeling bilingualism from structure to chaos : in honor of Kees de Bot
The rule of four
Understanding consumer brand knowledge in developing strong brands : case of Quosis Oy
Essential PHP for Web professional
MAIDEN JA NIIDEN OSA-ALUEIDEN NIMIEN TUNNUKSET. OSA 1, MAIDEN NIMIEN TUNNUKSET : CODES FOR THE REPRESENTATION OF NAMES OF COUNTRIES AND THEIR SUBDIVISIONS
Introduction to cryptography : with coding theory
Designers' handbook to Eurocode 4. Part 1.1, Design of composite steel and concrete structures
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
On vector quantization with regular geometric structure
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Translation of idioms in the Finnish version of Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Introduction to coding theory
Modern day mobile phones aren`t anymore just for calling or for text messaging. Today they can be used e.g. for navigating, watching TV or surfing in the Internet. These kinds of services can give a competitive edge to a company and in this way enable it to differentiate from other competitors. At the moment most visible services for Nokia Oyj are music and games. Promotion for these services is usually done by adding different kind of printed materials, vouchers, into the mobile phone`s sales package. These vouchers promote the service, guide how to use it and enable customer to try the service for free. Customer can e.g. load some music from Internet or get a game to his/her phone. To be able to activate certain service customer needs to have an activation code and insert it to a right place. The activation code can be found from the printed voucher. The activation code is unique so every material has a different one and this code is added to the voucher material by an external supplier, the printing house. Materials that include unique activation code which needs to be printed separately are quite new for Nokia and for its external partners, the printing houses. Process how to handle these kinds of materials is also still quite unclear and has lots of open issues. Unexpected problems come up and different parties involved in this process lack general view for the whole process. The purpose for this thesis is to gather information from all the relevant parties involved to this process by doing interviews and questionnaires. With the gathered information the task was to create a clear understanding for the existing process and for problems we had at that time. The main aim was to try and solve prevailing issues with the help of all the people involved in this process. Other purpose was to get ideas and suggestions how to make the process clearer and more efficient in the future. Interviews were made with open questions to internal and external partners involved in this process. Interviews were made both face-to-face and via telephone. Questionnaires were done via e-mail.  Information from all the parties was feasible and it helped to create clear overview about the current situation and possible problems. Many vital suggestions and ideas were received and some have already been taken into use and also others are under investigation and creation. Process has become clearer and problems and issues have been decreased significantly already.
E-commerce solution : creating a shopping cart using open sources (APACHE/MYSQL/PHP)
Qt quality visualization
The codes of life : the rules of macroevolution
Realtime Web Analytics
Take your last breath
Algebraic and combinatorial methods for error-correcting codes with applications to fault-tolerant logic
Signal letter of British ships : for the use of ships at sea and signal stations for 1934.
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Mysterious messages : a history of codes and ciphers
The bar code book : comprehensive guide to reading, printing, specifying, and applying bar code and other machine-readable symbols
Scan me : everybody's guide to the magical world of QR codes : barcodes, mobile devices and hyperlinking the real to the virtual
Technical excellence in agile software projects
The power of three
The biggest book of youtube videos ever! : your guide to the coolest, craziest and funniest internet clips
ASP.NET : a beginnerś guide
CODES, CIPHERS AND SECRET WRITING
CDMA : principles of spread spectrum communication
Tiivistelmä: Smoke testing bench for freenest service.
Code reading : the open source perspective
Design and verification of a configurable virtual component generating waves and noise
Seizing the enigma : the race to break the German U-boat codes, 1939-1943
Investigation,Implementation and Installation of a Content  Management System : Focus on Drupal
Network Coding : fundamentals and applications
Upper-secondary school students' use of, motivations for and perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching in northern and southern Finland
An Example of a Synergistic Relationship Between Software Architecture and a Domain-Specific Language
This thesis was born out of the idea to make hydroponic food growing easier and cheaper, hydroponics is essentially the growing of plants without the use of soil. The idea of it being open source is also in keeping with the general community feeling surrounded by the hydroponic movement. The objective of the thesis was to create a working hydroponic controller, which is cheap and simple enough to build. It will monitor and control the key environmental ingredients needed for successful hydroponic growing, chiefly the pH, EC, air and water levels. Visual alarms will be raised if these go outside of predefined ranges. The controller will also be able to control external HW, such as lights, water heater and a water pump. A circuit board was developed, which will act as a shield for an Arduino 2560 board. The circuit board will help in the ease of building the system. It acts too, as a way of keeping the HW more stable, as wires will not come loose and interference will be minimised. The SW and HW design will be available for everyone to download. Knowledge of what is important in hydroponic growing was considered and these factors were used as inputs into driving the SW and HW requirements. UI usability studies were carried out to ensure that the controller would be enjoyable to use. Software design and software patterns were taken into use to make the SW more module and expandable. Investigation into any third party SW libraries was done and consideration into licensing was carried out. This thesis details the HW and SW and why certain design decisions were made. The design of the SW classes are also described as well as the overall functioning of the SW. An explanation of how to build the system is also given.
Semantic interoperability for IoT health systems using HL7 standard
The design and implementation of a hydroponics control system
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
Product development : user-centred product development and design in an industrial company
An example of a synergistic relationship between software architecture and a domain-specific language
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
"Hold on! Apua tulossa." : English practices among Finnish Twitter users
Identifying and locating-dominating codes in binary hamming spaces
Moving to ASP.NET : web development with VB .NET
Error-correcting codes : a mathematical introduction
The Templar legacy
The advent of open source democracy and wikipolitics : challenges, threats and opportunities for democratic discourse
Look into my eyes
Comparison and testing of 2 D readers
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
Catch your death
Traceability Project : Wärtsilä Connecting Rod Factory
Standard country or area codes for statistical use
Technical Excellence in Agile Software Projects
Automated data gathering for industrial production tracking
Gay semiotics
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Introduction to Error-Correcting Codes
Patterns of English-Finnish codeswitching in Finland and in the United States
The definitive guide to MongoDB : the noSQL database for cloud and desktop computing
Abstract: Developing M2M applications with Mango.
Video coding for wireless communication systems
Metalanguage and encoding scheme design for digital lexicography : innovative solutions for lexical entry design in slavic lexicography : MONDILEX third open workshop, Bratislava, Slovakia, 15-16 April, 2009 : proceedings
Individuals' use of e-mail communication genres in open source software community building
Unravelling enigma : winning the code war at Station X.
Link adaption tuning for AMR speech codec in a smart phone
Newton's fire
Mining creativity research to inform design rationale in open source communities
Owners' and captains' code
Open source software as a service : provision of open sourcesoftware components to web application developers
Decoded
A student's guide to coding and information theory
Convolutional coding : fundamentals and applications
Spherical code quantization in CELP speech coding
Payment, foreign currency and country codes
English elements in the spoken discourse of Finnish teenagers playing an English video game
Introduction to communication studies
El Making of ... Top Trendit! : Anglicisms in women's magazine advertising in Finland and Spain
Cultures in interaction : construction of ethnic identities in Amy Tan's "The bonesetter's daughter"
Testing and implementing wavelet data compression in wireless sensor system
The directory of signs & signals : a guide to signs, codes, and signals from across the world
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
Low complexity lattice codes for communication networks
Ted rules the world
Code-list P4 : marine benthic algae : version 86165-GUZ = Kodlista P4 : marina bentosalger : version 86165-GUZ
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
The limits of trust : cryptography, governments, and electronic commerce
The word at war : World War Two in 100 phrases
Secret warriors : key scientists, code breakers and propagandists of the Great War
The testament
Mathematical tools in a digital world
A firm's choice from different content management systems (CMS) : case: Joomla and CMSmadeSimple
Kwei's video codes for Chinese characters = Guishi hanzi xingsheng ma
The last templar
Information and documentation : codes for the representation of names of scripts = Information et documentation : codes pour la représentation des noms d'écritures
Finnish health care and social work students' perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching : a survey study
Content Management System Implementation Efficiency and Value
Blink and you die
Deploying an open source router : Quagga
Information technology - Automatic identification and data capture techniques - QR Code 2005 bar code symbology specification. : Technical corrigendum 1.
Dialog coding - function and grammar : Göteborg coding schemas
Elements of algebraic coding theory
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Utility of DNA barcodes in identification and delimitation of beetle species, with insights into COI protein structure across the animal kingdom
QR CODE GENERATION AND APPLICATION OF ANTI-FALSIFICATION
Attributions in action : a practical approach to coding qualitative data
Introduction to finite fields and their applications
Enigma : the battle for the code
Porting oc channel encoding functions of digital signal processing software
Worldwide geographic location codes
Food Scanner : barcode reader
The functions of teachers' language choice and code-switching in EFL classroom discourse
Applied coding and information theory for engineers : solutions manual
Network monitoring : using Nagios as an example tool
An EFL teacher's code-switching and language choice in primary school : a case study
Developing M2M applications with Mango
The sixth key
Developing voucher activation code process
Open source integration to mobile network
Emergent bilingual constructions : Finnish-Estonian codeswitching in interaction
Discrete mathematics : numbers and beyond
Reed-Solomon encoding and decoding : a visual representation
Automatic generation of test software from test specification
"Mä koitan olla kutsumatta niit infectedeiks koska anglismi" : code-switching in Finnish online gaming videos
Reciprocity under the GNU General Public licenses
On distributed storage codes
Orphan of the flames
Error-correcting codes : a first course
The Design and Implementation of a Hydroponics Control System
On estimating the covering radius with the aid of the dual distance
Design and verification of a correlation calculator for an IRM IP block
Techniques for low bit rate speech coding : speech modeling in WI and RCELP coders
Summary.
The Bar code book : a comprehensive guide to reading, printing, specifying, evaluating, and using bar code and other machine-readable symbols
Streamlining workflow in architectural  visualization with Blender and SketchUp
QR code as a channel tool : Value of the codes in information sharing
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
LLVM toolchain support as a plug-in for Eclipse CDT
The Hut Six story : breaking the Enigma codes
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
Competitive advantage from leveraging external resources : reuse of open source software components
Digital circuits. 1, Numbering systems, binary codes, logic gates, boolean algebra
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
Open source software law
The Da Vinci code
Configurable digital finite impulse response filter for low frequency signals
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
Interfacing I2C bus with Nios embedded processor
Information technology - Automatic identification and data capture techniques - QR Code 2005 bar code symbology specification
The Bletchley Park codebreakers
Integrating open source distributed rendering solutions in public and closed networking environments
Efficient use of teaching technologies with programming education
Cracking the Bible code : [the real story of the stunning discovery of hidden knowledge in the first five books of the Bible]
Smoke testing bench for freenest service
Beginning ASP.NET 4 : in C# and VB
A first course in coding theory
The development of language-mixing through different activities in bilingual first language acquisition
