http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9349 loaders (conveyors)
loaders (conveyors)
Modern diesel technology : heavy equipment systems
Transloading technology suits India's booming bulk markets
Expansion supports locally based global service
Dry bulk cargo handling techniques
Purpose of this master's thesis was to discover and identify key points how underground loader operator environments could be improved. New definition for pleasurable cabin was created during the discovery phase of this study. This new definition introduces main features that are affecting to cabin pleasurability and it was used as a basis when key areas for further research were selected. While selecting the key areas for further research recent and ongoing projects were observed to avoid overlapping. Chosen key areas were ergonomics, ISE (Interior Space Envelope) and visibility from physical features and cognitive features as a whole. Also issues related to operator environment safety and quality together with issues affecting to operator health were studied. Because of the wide scope the underground loader LH517 was chosen to be used as example in this study. Key improvement areas found from this type of machine can be applied to other loader types as well. In this master's thesis ergonomics was noticed in its whole meaning. This means that the whole work system which consists of the human, work task, work tools, operating environment and work process were analyzed. In the work was noticed that it is possible to improve the total productivity by developing the ergonomics and usability of the operator compartment which then improves competitiveness in the market. A new definition about key areas affecting to operator productivity was created in this master's thesis. Literature related to ergonomics, usability and safety were widely studied to create a holistic view to these matters. Also an ergonomics and usability study for LH517 cabin was performed by an external partner as a part of this master's thesis. As for the end of this thesis there are some thoughts about how safety and total productivity could be improved even more in the future. With the help of techniques presented in this master's thesis it is also
C beyond : Cargotec's personnel magazine
Ergonomics and usability improvement of underground loader cabin
Automation and mechanisation of cargo handling activities in Finnish ports and cargo vessels
An illustrated history of cranes
Modernisation makes the most of proven technology
Making the most of shipboard automation
The objective of this Bachelor's thesis was to improve the sealing ability and lifespan of an underground Load Haul Dump vehicle cabin door seal. The current seal design is subject to wear and tear caused by the operator's equipment as well as environmental factors that reduce the lifespan of the seal. The goal was to minimize and remove these factors to increase the lifespan of the seal and to introduce new solutions and improved concepts for the client. The first section of the theoretical part discusses some aspects of the mining environment that have impact on the seal design and introduces the requirements set for the sealing by the environment. This section also explains some of the major causes that lead to sealing failures as well as important safety aspects, concerning the cabin enclosure and door seal design. The second section of the theoretical part covers the fundamentals of sealing and ways profile size, mass and shape affect bending radius and sealing ability. This section also covers the different material options chosen for this particular application. The last chapter of the theoretical part presents the most important material properties and a comparison between the different materials is made. The practical part of the thesis discusses the design process in more detail. Considerations on how to improve the current design and elongate the lifespan of the seal are presented. Production and manufacturing cost considerations are also included as well as the introduction of different methods, designed to protect the seal from abrasion, tearing and deformations.The final section of the practical part introduces and compares the attachment methods and sealing profile concepts, designed especially for the application. The concepts were compared to each other using a comparison table. Crown and triangle profiles got the highest overall rating in the comparison, while the solid profile concept got the lowest rating. There was very little differences in the profiles with the highest rating but finally, the triangle profile was chosen over the crown profile for its better shape properties and. The direct clamp attachment method was chosen as the most suitable of the methods because of the ease of attaching and replacing, compared to the other methods. Material choice was left open at this point because materials used by different manufacturers may, at first look, appear to be identical and still have very different properties.
Improving the lifespan of an underground loader cabin door seal
possible to ensure better user experience and have better motivated and more loyal operators. Definitions for pleasurable cabin and operator productivity that were created in this master's thesis are purposed to be further developed since the basic frames are now in place. The key improvement areas that were discovered and identified in this study will be developed in upcoming R&D projects.
A year of innovation
Properly handled equipment is safer and more efficient
Automation and mechanisation of cargo handling in Finnish ports and ships
Design manual on basic wood harvesting technology
