http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9345 vehicles
vehicles
Intelligent vehicular networks and communications : fundamentals, architectures and solutions
Road vehicles : test of vehicle air braking systems with a pemissible mass of over 3,5 t : acquisition and use of reference values using a roller brake tester
Measuring Distraction at the Levels of Tactical and Strategic Control: The Limits of Capacity-Based Measures for Revealing Unsafe Visual Sampling Models
1989 SAE Handbook. Volume 3, Engines, Fuels, Lubricants, Emissions, and Noise
Developments and challenges for autonomous unmanned vehicles : a compendium
The elegant carriage
Bizarre cars : the strangest vehicles of all time
Mighty cars
Things that go
Analysis of Parabolic Leaf Spring Failure
Handbook of automotive powertrain and chassis design
Driveline systems of ground vehicles : theory and design
Shop manual for manual transmissions and transaxles
Modern diesel technology : heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration
Automotive Technology A Systems Approach
Unmanned Aircraft Systems : UAVS design, development and deployment
Shop manual for automotive electricity and electronics
Off-road : high performance handbook
The Mercedes-Benz SL-Class
Jane's military vehicles and logistics. 2008-2009
Classic jeeps : the jeep from World War II to the present day
Classics monthly : e-lehti
Terramechanics : land locomotion mechanics
Automotive electrics and electronics
Abstract: The purpose of the project was to implement an embedded system networking and vehicle information display. This was realized by the use of the Controller Area Network (CAN) as the protocol and the front end software Centrafuse for the display. There are many hardware implementation of CAN, the implementation used for the design was the Microchip PIC32MX795F512L microcontroller which has the CAN controller module integrated on it. The transceiver was the Microchip MCP25515 and the dongle was the CAN232 from Lawicel. My task in the project which was the display of vehicle information has been completed and tested using a simulation program. The result was the display of information identical to the stimuli. The other part, the implementation of embedded system networking is still in progress. When the entire project is completed, the design can be modified to be used in other application areas such as elevators and heaters.
A Fuel Cell Application and Beijing Air Pollution Control
Dry clutch control for automotive applications
Advanced hybrid vehicle powertrain technology
Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure : Global Analysis of EVCSs and their Power Source
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2000
The bus is for us!
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
Beep Beep Brrrm! : George's noisy vehicle book
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Engines and powertrains
Preliminary thermodynamic design of a stirling cooler for mobile air conditioning systems : Technical report
Commercial vehicles : location of electrical and pneumatic connections between towing vehicles and trailers = Véhicules utilitaires : emplacement des connexions électriques et pneumatiques entre véhicules tracteurs et véhicules remorqués
Utility vehicle design handbook. AE-16
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Classroom manual for manual transmissions and transaxles
Sentury II
Advanced Direct Injection Combustion Engine technologies and development . Volume 1, Gasoline and gas engines
Tractors
Fair and intelligent transport : working group final report
Aerodynamics of heavy vehicles : trucks, buses, and trains
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Big digger ABC : an awesome A to Z of vehicle verse
Planes, trains and automobiles : a visual history of modern transport featuring 100 iconic designs
Traffic flow on two-lane highways : an overview
Beep beep beep time for sleep!
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
French electrical vehicle market
Automotive technology : tech manual to accompany : a systems approach
Vehicular-2-X communication : state-of-the-art and research in mobile vehicular ad hoc networks
Vehicle crash mechanics
Automotive paints and coatings
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
In-use vehicle emissions control in Finland: introduction and practical experience
Lets talk about vehicles
Richard Scarry's hop aboard! Here we go!
Implementation of an embedded system and vehicle information display
Emergency vehicles
Land Rover : the story of the car that conquered the world
Fundamentals of motor vehicle technology
Rapid transit series buses : general motors and beyond
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Road vehicles - caravans and light trailers - towing brackets and coupling balls - strength test = Véhicules routiers - caravanes et remorques légères - attelages à boule - essais de résistance
Gasoline volatility and ethanol effects on hot and cold weather driveability of modern european vehicles
Fuel cells for automotive applications
Classroom manual for automotive electricity and electronics
On the move
Computerized engine controls
Automotive custom interiors
Materials, design and manufacturing for lightweight vehicles
Crashworthiness of composite thin-walled structural components
Old Macdonald's things that go
Advanced engine performance diagnosis
Automotive engineering
Controlling 12 V actuators in the vehicle's 42 V system
Low voltage primary cable
Kids meet the tractors and trucks
The Off-road vehicle : volume 1.
The big noisy book of things that go
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Overview and viewpoints
Road and off-road vehicle system dynamics handbook
Transformers rescue bots : storybook
Repair of vehicle bodies
Modern car technology
Automotive electricity and electronics
GNSS for vehicle control
The analysis of commercial vehicle structures
Fuel cell energy source for electric vehicle applications
Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Fuel Cell Hybrid EVs
Giant vehicles
Hydraulics : theory and applications
Intelligent vehicle technologies : theory and applications
As quintessentially British as a plate of fish and chips or a British Bulldog, the boxy, utilitarian Land Rover Defender has become an iconic part of what it is to be British.
Throat Size Optimization for a Welded Boom Base
Low voltage battery cable
Road vehicle dynamics : problems and solutions
Gas turbine propulsion systems
Road vehicle aerodynamic design : an introduction
The car design yearbook 7 : the definitive annual guide to all new concept and production cars worldwide
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Field weakening, parameters and operation range of the permanent magnet traction motors
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
ConceptCar-project: Experimental Polypropylene-Biofiber Composite Components
Advanced direct injection combustion engine technologies and development. Vol. 2, Diesel engines
Fuel cell technology for vehicles
High voltage automotive wiring assembly design
Classification of energy conserving engine oil for passanger cars, vans, sport utility vehicles, and light-duty trucks
Four wheel drive : off road, off limits
Volatility and vehicle driveability performance of ethanol/gasoline blends: a literature review
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Compression ignition combustion and in-cylinder diesel particulates and NOx control
Road vehicles : measurement of road surface friction
199 things that go
Integrated automotive control systems : integrated control of active steering and electronic differentials in four wheel drive and steering vehicles
Three wheelers
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Batteries
My little book of rescue vehicles
On the road
Non-smooth problems in vehicle systems dynamics : Proceedings of the Euromech 500 colloquium
On wheels
Fuel cell power for transportation 2002.
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
Tune to win : the art and science of race car development and tuning
Vehicle dynamics and simulation 2002.
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
1. Development ooof the Toyota mild-hybrid system (THS-M)   2. Development   of a hybrid powertrain system using CVT in a minivan   3. Highly efficient   hybrid minivan with super low emissions   4. Revisions  on the model of Toyota Prius in ADVISOR 3.1 / Wanng, Weihua   5. A mild hybrid drive train for 42 V automotiive power system-design, control and simulation / Gao, Yimin   6. Study of hybrid electric vehicle  drive train dynamics using gyrator-based equivalent ciruit modeling / Routex, Jean Yves   7. High fuel economy CIDI engine for GM PNGV program   8. Development of a hydrogen engine for a hybrid electric bus   9. Engine starting system development by belt drive machanism   10. 300 kW switched reluctance generator for hybrid vehicle applications   11. Axial flux variable   gab  motor : application in vehicle systems   12. Impact study ooof field-weakening operation of electric motors on drive train oscillations / Routex, Jean Yves   13. A new battery system for the estima hybrid minivan.
Guidance on ROV operations
Plugs, socket-outlets, vehicle connectors and vehicle inlets - Conductive charging of electric vehicles. Part 3
Motor automotive technology
The sports car & kit car suspension & brakes high-performance manual : How to Build and Modify : applies to all factory sports cars, home-built specials & kit cars with wishbone front suspension, coil springs, telescopic shock absorbers, & wishbone or trailing arm independent or live axle rear suspension
Preliminary thermodynamic design of a stirling cooler for mobile air conditioning systems : technical report
Takalaitanostimet = Tail lifts : ajoneuvoihin asennettavat nostotasot = platform lifts for mounting on wheeled vehicles : turvallisuusvaatimukset = safety requirements. Osa 1 = Part 1, Tavaroiden nostoon käytettävät takalaitanostimet = Tail lifts for goods
On the go
The role of the chemist in automotive design
Motion planner for skid-steer unmanned ground vehicle
Jeep : Mechanical mule to people's plaything
Heavy vehicle systems
Hitting the brakes : engineering design and the production of knowledge
Vehicle handling dynamics
Autonomous ground vehicles
Electronic engine controls 2002 : electronics and information gathering
Evga state of art study : electric vehicles testing, cold conditions operability and requirements/needs
Automotive development processes : processes for successful customer oriented vehicle development
Intelligent vehicles & transportation systems
New Commuting Experience
Terramechanics and off-road vehicles
Carriers and coachmasters : trade and travel before the turpikes
Modern diesel technology : electronic diesel engine diagnosis
Lithium ion rechargeable batteries : materials, technology, and applications
Moottoriajoneuvot 2006 = Motorfordon 2006 = Motor vehicles in Finland 2006.
1999 SAE handbook : standards development program
50 fantasy vehicles to draw and paint : create awe-inspiring crafts for comics, computer games, and graphic novels
My big truck book
Choo choo clickety-clack!
Run your diesel vehicle on biofuels : a do-it-yourself guide
Classic miniature vehicles : Northern Europe
