http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9341 tourism businesses
tourism businesses
Benchmarking in tourism and hospitality industries : the selection of benchmarking partners
Tourism in the age of alliances, mergers and acquisitions
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Creating a website for Korean tourists
Open tourism : open innovation, crowdsourcing and collaborative consumption challenging the tourism industry
The Management of Small Tourism and Hospitality Firms
Developments and challenges faced by Internet marketing
Public-private sector cooperation : enhancing tourism competitiveness
Unexpected Generation Change Influencing the Change in Management Style Case Ränssin Kievari
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Planning and development of tourism and hospitality
Hotel developments do not possess such a large scale of familiarity within the Finnish hospitality business. There might be interests for the matter by small hospitality developers and entrepreneurs, but the required large amount of capital, involved high risks, and existing major hotel developers and operators that are dominating Finnish hotel markets are restricting and diminishing the opportunities for new hotel developments. As a result, there is no demand for hotel feasibility studies that are exploring the market, financial and investment feasibility of the hotel development. Consequently, feasibility studies have not become familiar within the hospitality business. Neither has even a pre- feasibility study that represents the curtailed version of the feasibility study.    The primary objective of this study is to investigate the financial and investment feasibility of a hotel development for Rutumi Manor. Primary objective derive from the reason that the hotel development is not planned to be executed in near future and therefore in depth market analysis would not be necessary yet, rather the amount of investment required. The secondary objective is to superficially explore the local market feasibility for Rutumi Manor hotel development. There is a proposed property where the hotel development is planned to take place. Rutumi Manor is a conference and events company in Lapinjärvi, which has been operating since 2001. Rutumi Manor organizes all the functions at their own completely renovated premises, which has history of over 200 years.    Thesis is a product- based thesis combined with a short quantitative research on competitors' performance. Thesis starts with the theoretical framework that includes clarification of the hotel development concept and the feasibility study concept. Theoretical framework is followed by the process of the project, Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development. Lastly, the Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development project is introduced with necessary calculation tables.    The primary objective of the study was achieved with positive and negative financial and investment feasibility results. Also, the secondary objective, curtailed market analysis, was achieved with positive results of the potential market demand. In addition, developed excel tables will enable the update of the financial and investment calculations, when the Rutumi Manor hotel development will be executed.
Experience design management as creation of identity economies : reflections from periphery on entrepreneurial designs in tourism
Product development based on the weak signals : travel agency MatkaVekka
New product development in tourism companies : case studies on nature-based activity operators
Environmental Management in Finnish tourism companies
Managing tourism destinations
The complete 21st century travel & hospitality : marketing handbook
Utilizing Social Media in a Tourism Company
Business-To-Customer Relationship Marketing for Travel Industry : The role of commitment
The family business in tourism and hospitality
Utilizing social media in a tourism company
Routledge handbook of tourism research
The main objective of this study was to get an overview of the challenges faced by travel-related companies in integrating the Internet with their existing marketing methods. Addi-tional aims included the strategies used in Internet-based marketing communications and the strengths and weaknesses of these communication tools. The study set out to answer the following three questions: What are the biggest challenges of marketing communication on the Internet? What are the most important Internet-based marketing communication methods?  What are the advantages and disadvantages of using the Internet as a marketing communications channel? The key concepts forming the basis for the digital economy, digital marketing and Internet-based marketing communications are reviewed. Qualitative research methods were employed, and interviews were used to collect the data. Four large- to middle-size travel related companies were included. The data analysis employed descriptive methods. Participating companies was sought in February 2009, with the data collected during March and April 2009.     The study shows that travel-related companies successfully employ well-established methods of Internet-based marketing communications. Considerable breath and depth of expertise in tackling the challenges posed by the new and constantly evolving forms of marketing communications was revealed. Some companies clearly appear to be making headway - even judging by the present-day international standards - into new ways of utilising Internet-based technologies in marketing communications.
Successful Web marketing for the tourism and leisure sectors
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Critical analysis of Travel Companies in St.Petersburg : marketing of the Tahko Holiday Resort
Challenging customer service situations in small tourism businesses in Northern Finland
Destination Denmark : the role of the Finnish tour operators and its influence on Danish inbound tourism
Managing tourism firms
The internationalisation of location-bound service SMEs : resources and networks in Finnish tourism companies
The future of small and mediumsized enterprises in european tourism faced with globalization : Budapest, Hungary 23 and 24 May 2001 = Avenir des petites et moyennes entreprises du tourisme européen face a ̀la mondialisation : Budapest, Hongrie 23 et 24 mai 2001.
Destinations as tourism products : marketing of Finland in Spain
Structure, performance and competitiveness of European tourism and its enterprises
The new agritourism : hosting community and tourists on your farm
Tourism management : managing for change
Introduction to hospitality
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Image of an upcoming Indian tourism company
Tourism enterprise : developments, management and sustainability
Exotic retreats : eco resort design from barefoot sophistication to luxury pad
Corporate travelling abroad : case: upmarket food and wine culture trips
The economic interaction between tourists and tourism enterprises
Tourism sector : the development of SME business in Northern Russia = Sektor turizma : razvitie malogo i srednego biznesa na Severe Rossii
The overall objective of this project-based thesis is to create an e-marketing website (the marketing side of e-commerce for the new company Helsinkitour.com.  Helsinkitour.com is aimed at the budget traveller and offers quality guided tours of Helsinki's most interesting sights and attractions by public transport. Although the website could be expanded in the future for multiple markets, this project is focused upon the Korean market. The website can be used to book these tours as well as research general city information such as accommodation, places to eat and drink.   The purpose this project is to understand the various aspects of involved in producing a commercial website for this company.   The objective of this project-based thesis is to learn a more theoretical insight into e-commerce, e-marketing and website design that will provide the practical project with an academic background and allow the author to make informed decisions regarding the design and construction of the website www.helsinkitour.com.  The completion of the www.Helsinkitour.com website was achieved through the employment of a systematic, logical and appropriate approach as evidenced in the empirical work.
Entrepreneurial activity adjacent to small national parks in Southern Finland : are business opportunities being realised?
E-business for tourism : practical guidelines for tourism destinations and businesses
Practical training report ; The Finnish economy ; Survey of the Finnish-Soviet trade
A shared information system for tourism enterprises in developing economies
Tourism and entrepreneurship : international perspectives
The tourism-development nexus in Namibia : a study on national tourism policy and local tourism enterprises policy knowledge
Good customer service is vital for small tourism businesses. Customer service should aim at providing customers satisfying experiences, as satisfied customers are likely to associate with the company in the future; they are the foundation of all business. Small tourism businesses have a benefit over the large ones, as it is easier for smaller companies to respond to the individual clients' and varying customer groups' wishes and demands than it is for larger companies.    Challenging customer service situations are met in all industries. There is some general guidance on how to deal with these situations; listening, asking defining questions and showing concern towards the customer. The use of body language and reading the silent messages that the customer is giving out are also important. Good customer service person will already have excellent social skills, but these skills can also be learned or gained through work or training. No customer should leave the business dissatisfied; even if the customer is acting threateningly or is wrong.    The assignment for the thesis was set by the Tourism Team group, which operates under the Rural Police Committee. Eight small tourism businesses in Oulu area took part in the study that was conducted by themed interviews. The study findings mostly agree with the theory; this was not surprising as challenging customer service situations are a fairly widely studied topic in customer service literature.    As a result of the study, 10 cases of challenging customer service situations in small tourism businesses were produced; they will be used at the Service with a heart -trainings, which are run by the Tourism Theme group.
Destination branding : creating the unique destination proposition
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
To enlarge the travel markets From Shanghai and Turku (Shanghai CITS, Ltd.)
The travel agent : dealer in dreams
Towards sustainable tourism in Finland : the results of an eco audit experiment in ten tourist enterprises and suggestions for further measures
Rutumi Manor pre-feasibility study for hotel development
The idea for this study came from the business development manager of the company. As the company wanted the results of this study to be classified the name of the company will not be mentioned in this paper. Background information of the company will also be not mentioned.  Untill now the company does not have up- to-date information of the customers which is a key element for marketing strategy. As the business for the company is growing it has become critical for the marketers to know who they are targeting and advertising in the future. These are the reasons for this study to be done.  The theoretical part of the study concentrates on customer motivational factors, consumer behavioural models and factors concerning consumer research. After that comes the results of customer database analysis. In the final discussion the results are evaluated.  The information used in analyzing the data base was given by the business developer of the company. The analysing process was completed in step by step as the information was not gathered in bulk. The information was collected from the company's CRM and back office system. It concentrates on year 2005 from January to October.
Social media perceptions on Finnish tourism sector
Summary.
Climate change awareness and adaptation in nature-based winter tourism : regional and operational vulnerabilities in Finland
Internationalisation of small and medium sized enterprises in the tourism industry : towards a resource based view of location bound companies
Ecotourism programme planning
Tourism and innovation
The Wiley Blackwell companion to tourism
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Responsible tourism : concepts, theory and practice
Tools to identify and integrate processes and information flows in tourism SME supply networks
Introduction to commercial recreation and tourism : an entrepreneurial approach
Building successful cross-border cooperation : case: trust building in the relationship between Finland-based company TMI New Media Professional IC and the Russian company Sweet-Tour Ltd
Consumer behaviour in travel industry : an analysis of consumer database
Tourism in the North and Sami culture
E-marketing Analysis with Web-Page Focus. Case: Tour Organizer X
Marketing for small tourism enterprises : case study Kinnalan Koukku
Identity economy : reflections from periphery of entrepreneurial design in tourism
Finnish summary.
The aim of my thesis is to create two separate travel packages to Morocco for travel agency Aventura Latina Ltd in Helsinki Finland. The target group for both of these tours is Finnish travelers whom wish to experience both culture and relaxation on their holiday. This thesis is a product-based work and the result is two separate tour descriptions. The thesis is built on the theories where different travel product types, sustainable tourism and quality control in a developing country such as Morocco are discussed based on the relevant literature. The product aims to adhere to and implement these theories in the product development. The theory discusses the characteristics of product types and product planning. Other theories in this thesis discuss sustainable tourism in the travel industry, the global sustainability criteria for tourism and the benefits of sustainable tourism for tourism business and the industry as a whole. Furthermore strategies for quality improvement in developing countries such as Morocco and the development of indigenous capabilities are examined. The results of the thesis work and the products are two different travel descriptions with two different accommodation options to Morocco. The tours can be found on Aventura Latina s internet site and as attachments in this thesis. Hence the products are suitable for the destination selection and meet the quality and sustainability criteria Aventura Latina Ltd have se to their products.  However, as demonstrated in the thesis theory part examining Morocco s current political, economical and social situation, it can be concluded the tours planned  for Morocco will find bigger customer segment in the future of tourism, when the political situation in Morocco will be more stable.
Seasonality in the food and beverage service industry - a challenge for product development in small-sized businesses : case of Cafe im Goebenhaus, Stade, Germany
Substituting Travelling By Virtual Meetings in the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yleisradio Oy (YLE)
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Values in Schwartz Value Theory : Case: Botnia Events
Small firms in tourism : international perspectives
The use of English in rural tourism in eastern Finland : a needs analysis
Nature-based tourism, outdoor recreation and adaptation to climate change
Development of tourism at Pohtimolampi
Navigate the net : a comprehensive learning experience for travel professionals
Entrepreneurs' perceptions of strategy and success in small firms of the tourism and hospitality industry
Corporate rivalry and market power : competition issues in the tourism industry
Customer Relationship Management in a Tourism Company
Corporate strategy for tourism
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
Ecotourism : principles, practices and policies for sustainability
Tourism resources in eastern Europe : Poland Hungary Czechoslovakia Yugoslavia Bulgaria
Marketing of adventure and nature tourism : a case study of Shambala Trekking Agency in Nepal
Business Tourism Potentiality of Kristiinankaupunki
Service quality at Welcome Apartments
Sustainable tourism in enterprises, parks and protected areas : protected area visitors' views on sustainable tourism approaches
New Product Development in Spiritual Tourism
Voluntary initiatives for sustainable tourism
Entrepreneurship & small business management in the hospitality industry
Network analysis and tourism : from theory to practice
Analysing and developing corporate social responsibility in Merlin Entertainments Group and the Sea Life aquariums
Tourism SMEs, service quality, and destination competitiveness
Developing two new tours to Morocco under "Uniikki" label
The tourism-development nexus in Namibia : a study on national tourism policy and local tourism enterprises' policy knowledge
How the hotel and tourism industry can protect the ozone layer
Steps to success : global good practices in tourism human resources
Do tourism firms with female CEOs hold higher levels of cash?
The aim of this thesis was to find out whether companies organize trips and meetings mainly abroad for their customers or personnel, for promoting sales or launching new products.  In addition to this the aim of the thesis was to find out how often the trips and meetings are organised and what criteria companies use when choosing the destination and the travel organizer and whether they organize any other program during the trips or meetings.   The research was conducted as a structured interview. The companies were chosen from the Helsinki Stock Exchange Main List and altogether fifteen companies were interviewed. Out of the fifteen companies three chose to answer by e-mail and one interview was conducted over the phone. All the other interviews were conducted by the researcher personally.  As a result from the interviews it can be said that all of the companies interviewed do organize trips and meetings to a certain extend.  Further the results indicate that companies do not organize trips and meetings abroad very often and when they do they should be as short as possible. Companies also try to avoid any unnecessary business trips and try and use for example teleconferencing if possible.   The companies included in this research are not totally against the idea of a wine and food culture trip. However the trip cannot be only pleasure but it has to include an official part as well.
