http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9342 meaning of life
meaning of life
Cernoe Solnce Kogelet = The black sun of Koheleth
The tragic muse
The experience of nothingness
Confessions of an antinatalist
Education and the meaning of life
Living with time to think : the goddaughter letters : because they can think for themselves
Meaning in life : an analytic study
That's why!
The loop
Commitment
Young, gifted and spiritual - the case of Finnish sixth-grade pupils
"n an equinox, day is as long as night, as if the world found perfect equilibrium between shadow and light, a fleeting equilibrium, similar to the stakes of our human destinies. Segmented into four tableaux for four seasons, unrelated people of all social backgrounds seeking equilibrium cross paths with other solitudes, weaving in and out of one another's lives- all captivated and tormented by the enigmatic meaning of life." / WorldCat.
Sense and delusion
Life is a mixture of good and bad, or so they say. Trouble is, there's no way to determine where a particular life might fall along fortune's spectrum. For every child born into the lap of luxury, there's another born on the point of a knife. There are no guarantees as to what may transpire as the immediate present unfolds into the uncertain future. Things change in an instant. Two things, however, are certain. Everyone will suffer. And everyone will die. Back to where we came from. Knowing this, and understanding full well that any particular life embodies the potential for experiencing extreme pain and unhappiness unceasing in some cases is procreation really worth the risk? Jim Crawford doesn’t believe it is. In Confessions of an Antinatalist, Crawford reflects on what it means to exist in the belly of a ravening serpent-life whose only prey is itself, and whose teeth are very, very sharp. Jim Crawford writes engagingly, persuasively, and (despite the grim topic) humorously. I hope that Confessions of an Antinatalist will enjoy the wide readership it deserves. –David Benatar, author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence Even if one loathes the idea of antinatalism on its face, the questions that Crawford raises are such that everyone would be well advised to confront, for someday they may be called upon by their offspring to answer them. And Confessions of an Antinatalist dares them to come up with answers they can stand by in good conscience. –Thomas Ligotti, author of The Conspiracy against the Human Race Jim Crawford wishes he'd never been born. If that makes him sound like a bitter, angry misanthrope, he's not (at least, not all the time). Confessions of an Antinatalist is a wry, honest, and open-eyed introduction to a philosophy most people simply refuse to consider. After all, what could be wrong with human existence? Crawford answers clearly: Everything.
The Purpose driven life : what an earth am I here for?
One : the movie : a contemporary journey toward a timeless destiny
The intensification of interest in Deleuze over the last decade has coincided with the end of the linguistic paradigm in both continental and analytic philosophy. Indeed, the division between the two traditions appears to be closing and the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze seems to be crucial to this convergence, as he is both indebted to the phenomenological tradition at the same time as he operates with concepts drawn from the sciences. Claire Colebrook explores these ideas and offers a new and alternative assessment of Deleuze's contribution to philosophy. She argues that while Deleuze does draw upon sciences that explain the emergence of language, art and philosophy, his own thought is distinguished by a discontinuist thesis: systems may emerge from tendencies of life but always have the capacity to operate without reference to their original aim. Colebrook makes new claims regarding how Deleuze's philosophy might be used to read contemporary art and thus offers an original and crucial contribution to the Deleuzian debate.
Gifts from Eykis : a journey of self discovery
Destiny, Freedom, and the soul : What is the meaning of life
Eight theories of ethics
Hector finds time
Hector & the secrets of love
Happiness : a guide to developing life's most important skill
Destiny, freedom, and the soul : what is the meaning of life?
The happiness of pursuit : finding the quest that will bring purpose to your life
Meaning in life : the creation of value
Mitä me oikeastaan tiedämme?! : What the bleep do we (k)now?!
Man's search for meaning
Looking in the distance : the human search for meaning
What do we really know? : the big questions of philosophy
"A powerful message to help women break free from comparison and competition, embrace God's purpose, and realize a life without rival"--Publisher's description.
Meanings of life
On the meaning of life
Why, oh why, my God? : meditations on Christian faith and the meaning of life
Power, intimacy and the life story : personological inquiries into identity
The search for meaning
Monthy Python's The meaning of life : 30th anniversary edition
Questions for the Dalai Lama : answers on love, success, happiness & the meaning of life
Happiness, well-being and the meaning of life : a dialogue of social science and religion
Making things better : a novel
How the mind works : [with a new foreword]
The rise of Endymion
The meaning of life : a multifaith consultation : Mauritius 25 January - 3 February 1983
Meaning in life and why it matters
The grasshopper : games, life and utopia
A brief history of thought : a philosophical guide to living
Restless : because you were made for more
The origins and purpose of life : Studia Generalia lectures given on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the University of Oulu, April 8th to May 24th, 1983, Oulu, Finland
A life at work : the joy of discovering what you were born to do
Love and other near death experiences
Lucid living : life is a dream and you can wake up
Philosophy in a meaningless life : a system of nihilism, consciousness and reality
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
What's it all about? : philosophy and the meaning of life
Man's search for meaning : an introduction to logotherapy
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
The meaning of life : insights of the world's great thinkers
Becoming Bamboo : Western and Eastern explorations of the meaning of life
About Grace
Narrative, transcendence & meaning : an essay on the question about the meaning of life
The light & the dark
The purpose driven life : what on earth am i here for?
Zero times infinity
The monk who sold his Ferrari : a spiritual fable about fulfilling your dreams and reaching your destiny
Kafka on the shore
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
The importance of purpose for positive youth development
The book of Mirdad : the strange story of a monastery which was once called the Ark
An Essential Title on Meaning and the Lifecourse
The three Insights : don't look for happiness, look for purpose
Lifetime : the amazing numbers in animal lives
That they may face the rising sun
The sirens of Titan
The beginning and the end : the meaning of life in a cosmological perspective
The five people you meet in heaven
What the bleep do we (k)now!? : discovering the endless possibilities for altering your everyday reality
The secret : unlocking the source of joy & fulfillment : the most powerful teaching of the world's oldest spiritual wisdom
The brain and the meaning of life
The meaning of things : applying philosophy to life
The search for authenticity : an existential-analytic approach to psychotherapy
The myth of Sisyphus
The next big thing
A significant life : human meaning in a silent universe
... to be continued ... : reincarnation & the purpose of our lives
The wheel of life : a memoir of living and dying
What is the meaning of human life
Happiness is overrated
The zero theorem
A new earth : create a better life
The human quest for meaning : theories, research, and applications
The rainbow and the worm : the physics of organisms
Meaning in life. Vol. 1, The creation of value
Deleuze and the meaning of life
Quantum evolution : life in the multiverse
Without rival : embrace your identity and purpose in an age of confusion and comparison
Religion and the implications of radical life extension
Existential questions in early youth and adolescence
The passions : emotions and the meaning of life
The inspirational atheist : wise words on the wonder and meaning of life
Beyond finitude : God's transcendence and the meaning of life
