http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9351 mathematical talent
mathematical talent
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
The one plus one
Feisty females : inspiring girls to think mathematically
The psychology of mathematical abilities in schoolchildren
Investigating the influence of attribution styles of the development of mathematical talent
Struck by genius : how a brain injury made me a mathematical marvel
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
Trade and employment in developing countries. 1, Individual studies
Handbook of psychoeducational assessment : ability, achievements, and behavior in children
Common threads : women, mathematics and work
The number sense : how the mind creates mathematics
Individual differences in arithmetic : implications for psychology, neuroscience and education
Mathematical skills in ninth-graders : relationship with visuo-spatial abilites and working memory
The elements of creativity and giftedness in mathematics
Children's mathematical development : research and practical applications
The math gene : how mathematical thinking evolved and why numbers are like gossip
Genius, creativity, and leadership : historiometric inquiries
Frames of mind : the theory of multiple intelligences
Teaching mathematics 7-13 : slow learning and able pupils
Assessing higher order thinking in mathematics
Assessing mathematical attainment
The Indian clerk : a novel
The effects of the Let's Think! intervention programme on children's early mathematical knowledge
Good Will Hunting
The curious incident of the dog in the night-time
The Indian clerk
Dude, can you count? : stories, challenges, and adventures in mathematics
How the gifted brain learns
Cross-cultural predictors of mathematical talent and academic productivity
This book examines the mathematical difficulties in typical and atypical populations. It discusses the behavioral, educational and neuropsychological characteristics of people with mathematical difficulties, and educational interventions to prevent, diagnose, treat or ameliorate such difficulties. The book brings together studies from different disciplines, including developmental psychology, neuroscience and education, and includes perspectives from practicing teachers. The book is divided into three major sections. The first includes chapters about the nature and characteristics of mathematical difficulties in the population as a whole, in relation to both psychology and education. The second deals with mathematical difficulties in children with other problems such as specific language impairment and dyslexia. The third discusses methods of interventions aimed at preventing, treating or ameliorating mathematical difficulties, and will include discussions of assessment and diagnosis.
Teaching number sense
Mathematical difficulties : psychology and intervention
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity and early mathematical skills in young children
Windows of opportunity : mathematics for students with special needs
The little Einsteins : a comparative study of students' mathematical self-concept in China and Finland
Masculinities in mathematics
Gender differences in mathematics : an integrative psychological approach
Handbook of mathematical cognition
The development of mathematical skills
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Developing math talent : a guide for educating gifted and advanced learners in math
School tracking and development of cognitive skills
Developing mathematically promising students
How good is your IQ?
Reclaiming cognition : the primacy of action, intention and emotion
Abstract (1 s.).
Calculation and language : diagnostic and intervention studies
Creativity in mathematics and the education of gifted students
Assessing children's mathematical knowledge : social class, sex and problem-solving
Will Hunting : limited collector's edition
Mathematics is still the quintessential male subject; throughout the world it is women who underachieve in it. And needlework still defines femininity; it is mostly women who do needlework of all kinds. Yet it is often a highly mathematical activity - activity which goes uncredited because it is done by women. Common Threads traces how, when national education systems were initially set up, school mathematics and needlework came to mark systematic differences between boys' and girls' education, and reveals the lasting influence in differentiated expectations for boys and girls all over the world. The book explores the mathematical content of a variety of textile activities worldwide and shows how these can be used in the teaching of mathematics where expectations are low or where curricula are gendered or culturally irrelevant. It suggests how women could gain greater economic independence if the mathematics skills they acquire while learning textile crafts were formally accredited. This book has implications for needleworkers and for all involved in mathematics education, the education of girls and women, ethno-mathematics and development education. Its content impacts upon research and education policy and on adult education worldwide.
The nature of mathematical thinking
Actualizing mathematical giftedness in adulthood
