http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9357 Italians
Italians
The collaborator
Italian Americans
" Most people outside Italy know Pier Paolo Pasolini for his films, many of which began as literary works—Arabian Nights, The Gospel According to Matthew, The Decameron, and The Canterbury Tales among them. What most people are not aware of is that he was primarily a poet, publishing nineteen books of poems during his lifetime, as well as a visual artist, novelist, playwright, and journalist. Half a dozen of these books have been excerpted and published in English over the years, but even if one were to read all of those, the wide range of poetic styles and subjects that occupied Pasolini during his lifetime would still elude the English-language reader. For the first time, Anglophones will now be able to discover the many facets of this singular poet. Avoiding the tactics of the slim, idiosyncratic, and aesthetically or politically motivated volumes currently available in English, Stephen Sartarelli has chosen poems from every period of Pasolini's poetic oeuvre. In doing so, he gives English-language readers a more complete picture of the poet, whose verse ranged from short lyrics to longer poems and extended sequences, and whose themes ran not only to the moral, spiritual, and social spheres but also to the aesthetic and sexual, for which he is most known in the United States today. This volume shows how central poetry was to Pasolini, no matter what else he was doing in his creative life, and how poetry informed all of his work from the visual arts to his political essays to his films. Pier Paolo Pasolini was “a poet of the cinema,” as James Ivory says in the book's foreword, who “left a trove of words on paper that can live on as the fast-deteriorating images he created on celluloid cannot.” This generous selection of poems will be welcomed by poetry lovers and film buffs alike and will be an event in American letters. " -- (The University of Chicago Press)
Shakespeare among the courtesans : prostitution, literature, and drama, 1500-1650
The lost world of Italian American radicalism : politics, labor, and culture
Autobiographical poems : a bilingual edition
Italy : be fluent in Italian life and culture
Italian Americans on Long Island : presence and impact : proceedings of the symposium held at the Center for Italian Studies, SUNY Stony Brook
Only in Naples : lessons in food and famiglia from my Italian mother-in-law
The empire of stereotypes : Germaine de Staël and the idea of Italy
Italy's many diaspora
The spaghetti tree : Mario and Franco and the Trattoria Revolution
Street corner society : the social structure of an Italian slum
Moving lives : narratives of nation and migration among Europeans in post-war Britain
Leaving little Italy : essaying Italian American culture
The Italians : social backgrounds of an American group
Passion on the vine : a memoir of food, wine, and family in the heart of Italy
Opinion surveys on attitudes towards immigration are becoming more and more important, owing to the increasing role of political debate on migration issues in Western European countries. CNR has conducted four surveys on this topic, collecting data on the evolution of Italians attitudes towards migration issues. In fact, the ? rst survey was conducted in the second half of the eighties, when foreign immigration was in its early stages. The last survey took place in 2002, when immigration was already well established in Italy. The article focuses on three main issues: the global impact of immigration on Italian society, the immigrants role in the labour market, and immigration policy. In general, the results of the last survey con? rm a trend that appeared already in 1997, of more balanced and realistic opinion that were less of a response to circumstances perceived as special emergencies. Highly educated people, teachers and students continue to be the most open and receptive groups, whereas the less favourably inclined and more worried continue to be old people, those with less education, the unemployed, housewives, and retirees.  .
Italian folktales in America : the verbal art of an immigrant woman
Merchants, midwives and laboring women : Italian migrants in urban America
Immigrant women in the land of dollars : life and culture on the Lower East Side 1890-1925
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
La storia : five centuries of the Italian American experience
Emigrant nation : the making of Italy abroad
Three people in a marriage: a woman and two men. This was the eighteenth-century Italian aristocratic model of marriage, characterized by the presence of the cicisbeo, the official escort of another man's wife. Did this delineate a clear and brazen sexual depravity or rather a complex and refined social institution, revealing many aspects of Italian civilization in the Age of the Enlightenment? Not only was the presence of a cicisbeo part of a matrimonial, family model; it was also an important factor socially and politically. In a period in which the presence of women at parties was sought--at the theatre and in salons--the lady's escort played an essential part in promoting a couple's social life. Indeed, the company and friendship (and perhaps love) which bound a lady and her escort occurred with the knowledge and under the control of the families of the interested parties. Of course, this 'triangular' arrangement was not unproblematic. The existence of a third party posed a threat to conjugal fidelity and the legitimacy of offspring and, towards the early nineteenth century, when the ideals of Romanticism and the French Revolution were popular there was a rapid decline in the practice. For as Italy reconstructed its national identity alongside other modern European countries the image of private immorality associated with cicisbeism constituted an intolerable blemish.
Dante and his world
Friends, lovers, chocolate
Amore : the story of Italian American song
Where angels fear to tread
By the breath of their mouths : narratives of resistance in Italian America
The immigrant world of Ybor City : Italians and their Latin neighbors in Tampa, 1885-1985
The Gondi : family strategy and survival in early modern France
Italians and Foreign Immigration
The status of interpretation in Italian American studies : proceedings of the first Forum in Italian American Criticism (FIAC)
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
White on arrival : Italians, race, color, and power in Chicago, 1890-1945
Oscuro : hämärän maa = Once upon a time in the Obscure
From the margin : writings in Italian Americana
Memories of belonging : descendants of Italian migrants to the United Sates, 1884-present
the Silent mountain : the battle of the alps
From pioneer to nomad : essays on Italian North American writing
In her Rime (1627-28), Francesca Turini Bufalini included a series of sonnets under the subtitle "Principio dello stato dell' autrice." ... These poems are unique for their truly autobiographical nature, openly declared as such by the author herself. None of the European women poets preceding her, or any of her contemporaries, recorded their lives with such precision. In these sonnets, Turini Bufalini gives us a detailed description of her life, from childhood to old age, along with the full spectrum of her emotions. She describes her birth followed by the death of her father and mother, her lonely, rustic but free life as an orphan in her uncle's castle in the wilderness of the Apennines (where she kept company with shepherdesses, rode horses and went hunting), her marriage, her exuberant joys of motherhood, her sad widowhood, love for her children and grandchildren, trouble with her adult sons and the tragic death of one of them. In most poems a strong, narrating "I" predominates, but frequently the author also addresses herself, her heart and her soul in the personal "you" voice.
The Madonna of 115th Street : faith and community in Italian Harlem, 1880-1950
The sinking of Laconia
In danger : a Pasolini anthology
A lady's man : the cicisbei, private morals and national identity in Italy
Shame and the captives
The Italian Americans : a history
"The typical southern Italian woman" : ruminations on poststructural feminist ethnography
The body in the mirror : shapes of history in Italian cinema
Italian tourists in Finland : development of tourist flows and destination images of italians
The girl of his dreams
The italians in Chicago 1880-1930 : a study in ethnic mobility
Dizionario Di Arte Contemporanea in Lingua Dei Segni Italiana = Dictionary contemporary art Italian sign language: silence speaks about art
Train to Budapest
The grand junction
Pier Paolo Pasolini (1922-1975) was a major cultural figure in post-WWII Italy, well-known as a poet, novelist, communist intellectual, and filmmaker. In Danger is the first anthology in English devoted to his political and literary essays, with a generous selection of his poetry. Against the backdrop of post-war Italy, and through the mid-'70s, Pasolini's writings provide a fascinating portrait of a Europe in which fascists and communists violently clashed for power and where journalists ran great risks. The controversial and openly gay Pasolini was murdered at the age of fifty-three; In Danger includes his final interview, conducted hours before his death.
The golden door : Italian and Jewish immigrant mobility in New York city 1880-1915
"There has been an odd reluctance on the part of historians of the Italian American experience to confront the discrimination faced by Italians and Americans of Italian ancestry. This volume is a bold attempt by an esteemed group of scholars and writers to discuss the question openly by charting the historical and cultural boundaries of stereotypes, prejudice, and assimilation. Contributors offer a continuous series of cultural encounters and experiences in television, literature, and film that deserve the attention of anyone interested in the larger themes of American history"--Provided by publisher.
Feeling Italian : the art of ethnicity in America
Adjusting sites : new essays in Italian American studies
From wiseguys to wise men : the gangster and Italian American masculinities
A mother's trust
Italian deception
The Italian American heritage : a companion to literature and arts
Hitler's new disorder : the Second World War in Yugoslavia
A view from the bridge : a play in two acts : with a new introduction
The shoemaker's wife
The selected poetry of Pier Paolo Pasolini
Mount Allegro : a memoir of Italian American life
Adult active learning in tourism : Italian tourists' learning and tourist guide development in Finnish tourism
The Europeans
The Italians
From Caeser to the Mafia : sketches of Italian life
A history of Odessa, the last Italian Black Sea colony
Last night in twisted river : a novel
Gangster priest : the Italian American cinema of Martin Scorsese
From Caesar to the Mafia : persons, places, and problems in Italian life
Oltre l'Italia e l'Europa : ricerche sui movimenti migratori e sullo spazio multiculturale = Beyond Italy and Europe
Italian vices : nation and character from the Risorgimento to the republic
Corelli`s Mandolin
The problem of Trieste and the Italo-Yugoslav border : difference, identity, and sovereignty in twentieth-century Europe
The varieties of ethnic experience : kinship, class, and gender among California Italian-Americans
EFL in Italian bsecondary schools : focus on conversation closings
Anti-Italianism in sixteenth-century France
Mamma mia! : Berlusconi explained for posterity and friends abroad
A question of belief
Dear Olivia  : an Italian journey of love and courage
Italian workers of the world : labor migration and the formation of multiethnic states
Frančesko Bartolomeo Rastrelli : arhitekturnye proekty iz sobraniâ Gosudarstvennogo muzeâ istorii S.-Peterburga : katalog = Francesko Bartolomeo Rastrelli : architectual projects from a collection of the State Museum of the History of St. Petersburg : the catalogue
The language and stereotype of Italians in Irish culture
Broken time, fragmented space : a cultural map for postwar Italy
Speak the culture : Italy:  be fluent in Italian life and culture
The Italians : a full-length portrait featuring their manners and morals
Motivations and expectations of Italians planning to move to Finland
The baklava club
Venetians in Constantinople : nation, identity, and coexistence in the early modern Mediterranean
Hollywood Italians : Dagos, Romeos, Wise Guys and Sopranos
Drawing conclusions
Anti-Italianism : essays on a prejudice
Oral history, oral culture, and Italian Americans
Notes from Italian garden
Italy : the unfinished revolution
Understand Mussolini's Italy
Models and images of Catholicism in Italian Americana : academy and society
Towards localization of anglicisms : a data-driven analysis of anglicisms on the Best Western Italia website
American immigrant leaders 1800-1910 : marginality and identity
Young generations and new patterns of emigration : the FInnish-Italian case
The immigrant's return : Italian male and female images in five American novels
The Italian community in Finland is relatively small compared to other larger Italian communities abroad. Despite the quantitatively restricted dimensions, there are multiple reasons to study the phenomenon. First of all, the two countries represent the geographical extremes of the European Union as well as two very different realities in terms of historical, cultural and social background. These two member states of the EU in fact are very different in terms of multiculturalism / multiethnicity and for their role in the European unification process. Studying the migration flows between the two countries is therefore important not only to understand the bilateral relationship between Finland and Italy but it can also offer a more general perspective on how the European integration process is actually proceeding. This essay examines the decision-making process of Italians planning to move to Finland through a semantic analysis of the posts (or web messages) sent to the message board of web newsmagazine La Rondine by Italians looking for a relocation in Finland. The collection and analysis of the semantic universe provide the list of motivators at the basis of Finland as chosen destination and an outlook on how Finland is perceived by Italians. As a conclusion of the semantic analysis on the source material, a map on the opportunities and threats that Italians attribute to Finland, will be drawn..
The urban villagers : group and class in the life of Italian-Americans
The Italian immigrants of Connecticut, 1880 to 1940
La bella figura : an insider's guide to the Italian mind
"Memories of Belonging is a three-generation oral-history study of the offspring of southern Italians who migrated to Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1913. Supplemented with the interviewees' private documents and working from U.S. and Italian archives, author Christa Wirth documents a century of transatlantic migration, assimilation, and later-generation self-identification. Her research reveals how memories of migration, everyday life, and ethnicity are passed down through the generations, altered, and contested while constituting family identities. The fact that not all descendants of Italian migrants moved into the U.S. middle class, combined with their continued use of hyphenated identities, points to a history of lived ethnicity and societal exclusion. Moreover, this book demonstrates the extent of forgetting that is required in order to construct an ethnic identity"--
Journeys through fascism : Italian travel writing between the wars
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
On relativization and clefting : an analysis of Italian sign language
The winter sea
Forum for modern language studies. Vol. 38, no. 2, April 2002, Italian identities
Factions, friends and feasts : anthropological perspectives on the Mediterranean
The end
Are Italians white? : how race is made in America
The Xenophobe's guide to the Italians
The man in the snow
With my introduction and notes, and my selection of what I consider to be Turini Bufalini's best poems, I point out the parallelism between events in her actual life and her poetic compositions. I examine her style, themes and quality as a poet who wrote on subjects not seen before in the works of other women poets. Where possible, I compare her verses to those of Italian poets preceding her. I also review and comment on the opinions of literary critics regarding her work ... --Introduction --Book Jacket.
