http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9359 female perspective
female perspective female point of view
Madness of a seduced  woman
In spite of Plato : a feminist rewriting of ancient philosophy
The Feminist Spectator as Critic broke new ground as one of the pioneering books on feminist spectatorship, encouraging resistant readings to generate feminist meanings in performance. Approaching live spectatorship through a range of interdisciplinary methods, the book has been foundational in theater studies, performance studies, and gender/sexuality/women's studies. This updated and enlarged second edition celebrates the book's twenty-fifth anniversary with a substantial new introduction and up-to-the-moment bibliography, detailing the progress to date in gender equity in theater and the arts, and suggesting how far we have yet to go.
What women want : the global marketplace turns female-friendly
Sunrise to sunset : an anthology of summer reading
The Guerrilla Girls' bedside companion to the history of western art
Grotowski, women, and contemporary performance : meetings with remarkable women
Our stories, our visions : 40 of the world's most influential women, 40 of their most intimate interviews, 40 poweful voices fighting for change
Healing the body politic : the political thought of Christine de Pizan
Maps of flesh and light : the religious experience of medieval women mystics
A room of one's own ; Three guineas
The end of capitalism (as we knew it) : a feminist critique of political economy
Female entrepreneurship : implications for education, training and policy
Women, work and computerization: charting a course to the future : IFIP TC WG9.1 Seventh International Conference on Women, Work and Computerization, June 8-11, 2000, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Images of women in East German cinema, 1972-1982 : socialist models, private dreamers and rebels
"This book investigates male writers' use of female voices and female writers' use of male voices in literature and theatre from the 1850s to the present, examining where, how and why such gendered crossings occur and what connections may be found between these crossings and specific psychological, social, historical and political contexts"--
Women, information, and the future
Scandinavian critique of Anglo-American feminist theology = Skandinavische Kritik angloamerikanischer feministischer Theologie = Critique scandinave de la théologie féministe anglo-américaine
The fruit of her hands : a psychology of biblical woman
Women in Mark's Gospel
The burgeoning field of postcolonial studies argues that most theology has been formed in dominant cultures, laden intrinsically with imperializing structures. An essential task facing theology is thus to "decolonize" the mind and free Christianity from colonizing bias and structures. Here, in this truly groundbreaking study, highly respected feminist theologian Kwok Pui-lan offers the first full-length theological treatment of what it means to do postcolonial feminist theology. She explains her methodological basis and explores several specific topics, including Christology, pluralism, and creation.
Women in the biblical tradition
Who would be a feminist now? Contemporary 'political realism' suggests that the essentials of the battle have already been won, and the current generation of women entering University is used to seeing feminism presented as 'old fashioned', 'extreme' and 'unrealistic'. Challenging such assumptions, this important new book argues for the value of empirical investigations of gendered life, and brings together the theoretical, political and practical aspects of feminist methodology.
Architects, angels, activists and the city of Bath, 1765-1965 : engaging with women's spatial interventions in buildings and landscape
Feminist philosophy of religion : critical readings
The subversive stitch : embroidery and the making of the feminine
Rosalind Sydie's critically acclaimed study examines the work and thought of Durkheim, Weber, Marx, Engels, focusing on what these influential thinkers had to say about the nature of gender relationships. She brings to light assumptions at the foundation of classical social theory, and the effect that these assumptions have had on the perception of women.
Blood, bread, and poetry : selected prose 1979-1985
Jane Donawerth, who has previously written and edited works on women and science fiction, contributes a sense of continuity--both in history and in theme--to the study of women writing science fiction. In her introduction, Donawerth uses Mary Shelley's Frankenstein to establish both a maternal literary heritage and a model of study that controls the presentation of material in her book. Frankenstein, Donawerth argues, provides women writing science fiction with not only a female progenitor but also with the central constraints of the genre for these women: the male narrator, science as a male preserve and its objectification of women, and the construction of woman as alien. The rest of the book is organized according to these three central constraints. Chapter 1, "Utopian Science in Science Fiction by Women," discusses how female writers create a utopian science that constructs women as subjects rather than objects. Women authors break with contemporary science in their creation of female scientist-heroes, technologies that utilize female experience, new origin stories and definitions of science, and changes in the relationship of humans to nature. In chapter 2, "Beautiful Alien Monster-Women--BAMs," Donawerth describes the reconstruction of the female alien within science fiction. While the BAM has traditionally been depicted by male authors as marginal, dangerous, and sadomasochistic, women authors reclaim and revise the female alien, empowering her.
A vindication of the rights of woman : with strictures on political and moral subjects
Reading the women of the Bible
Literature in the modern world : critical essays and documents
A war of flowers
Breaking male dominance in old democracies
Mindful movement : the evolution of the somatic arts and conscious action
Feminist ways of knowing : towards theorising the person for radical adult education
The Methuen drama book of suffrage plays
Natural women, cultured men : a feminist perspective on sociological theory
The Forbidden stitch : an Asian American women's anthology
Participatory implementation : the gender dimension in the implementation of community-level projects in Ghana
Bad girls : sirens, jezebels, murderesses, thieves & other female villains
The making and breaking of a female culture : the history of Swedish physical education 'in a different voice'
The impact of gender quotas
Room of one's own
The everyday womanhood : a methodological journey to an entwined process
The sacred hoop : recovering in the feminine in American Indian traditions
"And she felt the desire to speak" : Aino Kallas, Maie Merits, and the female voice
Gender and language : towards a feminist pragmatics
Death and desire : the rhetoric of gender in the Apocalypse of John
Scenariodrama as a gender-sensitive tool for learning from futures
Feminist perspectives on peace and peace education
Freya : a novel
Cross-gendered literary voices : appropriating, resisting, embracing
Whose school is it? : women, children, memory, and practice in the city
Philosophy, feminism, and faith
Women at sea : travel writing and the margins of Caribbean discourse
Feminine mysteries in the Bible : the soul teachings of the daughters of the goddess
Emotions in transmigration : transformation, movement and identity
Girls' secondary education in the western world : from the 18th to the 20th century
Women in semiotics : the Finnish tradition in semiotics of the 1970s and 1980s
A CENTURY OF WOMEN CARTOONISTS
The valley of amazement
For colored girls
This is the first of a set of three volumes reviewing the progress of feminist Hebrew Bible scholarship over the last 40 years. In it, fourteen essayists focus on the feminist work on each of the biblical books. Each essay explores the range and depth of feminist exegesis, presents substantial yet easily digestible trends, preferences and perspectives in feminist scholarship, and demonstrates that feminist biblical approaches are not monolithic but diverse in feminist conviction, hermeneutics and method. The result of this collaborative task is a comprehensive though selective survey, which includes suggestions for future feminist engagement. What feminist biblical scholarship has accomplished during the past forty years is no small feat. But it becomes clear from this volume that much remains to be done in the pursuit of dismantling structures of gender domination in Hebrew Bible exegesis and beyond.
The hidden philosophy of Hannah Arendt
Women in industrialized societies have a lifelong relationship with consumerism. They are caught up in a ''consumer femininity'', since a feminine identity involves, among other things, a particular mode of consumption. This study, presented in full for the first time in this volume, aims to stimulate critical awareness of consumer femininity. It culminates in sample analysis of a type of discourse that contributes to the formation of women as feminine subjects: the teen magazine. The book proposes an approach to doing critical discourse analysis that focuses on the constitution of a language user''s subjectivity in the act of reading. Influenced by the early work of Norman Fairclough, it locates points of focus for taking up a critical (and specifically feminist) reading position in discourse analysis. In doing so, it seeks to provide theoretical and analytical grounding for a critical pedagogy that will take into the classroom attention to language and construction of language users'' subjectivities.
Postcolonial imagination and feminist theology
A gender perspective on transport futures
Local violence, global media : feminist analyses of gendered representations
The amazing adventures of working girl : real-life career advice you can actually use
Notes from an Odin actress : stones of water
Although climate change affects everybody it is not gender neutral. It has significant social impacts and magnifies existing inequalities such as the disparity between women and men in their vulnerability and ability to cope with this global phenomenon. This new textbook, edited by one of the authors of the seminal "Women and the Environment in the Third World: Alliance for the Future" (1988) which first exposed the links between environmental degradation and unequal impacts on women, provides a comprehensive introduction to gender aspects of climate change. Over 35 authors have contributed to the book. It starts with a short history of the thinking and practice around gender and sustainable development over the past decades. Next it provides a theoretical framework for analyzing climate change manifestations and policies from the perspective of gender and human security. Drawing on new research, the actual and potential effects of climate change on gender equality and women's vulnerabilities are examined, both in rural and urban contexts. This is illustrated with a rich range of case studies from all over the world and valuable lessons are drawn from these real experiences. Too often women are primarily seen as victims of climate change, and their positive roles as agents of change and contributors to livelihood strategies are neglected. The book disputes this characterization and provides many examples of how women around the world organize and build resilience and adapt to climate change and the role they are playing in climate change mitigation. The final section looks at how far gender mainstreaming in climate mitigation and adaptation has advanced, the policy frameworks in place and how we can move from policy to effective action. Accompanied by a wide range of references and key resources, this book provides students and professionals with an essential, comprehensive introduction..
The feminist spectator as critic
Three sisters
Women escaping violence : empowerment through narrative
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
The Virgin Mary, monotheism, and sacrifice
Working it out : 23 women writers, artists, scientists, and scholars talk about their lives and work
An actress prepares : women and "the method"
The sweet girl : a novel
Dirty diaries : 12 shorts of feminist porn
Feminist security studies : a narrative approach
You, me & other people
Stiletto network : inside the women's power circles that are changing the face of business
Greater expectations : a source book for working with girls and young women
Daughters of Anowa : African women and patriarchy
Brighton, 1938: Grace Kemp is pushed away by the family she has shamed. Rejected and afraid, she begins a new life as a nurse. But danger stalks the hospital too, and she'll need to be on her guard to avoid falling into familiar traps. And then there are the things she sees...Strange portents that have a way of becoming real. Eighty years later, Mina Morgan is brought to the same hospital after a near-fatal car crash. She is in terrible pain but recalls nothing. She's not even sure whom to trust. Mina too sees things that others cannot, but now, in hospital, her visions are clearer than ever...Two women, separated by decades, are drawn together by a shared space and a common need to salvage their lives.
The body in the work of Simone de Beauvoir
A useful and fun book for any woman who has ever wanted, needed, lost, quit, hated, or loved a job. “Working Girl” (a.k.a. Karen Burns) has held a total of 59 jobs (so far), including housekeeper, cigarette girl, paper “boy”, model, ditch-digger, bank teller, editor, brochure writer, artist, and corporate drone. She made mistakes along the way, but extracted one important lesson from each job she has held. Working Girl now shares her hard-earned wisdom for the modern working woman with this series of 59 humorous yet practical vignettes, including guidance on: • Risk-taking and why it’s good • How to build self-confidence • Tips for managing your boss • When you’re not appreciated • Causes and cures for burnout • Balancing baby and boss • When it’s time to say adieu and 52 more! Whimsically illustrated with Working Girl cartoons, this is a fun, accessible advice book that deals with the real issues that are on the minds of working women (and not just those who are striving for the corner office!). No matter where a girl finds herself on the job ladder (from the bottom to the top), she’ll find that The Amazing Adventures of Working Girl will give her both perspective and a plan for success. -- Publisher description.
Contributing to the architectural and social history of Bath, this title presents the ways in which women across classes shaped the built environment and designed landscapes of this one of England's most architecturally significant cities.
Feminist methodology : challenges and choices
Anarchic Bodies : Foucault and the feminist question of experience
Gender and climate change : an introduction
Rozsika Parker's now classic re-evaluation of the reciprocal relationship between women and embroidery has brought stitchery out from the private world of female domesticity into the fine arts, created a major breakthrough in art history and criticism, and fostered the emergence of today's dynamic and expanding crafts movements. The Subversive Stitch is now available again with a new Introduction that brings the book up to date with exploration of the stitched art of Louise Bourgeois and Tracey Emin, as well as the work of new young female and male embroiderers. Rozsika Parker uses household accounts, women's magazines, letters, novels and the works of art themselves to trace through history how the separation of the craft of embroidery from the fine arts came to be a major force in the marginalisation of women's work. Beautifully illustrated, her book also discusses the contradictory nature of women's experience of embroidery: how it has inculcated female subservience while providing an immensely pleasurable source of creativity, forging links between women.
When women call the shots : the developing power and influence of women in television and film
This original book enters the undeveloped territory of feminist metaphysics and offers a bold and unusual contribution to debates about identity, essence and self. Using a diverse range of theories - from Kant to chaos theory, from Kierkegaard to Deleuze, Irigaray, Butler and Oliver Sachs - this book challenges the assumption that metaphysics can remain unchanged by issues of sexual difference.
On Goldman
A passion for physics : the story of a woman physicist
The voice of a journalist in character portraits - featured in Tatler and Harper's & Queen
Feminist interpretations of Augustine
This pathbreaking work pursues two interwoven themes. Firstly, it engages in a deconstruction of Ancient philosopher's texts--mainly from Plato, but also from Homer and Parmenides--in order to free four Greek female figures from the patriarchal discourse which for centuries had imprisoned them in a particular role. Secondly, it attempts to construct a symbolic female order, reinterpreting these figures from a new perspective. Building on the theory of sexual difference, Cavarero shows that death is the central category on which the whole edifice of traditional philosophy is based. By contrast, the category of birth provides the thread with which new concepts of feminist criticism can be woven together to establish a fresh way of thinking.
Setting the moral compass : essays by women philosophers
Frankenstein's daughters : women writing science fiction
The white queen
Debates and issues in feminist research and pedagogy : a reader
Wrestling with God = En lucha con Dios = Ringen mit Gott
The red queen
Language, intertextuality and subjectivity : voices in the construction of consumer feminity
Recovering nineteenth-century women interpreters of the Bible
Third generation female voices rewriting the nation of Nigeria : a postcolonial literary analysis of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's Purple hibiscus and Sefi Atta's Everyting good will come
In the light of what we see
Rozsika Parker's re-evaluation of the reciprocal relationship between women and embroidery has brought stitchery out from the private world of female domesticity into the fine arts, created a major breakthrough in art history and criticism, and fostered the emergence of today's dynamic and expanding crafts movements. The Subversive Stitch is now available again with a new Introduction that brings the book up to date with exploration of the stitched art of Louise Bourgeois and Tracey Emin, as well as the work of new young female and male embroiderers. Rozsika Parker uses household accounts, women's magazines, letters, novels and the works of art themselves to trace through history how the separation of the craft of embroidery from the fine arts came to be a major force in the marginalisation of women's work. Beautifully illustrated, her book also discusses the contradictory nature of women's experience of embroidery: how it has inculcated female subservience while providing an immensely pleasurable source of creativity, forging links between women.
Jesus was a feminist : what the Gospels reveal about his revolutionary perspective
Theorizing a new agenda for architecture : an anthology of architectural theory, 1965-1995
The collected letters of Harriet Martineau
Birth of the chess queen : a history
Feminist interpretation of the Hebrew Bible in retrospect. Vol.1, Biblical books
The white princess
Musics and feminisms
Battering and family therapy : a feminist perspective
The phenomenal woman : feminist metaphysics and the patterns of identity
Women and religious traditions
