http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9367 moral theology
moral theology
Virtually no one would deny the extent and intensity of suffering in the world. Can one also consistently hold that there is an omniscient, omnipotent, perfectly good God? This book argues that the difficult questions raised by the problem of suffering can be considered best in the context of biblical narratives.
Ecumenical ventures in ethics : Protestants engage Pope Paul II's Moral Encyclicals : a project of the Institute for Ecumenical Research, Strasbourg
What does the history of Christian views of economic life mean for economic life in the twenty-first century? Here Daniel Finn reviews the insights provided by a large number of texts, from the Bible and the early church, to the Middle Ages and the Protestant Reformation, to treatments of the subject in the last century. Relying on both social science and theology, Finn then turns to the implications of this history for economic life today. Throughout, the book invites the reader to engage the sources and to develop an answer to the volume's basic question.
Walking with faith : new perspectives on the sources and shaping of Catholic moral life
Liberating conscience : feminist explorations in Catholic moral theology
Augustinian just war theory and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq : confessions, contentions, and the lust for power
The evolution of evil
Natural law : a Lutheran reappraisal
Christian ethics : an introduction
Essential care : an ethics of human nature
The groaning of creation : God, evolution, and the problem of evil
Richard Hooker and Anglican moral theology
In search of the common good
Fulfillment in Christ : a summary of Christian moral principles
Formation of the moral self
This book addresses the old question of natural law in its interesting contemporary context. David VanDrunen draws on both his Reformed theological heritage and the broader Christian natural law tradition to develop a constructive theology of natural law through a thorough study of Scripture. The biblical covenants organize VanDrunen's study. Part 1 addresses the covenant of creation and the covenant with Noah, exploring how these covenants provide a foundation for understanding God's governance of the whole world under the natural law. Part 2 treats the redemptive covenants that God established with such people as Abraham and Moses and explores the obligations of God's people to natural law within these covenant relationships. In the concluding chapter of Divine Covenants and Moral Order VanDrunen reflects on the need for a solid theology of natural law and the importance of natural law for the Christian's life in the public square.
Moral absolutes : tradition, revision, and truth
Love does no harm : sexual ethics for the rest of us
Change in official Catholic moral teaching
Muslim ethics : emerging vistas
A philosophy of hope : Josef Pieper and the contemporary debate on hope
Political theology II : the myth of the closure of any political theology
The analogy of grace : Karl Barth's moral theology
Understanding Catholic morality
God and moral law : on the theistic explanation of morality
Divine covenants and moral order : a biblical theology of natural law
John Paul II and moral theology
A fundamental practical theology : Descriptive and strategic proposals
Agape, Eros, gender : towards a Pauline sexual ethic
Good and evil : interpreting a human condition
Dissent in the church
The Catholic internet discussion on cloning : a study in cognitive rhetoric
Introduction to moral theology
The way of the Lord Jesus. Vol. 2, Living a Christian life
Religion and the new ecology : environmental responsibility in a world in flux
The pope's dilemma : Pius XII faces atrocities and genocide in the Second World War
Wandering in darkness : narrative and the problem of suffering
And you welcomed me : a sourcebook on hospitality in early Christianity
The moral vision of the New Testament : community, cross, new creation : a contemporary introduction to New Testament ethics
Christian economic ethics : history and implications
Self, World, and Time takes up the question of the form and matter of Christian ethics as an intellectual discipline. What is it about? How does it relate to the humanistic faculties, especially philosophy, theology, and behavioral studies? How does its shape correspond to the shape of practical reason? In what way does it participate in the proclamation of the gospel of Jesus Christ? Oliver O'Donovan discusses these questions with self, world, and time as foundation poles of moral reasoning, and with faith, love, and hope as the virtues anchoring the moral life.
Christian ethics : a historical introduction
The specification of human actions in St. Thomas Aquinas
The philosophical and theological foundations of ethics : an introduction to moral theory and its relation to religious belief
A theological treatment of the role of affections such as joy, compassion, and shame in contemporary politics. Hordern discusses what affections are and how they play a role in parts of political life such as representation and law. He shows that affections have an intelligent role to play in fostering loyalty, trust and public moral reasoning.
Feminist ethics and the Catholic moral tradition
Christian ethics : moral theology in the light of Vatican II. Vol. 2, Special moral theology
Sin : essays on the moral tradition in the western Middle Ages
James E. Bruce explores the relationship between morality and God's free choices in the thought of Francis Turretin (1623-1687). The first book-length treatment of Turretin's natural law theory, Bruce provides an important theological backdrop to Early Modern moral and political philosophy. Turretin affirms Thomas Aquinas's approach to the natural law, calling it the common opinion of the Reformed orthodox, but he develops it, too, by introducing a threefold scheme of right (ius)—divine, natural, and positive—to explain how change within the law is possible. So, for example, God can change the specific day for Sabbath observance from Saturday to Sunday—from positive right—without changing the natural law precept that finite creatures ought to rest. Yet even with respect to the natural law God is still free: God's free choices determine the natural law insofar as the natural law is constituted by the nature of the things God has chosen to create. God cannot make a murderable man, but he can make a world in which there is no such thing as murder—but only by choosing to create a world that contains no such a thing as man.
The voice of conscience : a political genealogy of western ethical experience
This book is situated within the realm of theological engagement with the sciences with a particular focus on how the nature of ethics is understood through this dialogue. Its purpose is to provide a theological appreciation of the nature of ethics which also takes seriously evolutionary accounts of how ethics came to be. it argues that such a theological metaethic can be interpreted as hopeful and optimistic given the apparent evolution of the moral from the amoral. This work hinges on two different but intertwined levels. One is the level of ethical systems: a particular understanding of Western Christian ethics. This level is framed by another, broader level of metaethics: an overarching understanding of the character of ethics that emerges from reflections on evolutionary theory and its naturalistic context.
Utrum homo sit dominus personae suae? : the question of individual liberty as an example of the confrontation of canon law and moral theology in Summenhart's Opus septipartitum
A moral ontology for a theistic ethic : gathering the nations in love and justice
The theology of Thomas Aquinas
Shaping the moral life : an approach to moral theology
Comparative religious ethics : a narrative approach to global ethics
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Aquinas's ethics : metaphysical foundations, moral theory, and theological context
Eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven : women, sexuality and the Catholic Church
Christian ethics and contemporary moral problems
David Hartley on human nature
In Western thought, it has been persistently assumed that in moral and political matters, people should rely on the inner voice of conscience rather than on external authorities, laws, and regulations. This volume investigates this concept, examining the development of the Western politics of conscience, from Socrates to the present, and the formation of the Western ethico-political subject. The work opens with a discussion of the ambiguous role of conscience in politics, contesting the claim that it is the best defense against totalitarianism. It then look back at canonical authors, from the Church Fathers and Luther to Rousseau and Derrida, to show how the experience of conscience constitutes the foundation of Western ethics and politics. This unique work not only synthesizes philosophical and political insights, but also pays attention to political theology to provide a compelling and innovative argument that the experience of conscience has always been at the core of the political Western tradition.
"The new edition of this popular textbook has been thoroughly revised and updated to reflect recent global developments. The book retains the unique and compelling narrative-style approach which has proved so successful with students; reflecting the ways in which ancient stories from diverse religions, such as the Bhagavad Gita and the lives of Jesus and Buddha, have been used to project an ethical framework and provide ethical orientation in the modern world. New to this edition are discussions of globalization and its influence on cross-cultural and comparative ethics, economic dimensions to ethics, Gandhian traditions, and global ethics in an age of terrorism. The book also considers Chinese influences on Thich Nhat Hanh's Zen Buddhism, and Augustine's Confessions. Greater in-depth discussions are included on Asian religions, quest narratives, and the religious and philosophical approach to ethics in the West. Exploring a broad range of important and complex moral issues in a clear and absorbing style, this is a truly reader-friendly and comparative introduction to religious ethics"--Provided by publisher.
Humanae vitae : a generation later
William Ockham's theory of the foundations of ethics
Reclaiming moral agency : the moral philosophy of Albert the Great
Rights in the law : the importance of god's free choices in the thought of Francis Turretin
Moral theology in an age of renewal : a study of the Catholic tradition since Vatican II
African theologians constructing sexual ethics sensitive to HIV stigma
Christian ethics : moral theology in the light of Vatican II. Vol. 1, General moral theology
On the two ways : life or death, light or darkness : foundational texts in the tradition
Thomas Aquinas on God and evil
Aiming at happiness : the moral teaching in the Catechism of the Catholic Church : an analysis and commentary
The persistence of Christian realism : a study of the social ethics of Roland H. Preston
A question of truth : Christianity and homosexuality
Contemporary Catholic health care ethics
The making of moral theology : a study of the Roman Catholic tradition
Sharing in Christ's virtues : for a renewal of moral theology in light of Veritatis splendor
Dirty hands : Christian ethics in a morally ambigiuous world
Bonhoeffer on the Christian life : from the cross, for the world
Self, world, and time
The Catholic Internet discussion on cloning : a study in cognitive rhetoric
"This popular textbook has been thoroughly revised and updated to reflect recent global developments, whilst retaining its unique and compelling narrative-style approach. Using ancient stories from diverse religions, it explores a broad range of important and complex moral issues, resulting in a truly reader-friendly and comparative introduction to religious ethics. A thoroughly revised and expanded new edition of this popular textbook, yet retains the unique narrative-style approach which has proved so successful with students Considers the ways in which ancient stories from diverse religions, such as the Bhagavad Gita and the lives of Jesus and Buddha, have provided ethical orientation in the modern world Updated to reflect recent discussions on globalization and its influence on cross-cultural and comparative ethics, economic dimensions to ethics, Gandhian traditions, and global ethics in an age of terrorism Expands coverage of Asian religions, quest narratives, the religious and philosophical approach to ethics in the West, and considers Chinese influences on Thich Nhat Hanh's Zen Buddhism, and Augustine's Confessions Accompanied by an instructor's manual which shows how to use the book in conjunction with contemporary films"--Provided by publisher.
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
A church that can and cannot change : the development of Catholic moral teaching
Religion and morality
Jesus the warrior? : historical Christian perspectives & problems on the morality of war & the waging of peace
Dialogue about Catholic sexual teaching
Narrative theology and moral theology : the infinite horizon
The doctrine of God and theological ethics
Liturgy and the moral self : humanity at full stretch before God : essays in honor of Don E. Saliers
Moral leadership in a postmodern age
Richard Hooker (1554-1600) is often credited with being the founding father of Anglican moral theology. This book is the first major study to examine in depth the extent to which this claim is justified, and to evaluate the nature of Hooker's contribution to this aspect of Anglican tradition. The study roots Hooker firmly within his own historical context and considers his text principally on its own terms; thus it avoids many of the problems that have bedevilled modern Hooker scholarship, particularly where attempts have been made to 'claim' him for one particular theological tradition over another, or to approach his work primarily with an eye to its continued relevance to contemporary debate within Anglicanism, both of which can lead to significant distortions in the way in which Hooker is read and interpreted. What emerges amounts to a significant re-evaluation of much of the conventional wisdom about Hooker's place within Anglicanism, as well as a range of original insights into the nature, content, and style of his work and its wider significance.
This book recasts our understanding of the disciplines of moral theology and social ethics by drawing from the wealth of the entire theological enterprise, including scripture, systematic theology, Catholic social teaching, and Ignatian spirituality. Christina Astorga structures her new method in terms of vision, norm, and choice. Moral vision, shaped by culture, religion, scriptures, and systematic theology, is the wellspring form which morality flows. Moral norms, as grounded in Catholic social teaching, mediate moral vision toward choice and action. Directed by an integrated ethical methodology for conflict situations, moral choice which incarnates moral vision and norm is brought into the illumination of spiritual discernment.
After Vatican II : trajectories and hermeneutics
Saints and sinners in Early Christian Ireland : moral theology in the lives of saints Brigit and Columba
An introduction to moral theology
Happiness and the Christian moral life : an introduction to Christian ethics
Does religion matter morally? : the critical reappraisal of the thesis of morality's independence from religion
On evil
Catholic moral theology & social ethics : a new method
African religion : the moral traditions of abundant life
Moral discernment in the Christian life : essays in theological ethics
"Does God's existence make a difference to how we explain morality? Mark C. Murphy critiques the two dominant theistic accounts of morality--natural law theory and divine command theory--and presents a novel third view. He argues that we can value natural facts about humans and their good, while keeping God at the centre of our moral explanations. The characteristic methodology of theistic ethics is to proceed by asking whether there are features of moral norms that can be adequately explained only if we hold that such norms have some sort of theistic foundation. But this methodology, fruitful as it has been, is one-sided. God and Moral Law proceeds not from the side of the moral norms, so to speak, but from the God side of things: what sort of explanatory relationship should we expect between God and moral norms given the existence of the God of orthodox theism? Mark C. Murphy asks whether the conception of God in orthodox theism as an absolutely perfect being militates in favor of a particular view of the explanation of morality by appeal to theistic facts. He puts this methodology to work and shows that, surprisingly, natural law theory and divine command theory fail to offer the sort of explanation of morality that we would expect given the existence of the God of orthodox theism. Drawing on the discussion of a structurally similar problem--that of the relationship between God and the laws of nature--Murphy articulates his new account of the relationship between God and morality, one in which facts about God and facts about nature cooperate in the explanation of moral law."--Publisher's website.
Ethical theories in Islam
Ratzinger's faith : the theology of pope Benedict XVI
The Golden Rule
Creation and covenant : the significance of sexual difference in and for the moral theology of marriage
The Catholic Church, Morality and Politics
Evolution of hope : theological metaethics in the context of evolution
The Catholic moral tradition today : a synthesis
Political affections : civic participation and moral theology
The just war revisited
Paul and virtue ethics : building bridges between New Testament studies and moral theology
