http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9363 qualification
qualification
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
Developing competent teachers : approaches to professional competence in teacher education
Thermometer comparison L12 in the range from -80°C to 400°C : final report
Financing and staffing of education in the Netherlands and Poland
Confidence : overcoming low self-esteem, insecurity, and self-doubt
SOFTWARE PURCHASING PROFESSIONAL : Identifying Competences and Capabilities in Software Purchasing
Competencies at work : providing a common language for talent management
This study examines the possibilities of TKK's international degree students to find a job in Finland after their studies. The main purpose of this study is to improve TKK's cultural communication in terms of work life preparation for international degree students and to analyze their proficiency in the Finnish labour market. The primary research question of this study is: How can the job hunting process for international TKK students be improved? Secondary questions include: What strengths and weaknesses do international employees bring to an organization? How can they use their strengths to convince employers that they are potentially good employees? How can TKK's Career Services for international students be improved?    Altogether 14 persons contributed to this research process - three persons from TKK's personnel, nine international students and two company personnel. The data gathering process was carried out by using structured interviews and online questionnaires. The interviewees from TKK are all involved in the internationalization process at TKK, the students are international students currently studying at TKK and company personnel belongs to companies who are usually contacted by TKK on employment issues. The theoretical framework was based on a handbook of modern communication theory by Crowley & Mitchell. According to the research the Internet is the best means of communicating to students. It is reliable and can be easily updated. Information should be given to the students in a diplomatic and honest manner. It is important to inform them tactfully about their strengths and weaknesses by encouraging them to utilize the former as a benefit for the employer and to see the latter as a challenge that they can learn from. In this way they gain confidence and awareness, which helps them to convince employers of their uniqueness and cultural knowledge, which are things needed for modern companies operating on an international level.
Reforming teaching and learning : comparative perspectives in a global era
The Peter prescription : how to be creative, confident, & competent
Measuring what matters : competency-based learning models in higher education
Abstract: Dental hygienists' contents of work nationally and internationally : literature review.
The professions and services in the European Economic Community
Lawyers in the European Community
From bottom to up : foresight framework in an educational organization competence foresight
Core competencies for healthcare ethics consultation : the report of the American Society for Bioethics and Humanities
Syke proficiency test 9/2007 : organotins from sediment
Transforming knowledge creation on the shop floor with the help of an activity-theory based intervention method
The economics of skills obsolescence : theoretical innovations and empirical applications
Uncertainty of calibration results in force measurements EAL/G22 = (Suositus voiman kalibrointilaboratoriolle kalibroinnin mittausepävarmuuden määrittämisestä)
Note on the proceedins : Committee on Salaried Employees and Professional Workers, tenth session, Geneva 4-12 May, 1994
Change in professional competence : from an export secretary to export assistant
Conpetency Based Education and Training
The Competency casebook : twelve studies in competency-based performance improvement
Metrology of gaseous air pollutants
Recruitment and selection of international degree teachers : case: School X
Competence : examining employee and customer perceptions : case GE Healthcare
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Developing degree programme in tourism in Tampere university of applied sciences : stakeholders' perspective
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
Document for guidance on training and certification of fishing vessel personnel
Role of Gender, Enjoyment, Perceived Competence, and Fundamental Movement Skills as Correlates of the Physical Activity Engagement of Finnish Physical Education Students
Exploring the practice of human resource development as a field of professional expertise
Key competencies for a successful life and a well-functioning society
Educative assessment for/of teacher competency : a study of assessment and learning in the "interactive examination" for student teachers
The substitute teacher as indicator
This thesis examines the development possibilities of the Degree Programme in Tourism (DPT) in Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) from the different stakeholders' perspective. The focus development area is the curriculum of the study programme which is under renewal and will be established in 2013. The aim of the thesis is to produce concrete development ideas from the experiences and opinions of the internal and external stakeholders of TAMK. The internal stakeholders are represented by the students of the DPT, and the external stakeholders are the representatives of the local labour market. The possible cooperation between the stakeholders is investigated in order to bring working life closer to the students and studies and to benefit the local businesses. Primary data was collected from the internal stakeholders with group theme interviews and from the external stakeholders with a semi-structured questionnaire, as well as with a semi-structured élite interview. Secondary data included existing data such as scientific literature, statistics, notes, the Internet, researches and other available publications. In the thesis process, the theories of competencies and qualifications were used as well as the Learning by Developing model of Laurea University of Applied Sciences discovered by benchmarking. The collected and analyzed data revealed the target areas of development. According to the internal stakeholders the improvements should be targeted to the working life relation of the studies; to the quality of education and the course contents; to the guidance received; and to the more practical approach in studies. All these would prepare the students better for the future working life. The external stakeholders stressed that the practical know-how and multidisciplinary skills are the requirements of the working life, and that the attention should be paid to the requirements imposed by the tourism industry trends in the Tampere Region in the DPT studies. The results indicate that mutually beneficial changes to the curriculum and cooperation between the stakeholders can be made, in which case the studies would prepare the students with competencies to meet the qualifications of the working life. According to the writers' of the thesis the working life relation in the studies should be emphasized more and it would also be one area for further research. Key words: Curriculum, developing, DPT, stakeholder, Tampere Region.
Competencies to participate in life
The expression of uncertainty in quantitative testing EAL-G23 = (Suositus kvantitatiivisten testien mittausepävarmuuden esittämisestä)
The player development process among young Finnish soccer players : multidimensional approach
Provningsjämförelse 02/2015 : a-klorofyll, färg, lednindgsförmåga, näringsmäne, pH and grumlighet från naturvatten.
Guidelines on the application of EN 45013 EAC/G4 = (Suositus standardin (SFS-) EN 45013 akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
The Role of Job Descriptions and Competencies in an International Organization       : Case: Foster Wheeler Energia Oy
STCW 1978 : International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978 : with resolutions adopted by the International Conference on Training and Certification of Seafarers, 1978.
Courtroom and report writing skills for social workers
Hitsaus. Osa 4, Hitsaajan pätevyyskokeet = Welding. Part 4, Qualification test of welders
Le système du mérite / The merit system / study group: History of Public Administration ; edited by Sabiono Cassese, Jill Pellew
Fairness and competence in citizen participation : evaluating models for environmental discourse
Interlaboratory proficiency test 02/2015 : a-chlorophyll, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Technological improvement and changes in the global economy are increasing the geographically distributed work in different work areas. Work is coming out of the cubicles to different locations without borders and is depending more on information technology to enable its coordination. Success of distributed work is revealed as working force becomes flexible, innovative, and highly productive. This thesis investigates the coordination of distributed work and how ICT has been developed to improve the efficiency of work from different locations. It also provides new perspectives on current researches and highlights the key issues that require further investigation. How collaboration has progressed from physical to virtual setting is explained by using available literature. It also provides suggestions for betterment of distributed work implementation. The goal is to develop deeper understanding of changing work environment, and role of information communication technology in distributed work. This thesis takes a multidisciplinary approach to study distributed work and organizations, challenges existing in distributed work, and ways to make distributed work more effective. Moreover, this thesis emphasizes on theories of overcoming challenges and finds solutions which are obstacles for its success. It also highlights the increasing demand of knowledge workers, and ways how to create knowledge, share knowledge and use the knowledge for the future. All in all, distributed work is explained as a work style exercising new ways of managing organizations by integrating capabilities, skills, knowledge, and competency of working force. It concludes by offering possible solutions for the problems that could be faced on implementing distributed work.
Management competence : resource-based management and plant performance
International school teacher profiling : a case study of the recruiting system of international schools
Competence systems
Insights into intercultural teaching
Teacher competences in a changing school culture : a comparative analysis of teacher professionalism in England and Finland
In search of translation competence : an experimental study assessing non-professional translation competence into the second language
Interpretation of EN 45001 for fire testing laboratories
EU labour migration in troubled times : skills mismatch, return, and policy responses
Competence development in SMEs
Candidate quality
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 08/2014 : metals and mercury in waters
Competent crews = Safer ships : an aid to understanding STCW 95
Assessment, supervision and support in clinical practice : a quide for nurses, midwives and health professionals
Understanding personnel competencies at HAMK vocational teacher education
Widening identities, developing competences : a pilot program for general pedagogical competence of HE teachers
Preparing the information professional : an agenda for the future
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2013 : radon in ground water
Moderators of competence
Outcomes, learning and the curriculum : implications for NVQs, GNVQs and other qualifications
WorldSkills 2005 Helsinki : 38th WorldSkills competition: final report : 25.05-01.06.2005 = 38. WorldSkills wettbewerb: schlussbericht = 38 ème concours WorldSkills: rapport final
Competencies in dental imaging : systematic literature review
Culture in rehabilitation : from competency to proficiency
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
Clinical effectiveness in practice
Developing HR talent : building a strategic partnership with the business
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Development of a generic competence selection : case Skill BanksTM
The Peter principle
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 4, Hitsaajan pätevyyskokeet = Qualification test of welders
Interlaboratory proficiency test NW 2/2014 : alkalinity, pH, nutrients and conductivity in natural waters
Quality in mechanical testing of metallic materials
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2008 : oil hydrocarbons and volatile organic compounds in water and soil
Evaluation of the Bachelor of Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management programme : graduate experiences
The concept of legal competence : an essay in conceptual analysis
Competences in entrepreneurship nursing
Medical licensing and learning in fourteenth-century Valencia
Accounting certification, educational, & reciprocity requirements : an international guide
Competence mapping : a study of the Information Management Pool at Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Effectiveness of an exercise training program on youth with Asperger syndrome
Helia's business tourism graduates' recruitment and positioning in travel management sector
The Peter principle : why things always go wrong
Occupational forecasts for 1998 for Ireland and their implications for educational qualifications : paper for meeting of CEDEFOP network 'Circle for research cooperation on trends in occupations and qualifications' (CIRETOQ) Marseille, 20 and 21 November 1995
Professional expertise : practice, theory, and education for working in uncertainty
Testing teacher candidates : the role of licensure tests in improving teacher quality
STCW convention comprehensive review : summary of changes affecting IAMU members as a result of the 2010 Manila amendments to the STCW Convention and Code
During the past two decades, a competence approach has gained popularity in education, as a vast amount of educational institutions have been established to provide university level education in those fields that have traditionally relied on vocational education, such as the hospitality and tourism industry. The competency approach is centred on the development of the specific qualities that the industry expects from graduates. Haaga Institute Polytechnic has been running an English Bachelor level degree programme in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management.  Its aim has been to develop competent managers for the hospitality and tourism industry. The Programme has been running for over 10 years, and since its establishment there has not been research conducted to evaluate how successful it has been. This research was set up to find out whether Haaga Institute's Bachelor programme has been successful in identifying and developing the core competencies that are needed by the managers in the hospitality industry.    To find the answer to the research problem, a quantitative research was conducted. The Bachelor Programme graduates were asked to participate.  Data was collected from 15 respondents. The findings indicated that Haaga Institute's Bachelor curriculum has identified the core competences that are needed by managers in the hospitality industry, and that most of the competencies had been well developed during Haaga Institute's education.  Due to the low response rate, the findings cannot be considered definitive, but more as suggestive development ideas.  Though they are only suggestive development ideas, the research suggests that further investigation be done on the core competencies that were considered not as well developed as others.  It also suggests that another, similar research be conducted including both the Finnish and the English degree programmes.
Proficiency test SYKE 4/2013 : metals in waters and sediment
Professional knowledge and professional practice
Exploring futures in initial teacher education : changing key for changing times
A question of belief
The handbook of competency mapping : understanding, designing and implementing competency models in organizations
Talking internationalization : development of cultural means at TKK
Competence evaluation tools
Comparison of standards with requirements on calibration and testing laboratories
Social competences in vocational and continuing education
Evaluating clinical competence in the health professions
Recognition of foreign teaching qualifications in Finland
Evaluation of manager competencies : an international comparative analysis
Accreditation of inspection bodies : guidelines on the application of EN 45004 = (Suositus standardin (SFS)-EN 45004 akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
ESCO : European classification of skills/competences, qualifications and occupations
Accreditation for medical laboratories EAL-G25 = (Suositus kliinisten laboratorioiden akkreditoinnista)
Comments to the Eurolab working document on quality systems
Health care and nursing practice is under constant evolution and changes need to be made to respond to this. The health care system in Finland as well as the citizens using it are changing. The government is already forced to buy more and more services from the private sector. This is due to the competitiveness that the continuous labour shortage has presented and due to the demands that the private sector and its usage have brought to the industry. Both the shortage and buying services are about to increase due to aging of the post Second World War generation and the evergrowing average age. Therefore the career opportunities are going to grow for nurse entrepreneurs and a definite need for them will be presented in the future. This is why it is important to initiate change not only in the healthcare system, but also in the educational system, bringing forth a new perspective on the future trend of nursing. An upcoming future trend will also be connecting the hospitality industry to nursing.  The aim of this research is to identify the most important competences in entrepreneurship nursing. Furthermore the study intends to determine what competences nurses value as important in order to act as entrepreneurs. Therefore the following research problem has been set: what are the competences nursing professionals believe to be most important to be nurse entrepreneurs? The objectives of this study are to produce knowledge for the healthcare industry on nurse entrepreneurship and the competences necessary to succeed in this field. For this purpose, a framework was designed on the basis of the literature review and was tested within the empirical part of this research.   This research was conducted quantitatively through the means of questionnaires. The questionnaire was designed based on the information received from the literature. A sample group of 30 Finnish active nurse entrepreneurs was selected for the survey. The data received from the respondents was analysed with the statistical programme SPSS. The analysis was conducted in three stages, in order to present the background of the respondents, to assess the perceived importance of the competences and to test the set hypotheses in this research.    Even though the original framework introduced in the literature review did not turn out to be accurate, the hypotheses however were found valid, except for one. Overall, the research was successful proving that the competences chosen and listed in the study were all seen as appropriate and important in becoming a nurse entrepreneur. All of the competences were seen to be important although the order of them changed during the study. The aim of the research was to provide knowledge to the health care industry on what is important in becoming a nurse entrepreneur in order to identify the factors and use the knowledge to support future nurse entrepreneurship, which as was stated in the introduction is a growing trend. A training programme for nurse entrepreneurship would according to the study be both necessary and successful should one be designed.
Accreditation for laboratories performing microbiological testing EAL-G18 = (Suositus mikrobiologista testausta suorittavien laboratorioiden akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
European glossary on education. Vol. 1, Examinations, qualifications and titles
The competent manager : a model for effective performance
Summaries.
Validity, legitimacy, and revolution
Do it like a woman : ... and change the world
The changing work environment and role of ICT in distributed work
Professional orientations and competences of teachers in a school and community context : social participation in the process of community education
Conditions of work and employment of professional workers : compendium of principles and good practices
Guidance on the application of EN 45001 and ISO/IEC guide 25 to electromagnetic compatability (EMC) testing EAL-G27 = (Suositus EMC-testausta suorittavien laboratorioiden akkreditointivaatimusten täyttämisestä)
APL : equal opportunities for all?
Examination of Goal Orientation, Sense of Coherence, and Motivational Climate as predictors of Perceived Physical Competence
Compentence in social work practice : a practical guide for professionals
A Period abroad : Does it produce any additional value to business studies at North Karelia Polytechnic?
What every special educator must know : the international standards for the preparation and certification of special education teachers
The developing role of the radiographer : issues affecting the future curriculum
Competence foresight : concept of the future
Getting your S/NVQ : a guide for candidates in the information and library sector
Handbook of competence and motivation
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
The antecedents of management competence : the role of educational background and type of work experience
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Teachers' qualities from principal's point of view
Syke proficiency test 4/2008 : leading testing of a solid waste : the one stage and the two stage batch leaching test
Graduate employment : career expectations of University of Jyväskylä students in languages
Professional development schools : schools for developing a profession
Occupational therapy essentials for clinical competence
Summary (s. 7-8).
Motor skills of young adults with Asperger syndrome: A comparative study
"Building on the foundation of the first edition, Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence, Second Edition continues to be unique in format by using the new 2011 ACOTE Standards as a blueprint to intricately outline a plan of action for the current practice of occupational therapy. Occupation, theory-driven, evidence-based, and client-centered practice continue to be the core of the profession and is the central focus of the Second Edition of Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence. Dr. Karen Jacobs, Nancy MacRae, and Dr. Karen Sladyk, along with more than 60 contributors, have assigned each chapter an ACOTE Standard and all ACOTE Standards are addressed throughout this forward-thinking and comprehensive new Second Edition. Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence, Second Edition introduces every topic necessary for competence as an entry-level practitioner. Varied perspectives are provided in each chapter with consistent references made to the relevance of certified occupational therapy assistant roles and responsibilities. Inside Occupational Therapy Essentials for Clinical Competence, each chapter has been strengthened with up-to-date evidence-based information. The Second Edition continues to have student and faculty activities, evidence-based charts, multiple-choice questions, and PowerPoint presentations. Appendices also provide relevant information in an easily accessible manner. "--Provided by publisher.
Failing teachers?
Human Resource Development in Multinational Corporations in Tanzania
Accountability in nursing and midwifery
Schooling in the workplace : how six of the world's best vocational education systems prepare young people for jobs and life
Development of student generation Y : case HAMK University of Applied Sciences, International Business Programme
