http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9361 point of view
point of view
Blown for good : behind the iron curtain of Scientology
Henrik Rylander : public loudspeakers : information & disinformation / Henrik Rylander
Joyful, quirky and heartwarming, this is the story of a girl who becomes a world-famous chef, told by those who love her, envy her, and never forget her
D-Day in history and memory : the Normandy landings in international remembrance and commemoration
A tale of two beasts
Sheltering : a novel
Point of view in two Agatha Christie novels : a comparison with the TV adaptations
On Goldman
Feminist perspectives on peace and peace education
Basics creative photography. 02, Context and narrative
Photography, vision and the production of modern bodies / Suren Lalvani
Pope Marcellus mass : an authoritative score : backgrounds and sources : history and analysis : views and comments
Miss Carter's war
Ethnic conflict : causes, consequences, and responses
The architecture of drama : plot, character, theme, genre, and style
Fields of blood : religion and the history of violence
The value controversy in sociology
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
Library cat : the observations of a thinking cat
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
Institutions and systems in the geography of innovation
The narrative secret of Flannery O'Connor : the trickster as interpreter
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Vonnegut's duty-dance with death : theme and structure in Slaughterhouse-Five
The valley of amazement
Where is China going? : new challenges and perspectives of China
Wrestling with God = En lucha con Dios = Ringen mit Gott
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
The festival of insignificance : a novel
Legend of a suicide
D-Day through French eyes : Normandy 1944
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Run, Lily, run
Dirty diaries : 12 shorts of feminist porn
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
D.H. Lawrence and narrative viewpoint
The power of perspective: points of view in King Lear and A thousand acres
Naturalism and the first-person perspective
Fact and fiction in narrative : an interdisciplinary approach
The long, hot Summer
The midnight watch
Language, ideology and point of view
Some observations concerning pupils' views on mathematics teaching in Finland and Tatarstan (Russia)
Women, work and computerization: charting a course to the future : IFIP TC WG9.1 Seventh International Conference on Women, Work and Computerization, June 8-11, 2000, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
The bloke's guide to pregnancy
All involved : a novel
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Resource and environmental management in Canada : addressing conflict and uncertainty
Helene Schjerfbeck as a national artist genius / Marja-Terttu Kivirinta
Seeing from above : the aerial view in visual culture
The plague dogs
The trouble with goats and sheep
The Second World War : a Marxist history
I hate Christmas : a manifesto for the modern-day Scrooge
Getting colder
China 2.0 : the transformation of an emerging superpower ... and the new opportunities
Point of view in plays : a cognitive stylistic approach to viewpoint in drama and other text-types
No good men among the living : America, the Taliban, and the war through Afghan eyes
Observing organisations : anxiety, defence and culture in health care
The good girl
Depressive realism : interdisciplinary perspectives
"The art world is booming. Museums are not mere containers of artifacts anymore, they are full blown experience centers and carry the ultimate prestige brand. The novelty in thinking and approaching challenges in the art world is magnified for business readers"--Provided by publisher.
Cleopatra's shadows
Brief interviews with hideous men
And the mountains echoed
The constant soldier
Morel tales, the culture of mushrooming
Quantum mechanics : scientific perspectives on divine action
Blood, bread, and poetry : selected prose 1979-1985
The postmistress
The voice of a journalist in character portraits - featured in Tatler and Harper's & Queen
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 1, issues 1-10
Our stories, our visions : 40 of the world's most influential women, 40 of their most intimate interviews, 40 poweful voices fighting for change
When Lars Thorvald's wife, Cynthia, falls in love with wine -- and a dashing sommelier -- he's left to raise their baby, Eva, on his own. He's determined to pass on his love of food to his daughter -- starting with puréed pork shoulder. As Eva grows, she finds her solace and salvation in the flavors of her native Minnesota. From Scandinavian lutefisk to hydroponic chocolate habaneros, each ingredient represents one part of Eva's journey as she becomes the star chef behind a legendary and secretive pop-up supper club, culminating in an opulent and emotional feast that's a testament to her spirit and resilience. Each chapter in J. Ryan Stradal's debut tells the story of a single dish and character, at once capturing the zeitgeist of the Midwest, the rise of foodie culture, and delving into the ways food creates community and a sense of identity. Kitchens of the Great Midwest is also an unexpected mother-daughter story about the bittersweet nature of life -- its missed opportunities and its joyful surprises.
Youth football coaching development from an organizational point of view
Summary.
Strange voices in narrative fiction
Oliver : the cat who saved Christmas
Children, power and schooling : how childhood is structured in the primary school
Types of female gaze in two Marian Keyes' novels
"Today I'm five" : child narrators engaging adult readers in Room and The night rainbows
Regional innovation systems : the role of covernance in a globalized world
Toward sustainable science : a buddhist look at trends in scientific development
The Americans : a novel
Reference modeling for high value added mobile services
Ulysses : [a reader's edition]
The beauty and the sorrow : an intimate history of the First World War
Describing the experiences of twenty ordinary people from around the world, all now unknown, this title explores the everyday aspects of war: not only the tragedy and horror, but also the absurdity, monotony and even beauty.
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 2, issues 11-18
Alfie the doorstep cat
Three sisters
Stakeholders' perspective on opportunities and challenges of medicines information to consumers in Finland
Kitchens of the great Midwest
Only Fish Fall from the Sky
About Grace
Sparrow Hill Road
Unglued : making wise choices in the midst of raw emotions
"Satan still in gaze" : Satan's point of view in Eve's representation in Milton's Paradise lost
Multiple forms of stakeholder interaction in environmental management: business arguments regarding differences in stakeholder relationships
Scientology : abuse at the top
Count your blessings : the healing power of gratitude and love
The summer we fell apart : a novel
Gender approach in social research
Sports coaching cultures : from practice to theory
Ulysses
Customer is CEO : how to measure what your customers want - and make sure they get it
Everything we know is wrong : the trendspotter's handbook / Magnus Lindkvist
The child's view of the Third Reich in German literature
Sunrise to sunset : an anthology of summer reading
The golden crossroads : multidisciplinary findings for business success from the worlds of fine arts, design and culture
Social psychology in sport
Thomas Nagel
A handbook of critical approaches to literature
Happy are the happy
Management education in a historical perspective:the business school question and its solution in Finland
Birth of the chess queen : a history
English summary: Hypotheses on the contradictions and developmental zone of social work.
The voyeuristic and the oppositional gaze in two novels by P.D. James
