http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9360 male perspective
male perspective male point of view
Council for Gender Equality : the history of work with men 1988-2006
You, me & other people
Rhett Butler's people
When the doves disappeared
The bloke's guide to pregnancy
Brief interviews with hideous men
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
About Grace
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 1, issues 1-10
There but for the
Finnish summary.
Cross-gendered literary voices : appropriating, resisting, embracing
"This book investigates male writers' use of female voices and female writers' use of male voices in literature and theatre from the 1850s to the present, examining where, how and why such gendered crossings occur and what connections may be found between these crossings and specific psychological, social, historical and political contexts"--
Imagine you give a dinner party and a friend of a friend brings a stranger to your house as his guest. He seems pleasant enough. Imagine that this stranger goes upstairs halfway through the dinner party and locks himself in one of your bedrooms and won't come out. Imagine you can't move him for days, weeks, months. If ever. This is what Miles does, in a chichi house in the historic borough of Greenwich, in the year 2009-10, in "There but for the". Who is Miles, then? And what does it mean, exactly, to live with other people? Sharply satirical and sharply compassionate, with an eye to the meanings of the smallest of words and the slightest of resonances, "There but for the" fuses disparate perspectives in a crucially communal expression of identity and explores our very human attempts to navigate between despair and hope, enormity and intimacy, cliche and grace. Ali Smith's dazzling new novel is a funny, moving book about time, memory, thought, presence, quietness in a noisy time, and the importance of hearing ourselves think.
European perspectives on men and masculinities : national and transnational approaches
Malady, diagnosis and recovery in F. Scott Fitzgerald's Tender is the night
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 2, issues 11-18
Everything I don't remember
