http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9364 suitability
suitability applicability
Abstract.
Microbial infection in dental root canal induces an inflammatory reaction called apical periodontitis. In post-treament disease, Enterococcus faecalis is the most commonly found organism, which may survive well in root canal despite calcium hydroxide paste medication. In these cases, effective irrigation or repeated chlorhexidine medication are recommended. New medications with long-lasting antimicrobial activity are needed for the treatment of persistent root canal infections. 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA) is a protein fermentation product of lactobacilli and few other bacterial or fungal species express enzymes required for its metabolism. However, mammalian cells can metabolise it and use it for protein production. It is known to be well-tolerated by humans and have anti-inflammatory properties as well. Therefore, the hypothesis was that it affects microbe-specific metabolic pathways and have potential as a novel antimicrobial agent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antibacterial and antifungal spectrum of HICA using in vitro microdilution methods for susceptibility testing and an ex vivo extracted tooth root canal infection-model. The impact of dentine on the antimicrobial activity of HICA was also evaluated. The results showed that HICA has broad-spectrum bactericidal activity for gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. It is also fungicidal for several fungal species and it is only marginally inactivated by clinically-relevant concentrations of dentine. It is at least as active against E. faecalis as presently-used interappointment medications in infected root canals after a seven-day incubation ex vivo. Since HICA has a broad-spectrum and long-term antimicrobial activity as well as an anti-inflammatory effect, it may be a useful new agent for clinical endodontology. However, controlled clinical studies are needed for evaluation of the efficacy of HICA in clinical conditions.
Social competence in nursing student selections
A test to pass or a tool for growth? : evaluating the usefulness of the psychological assessment of ministerial aspirants
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Ice architecture
Ability testing : uses, consequences, and controversies. Part 2, Documentation section
Standardized minds : the high price of America's testing culture and what we can do to change it
Recall and reproduction as an aptitude test for interpreting
Recruitment and selection : a framework for success
Recruiting Trainees : a Case Study on Regional Offices in Brussels
Ultimate aptitude tests : assess and develop your potential with numerical, verbal and abstract tests
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Search for genetic variants underlying musical aptitude and related traits
Evaluation of performance of tree-level biomass models for forestry modeling and analyses
Personnel selection : adding value through people
English summary: Early identification of a future teacher: on assessment of apitude for teaching.
Personality and intelligence at work : exploring and explaining individual differences at work
The applicability of StarPro2000 digital signal processor in third generation base stations
Creative computer aided architectural design : an internal approach to the design process
Psychological testing at work : how to use, interpret, and get the most out of the newest tests in personality, learning style, aptitudes, interests, and more!
The Selection Tests Web Application
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Feasibility Study on Hainan Project - Case Study for Licon (Holdings) Limited
How to pass graduate psychometric tests
Handbook of good practice in personnel assessment
The Competency casebook : twelve studies in competency-based performance improvement
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers : application of spatial-based statistical modelling
Ability testing : uses, consequences, and controversies. Part 1, Report of the committee
International handbook of research on teachers and teaching
It takes a genome : how a clash between our genes and modern life is making us sick
Aptitude for interpreting
Summary in Swedish (s. 76- 86).
Abstract in english.
The cult of personality testing : how personality tests are leading us to miseducate our children, mismanage our companies, and misunderstand ourselves
The theory and practice of systematic personnel selection
Geological aspects of aggregate production : evaluation of aggregate potential in southern central Finland
Construction and validation of a work personality inventory
Investigations into geographical data quality = Kvalitet i geografiske data
Do Key Skills enhance learning? : a constructivist approach to Key Skills with an emphasis on foreign language learning
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a well-established imaging modality for disorders of the musculoskeletal system. The distinguishing advantages of MRI are absence of ionizing radiation, excellent tissue contrast and the ability to use any arbitrary imaging plane. MRI can also be used as a guidance method for various percutaneous procedures.The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of MRI guidance for musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings. A 0.23 tesla open configuration MRI scanner with an interventional optical guidance system was used.172 percutaneous biopsies performed using MRI guidance were reviewed to define the safety and accuracy of the guidance method. The value of fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) as a supplementary diagnostic procedure for core biopsy was also evaluated. The overall diagnostic accuracy of MRI-guided biopsy was 0.95, sensitivity 0.91, and speciﬁcity 0.98. The diagnostic accuracy of histological biopsy alone was 0.93, sensitivity 0.89, and speciﬁcity 0.98, and accuracy for FNAB alone was 0.85, sensitivity 0.80, and speciﬁcity 0.90. MRI guidance was deemed feasible and accurate and fine needle biopsy a useful supplement.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the knee were evaluated by analysing ten procedures. All the lesions were successfully located and reached without complications. All patients experienced pain alleviation and follow-up MRI showed ossification in all.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the talus were assessed by evaluating four procedures. Technical success was achieved in all cases and no complications were reported. All patients experienced some clinical benefit, although the changes in the pathological imaging findings were subtle.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guide d core decompression for avascular necrosis of the femoral head were assessed by analysing twelve such procedures. The patients quantified their symptoms before and after the procedure. All procedures were successful without complications. All patients with low-stage disease benefited from the procedure. MRI guidance seems accurate, safe and technically feasible for the therapeutic bone drillings studied.
How to pass selection tests : essential preparation for numerical, verbal, clerical and IT tests
International handbook of selection and assessment
Usability evaluation of a financial benchmarking tool : case Domino
The Blackwell handbook of personnel selection
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
Homepage usability : 50 websites deconstructed
A cooperative usability evaluation of the Domino software
Restoration of degraded dry semideciduous forest ecosystems in Ghana : effects of African mahogony species on soil chemistry, tree diversity and the application of leaf morphometrics for provisional seed zonation
Northern science for northern society : building economic self-reliance
Antimicrobial activity and suitability of 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid for the treatment of root canal infections
Intelligence and abilities
Suitability in nursing : a concept analysis
Ultimate aptitude tests : assess and develop your potential with numerical, verbal and abstracts tests
The scientific foundation of forestry as exemplified chiefly by Forest Research Work in Suomi
Qualitative evaluation and research methods
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings
Rivers create unique habitat for aquatic life and provide ecosystem services for humans. Thus, degradation of river water quality is a serious, global problem. Water quality is the outcome of anthropogenic and natural landscape factors and the interaction of these two. To improve water quality, robust and quick methods are needed to study the complex, spatio-temporally dependent relation between water quality and environment conditions across extensive areas.This thesis aimed to study the relationship between water quality (total phosphorus and nitrogen, pH, water colour and dissolved oxygen) and environmental factors in boreal rivers combining grid-based data and statistical methods. The study comprised of 34 Finnish rivers with their catchments. First, the effect of natural and human-induced environmental factors on water quality was studied.Then, (a) the ability of the characteristics of different spatial scales around the river channel and under different discharge conditions to predict water quality was explored and (b) the suitability of the applied statistical methods (generalized linear and additive models, partitioning methods, non-metric multidimensional scaling) in water quality studies was evaluated.As expected, the results highlighted the impact of agricultural activities on water quality as nutrients and pH increased, together with the cover of agricultural activities. However, when studied as a group, natural factors explained water quality better than land use/cover. Lakes were strongly related to decreased nutrients and water colour. The effect of fine-grained soils on nutrients and pH was positive. In the scale studies, nutrients and water colour were best explained by the characteristics of the entire catchment but pH was mostly predicted by the characteristics of the 50 m riparian zone.The connection between water quality and environment was str ongest during high-flow discharge periods.The results encourage the use of the applied methods, showing that the combination of grid-based data and advanced statistical methods provide an efficient first-filter estimate of water quality-environment relations. Spatial-based statistical modelling provides a crucial framework for river, water resources and land use management. The applied methods can also be seen as essential tools when predicting the impacts of global change on water quality.
Financial support and risks related to exporting to Russia : case study
Rorschach assessment of adolescents: theory, research, and practice
Standardizing land cover mapping for tsetse and trypanosomiasis decision making
Assessment and selection in organizations : methods and practice for recruitment and appraisal
Social work education in Europe
Personnel selection and development
Ultimate psychometric tests : over 1,000 verbal, numerical, diagrammatic and IQ practice tests
Evaluating the appropriate scope of accounting information by using the integrated contingency theory framework
Nine types of controller : the role of business controller in the light of the enneagram theory
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Rootstocks for Decidous Fruit Tree Species : Zaragoza, Spain, June 11-14 2002.. Vol. 2
How to master psychometric tests
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Rootstocks for Decidous Fruit Tree Species : Zaragoza, Spain, June 11-14 2002
Cracking the GRE
Genomics approaches to study music perception and performance
