http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p937 Coptic Church
Coptic Church
Controlling the body to liberate the soul : towards an analysis of the Coptic Orthodox concept of the body
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 7, Qal'-Zost
The treasures of Coptic art in the Coptic Museum and churches of old Cairo
Introduction to the Coptic Orthodox Church
Among the Copts
Gnosticism and Christianity in Roman and Coptic Egypt
Contemporary Coptic nuns
The Red Monastery church : beauty and asceticism in upper Egypt
Coptic Egypt : the Christians of the Nile
The Copts and the West, 1439-1822 : the European discovery of the Egyptian church
Coptic Egypt : the christians of the Nile
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 2, Abab-Azar
Coptic perspectives on late antiquity
Orthodox prayer life : the interior way
Christianity in the land of the pharaohs : the Coptic Orthodox Church
Christ in the Eucharist : al-Masīḥ fī sirr al-Afkhāristiyā
Ethiopian Christian liturgical chant : an anthology. Volume 3, History of Ethiopian chant
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 6, Muha-Pulp
Coptic monasteries : Egypt's monastic art and architecture
The Agpeya, being the Coptic Orthodox book of hours according to the present-day usage in the Church of Alexandria
Christians in Egypt : Orthodox, Catholic, and Protestant communities, past and present
Christ's resurrection in Ethiopian painting
The historic Coptic churches of Cairo
Ethiopian Christian liturgical chant : an anthology. Volume 1, General introduction : dictionaries of notational signs
Churches in lower Nubia
Sacrifice in the desert : a study of an Egyptian minority through the prism of Coptic monasticism
Languages and cultures of Eastern Christianity : Ethiopian
Enoch and Qumran origins : new light on a forgotten connection
Ethiopian church : treasures & faith
Eastern crossroads : essays on Medieval Christian legacy
Christianity and monasticism in upper Egypt. Volume 2, Nag Hammadi-Esna
Coptic studies on the threshold of a new millennium : proceedings of the Seventh International Congress of Coptic Studies, Leiden, August 27-September 2, 2000
The Blackwell companion to Eastern Christianity
Early Egyptian Christianity : from its origins to 451 C.E
Historical dictionary of the Coptic Church
The ancient Coptic churches of Egypt
Christians in Muslim Egypt : an historical study of the relations between Copts and Muslims from 640 to 1922
Ethiopian Christian liturgical chant : an anthology. Volume 2, Performance practice : the liturgical portions
Female monks have been discussed within the spheres of socio-history, theology, and literary analysis, but no comprehensive study has focused on their historical and gendered context until now. This book reexamines their hagiographies to reveal that female protagonists possess a holy womanhood regardless of having layers of masculinity applied to their characters. Each masculine layer is scrutinized to explore its purpose in the plots and the plausible motivations for the utilization of transvestite figures in religious literature. Hagiographers had no intention of transforming their religious protagonists into anything but determined, holy women who are forced to act drastically in order to sustain ascetic dreams begun while mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters. Through an intertextual method, masculinity and literary themes work to contextualize praise for a holy womanhood within an acceptable gendered language, which seems to support a belief in the spiritual potential of women. This book highlights the potential for complex irony to develop around a female transvestite, which supplies religious tales with intrigue and interest, an ability to instruct/chastise mixed audiences, and a potential to portray the reversal inherent in the human drama of salvation.
Motherland lost : the Egyptian and Coptic quest for modernity
Removing masculine layers to reveal a holy womanhood : the female transvestite monks of late antique Eastern Christianity
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 3, Cros-Ethi
Coptic textiles
The Coptic Orthodox liturgy of St. Basil : with complete musical transcription
Coptic Egypt : impacting world peace
Prayers from the East : traditions of Eastern Christianity
Coptic saints and pilgrimages
Icons of the Nile Valley
The world of early Egyptian Christianity : language, literature, and social context : essays in honor of David W. Johnson
Images as messengers of Coptic identity : an example from contemporary Egypt
Politics, monasticism, and miracles in sixth century Upper Egypt : a critical edition and translation of the Coptic texts on Abraham of Farshut
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 8, Maps, appendix, index
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 4, Ethi-John
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 5, John-Mufa
Christians versus Muslims in modern Egypt : the century-long struggle for Coptic equality
The Holy Pascha : being the liturgies of the Holy Week of Pascha according to the current usage in The Church of Alexandria
The Copts through the ages
Two thousand years of Coptic Christianity
Traditional Egyptian christianity : A history of the coptic orthodox church
Coptology: past, present, and future : studies in honour of Rodolphe Kasser
Martys and martydom in the coptic church
The Coptic encyclopedia. Volume 1, Babi-Cros
The early Coptic papacy : the Egyptian church and its leadership in late antiquity
Lazarus Saturday and The Feast of the Entry of our Lord into Jerusalem
The church of the East : an illustrated history of Assyrian Christianity
Martyr and apostate : Victor son of Romanos and Diocletian : a case of intertextuality in Coptic religious memory
Between desert and city : the Coptic Orthodox Church today
The Nag Hammadi library in English
Coptic Christology in practice : incarnation and divine participation in late antique and medieval Egypt
Coptic Egypt : history and guide
