http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9371 compatibility
compatibility
Apache : the definitive guide
"Tasting Wine and Cheese explains how to taste, evaluate and appreciate wine and cheese, helping you learn how 'taste' works, how to think about food and wine in general, and how to bring them together in combinations that will bring a smile to your face! But, learning is only half the fun. Tasting Wine and Cheese accompanies you on a tasty safari into pairing principles through individual chapters that highlight wines and the cheeses that love them. Each chapter (sparkling, white, red and dessert/fortified) presents individual wine types in a clear, informative way that is at once an excellent reference and entertaining. Simply look up the grape you're drinking that night, and a wealth of pairing information is at your fingertips. There's even a chapter on using condiments in your pairings to add another layer of flavor to your combinations,"--Amazon.com.
NetHawk Clock Source
Samba : Integrating UNIX and Windows
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 1 : Overview of immunity tests . Basic EMC publication (IEC 1000-4-1 : 1992)
The trans-European transport network : transforming a patchwork into a network
Abstract: Compatibility Heuristics for Modern Mobile Games : Mobile games, Game testing. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate ways to perform a compatibility test for a modern mobile game. These tests were performed by running a tastephone midlet to the mobile handset to determine its characteristics and the equivalent implementation. Compatibility check test was also aimed to help a specified mobile game application to run successfully into a mobile phone. Compatibility heuristics for modern mobile games was also designed to study the factors that should be considered before integrating mobile games to mobile handsets. These applications are identified to determine optimal reliability and to utilize defect counts to the respective devices. This document also discusses on identifying the criteria for determining compliance of a mobile phone with the specification of the game application. The test case for this document outlines practices for testing a managed game application or component for compatibility with newer and older mobile handset versions. It covers different configurations you should test to ensure that the application continues to run properly and successfully. It also discusses features of a good mobile game. The result of the test case was to determine whether a game fully runs as proclaimed to function with a particular mobile component. The results also indicate the game compliance to a mobile phone to uncover flawed hardware and application programming interfaces combinations that decrease the game's ability to function properly.
Copyleft : the economics of Linux and other open source software
"A collection of articles and excerpts on the various aspects of wine, written by a variety of authorities on the subject."
Essays in the economics of compatibility and intellectual property rights
Controlling radiated emissions by design
Ageing of population in many countries brings many challenges to researchers and opens new research fields. The number of systems and applications that affect to human living is enormously huge, and more are to come. Among the challenges that are subjects of research domains relevant to Ambient Assisted Living (AAL), interoperability between the systems is one of the most important. Regardless of a great number of implementations of Smart Homes – home platforms and solutions, developed in research circles and available on markets – and the fact that the interoperability aspects were addressed in a number of ways during the last decades, real-world solutions are still well fragmented. In addition, they may contain proprietary elements, and require relatively high development effort to achieve interoperability. Those are limiting factors that affect the appearance of new AAL services. The research objectives of this Master’s theses are the following: to research a state-of-the art service provisioning; to define relevant notions, to specify appropriate details and to identify best practices; and to propose a concept of service provisioning that is independent on existing AAL systems. The research boundaries of this work are determined by the AAL services domain, where stakeholders assist an independent living of domestic users by maintaining a high quality of their lives. An extensive theoretical research on all relevant aspects as well as practical experiments, including a user-driven research, an early inclusion, and field trials were performed. The proposed Decentralised Service Architecture and the refined Smart Living concepts are the major outcomes of the work. The idea of the architecture is to abstract whenever it is possible from the low-level technical interoperability to knowledge-based interoperability via such a high-level medium as the Web, using the Linked Data approach – in order to facilitate the minimum or no development effort for service provisioning. The HoviMestari system is utilising the Decentralised Service Architecture framework that is designed based on needs of elderly people. Some aspects of human living, such as education, work, cultural and social life, range beyond those living environments where Smart Homes operate. The concept of Smart Living is better suitable since it essentially assumes all the aspects of human living being affected with technologies. Technological challenges are similar regardless of a smart space and its domain. Understanding that may bring to a development of generic, unified solutions that could be reusable across smart spaces and domains.
As the constantly changing workload has been a problem in the TCC Nokia OTA, EMC and SAR type approval laboratory, there is a need to evolve the training process of a new employee and to re-think the division of tasks within the laboratory This thesis explains the meaning of and the reason for OTA, EMC and SAR measurements. Also the purpose and advantages of the international standard ISO/IEC 17025 are discussed briefly. The research section goes through the testing procedure i.e. actions before the testing, the testing itself and finally the actions after testing. The goal is to clarify how to organize the training process in a rational way and how the tasks in the laboratory should be divided among the employees. The research was carried out by observing the laboratory personnel in their work and by interviewing them. In addition to that, also studying the international standard ISO/IEC 17025 and the working instructions produced by the employees of each testing area had a major role in the research. As outcome, there is a rough plan how the tasks in the laboratory could be divided to get the efficiency and quality optimized and a plan to organize an efficient training for a new employee. The point in the task division is to make the test operators do the simplest and repetitive tasks and thereby relieve time for the test engineers and test system managers to concentrate on their own tasks. The test operators training should start with a short introduction to the organization and the testing areas, and finally to the testing equipment. The training for running the measurements should be made one test at a time, from the beginning to the end. Naturally, the most efficient way would be to start the training from the easiest test, but it would be difficult to organize, so the training follows the ongoing testing. Other actions related to testing, making reports, daily checks and calibrations, can be trained when ever they are considered to be needed.
Distributed system architectures, standardization, and web-service solutions in precision agriculture
Making artisan chocolates : flavor-infused chocolates, truffles, and confections
Automated video monitoring of equipment under test for electromagnetic compatibility radiated immunity test
Abstract: EMC design in product and certification process.
A modular test method for chargers against compliance test limits
Environmental barriers, person-environment fit and mortality among community-dwelling very old people
Tasting wine & cheese : an insider's guide to mastering the principles of pairing
Combining Lean thinking and Agile Software Development : how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
HSR-COMET : intermodal connection of HSR terminals in metropolitan areas
Electromagnetic compatilbility (EMC): Part 4: Testing and measurement techniques : Section 7: General guide on harmonics and interharmonics measurements and instrumentation, for power supply systems and equipment connected thereto (IEC 1000-4-7 : 1991)
A wireless LAN EMC test solution development for mobile devices
The Guide to the EMC directive 89/336/EEC
Scheduling dynamic dataflow graphs with model checking
Line managers and family-friendly employment : roles and perspectives
Balancing employment and family life : the role of employers : proceedings of the international symposium
Work-life integration : case studies of organisational change
Class-D speaker amplifier EMC requirements
A novel method for hazard rate estimates of the second level interconnections in infrastructure electronics
EMC shielding
Let me tell you about wine
Equipment for general lighting purposes : EMC immunity requirements
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase), (IEC 61000-3-2:2005/A2:2009)
Invisible costs in information system service delivery with offshore resources
Verification of numerical modeling of EMC problems in printed wiring board design
Users voices : participative design and living lab approach in LILY
Study on the Conductivity of Coated Steel Plate
TETRA : the advocate's handbook
Testing for EMC compliance : approaches and techniques
The associations of student temperament type, gender and teacher temperament type with adolescent well-being in school
Trilogy of magnetics : design guide for EMI filter design, SMPS & RF circuits
Abstract: Administration of EMC standards and regulations.
Adapting PCs for disabilities
Color harmony : a guide to creative color combinations
The investigation of Embedded System Electromagnetic Radiation by using Automatic Near-Field Measurements
Running around in circles : coordinating childcare, education and work
Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 7 : Guide général aux mesures d'harmoniques et d'interharmoniques, ainsi qu'à l'appareillage de mesur, applicable aux réseaux d'alimentation et aux appareils qui y sont raccordés = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 7 : General guide on harmonics and interharmonics measurements and instrumentation, for power supply systems and equipment connected thereto
EMI troubleshooting techniques
EMI control methods and techniques
EMC and the printed circuit board : design, theory, and layout made simple
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase)
GAMP 5 : a risk-based approach to compliant GxP computerized systems
EMC for product designers
Electromagnetic compatibility of a control system : EMC protection of Azimuth thruster control systems
The ultimate wine companion : the complete guide to understanding wine by the world's foremost wine authorities
Interference-free electronics : design and applications : the design and use of interference-free systems and printed circuit boards within industrial process automation and the utilities industry
Bluetooth interoperability : mobile phone user's perspective
EMC for systems and installations
Women, work and care of the elderly
Platform compatibility issues in mobile learning
Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 4 : Essais  d'immunité aux transitoires électriques rapides en salves: : Publication fondamentale en CEM = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 4 : Electrical fast transient/burst immunity test : Basic EMC publication
Beer, food, and flavor : a guide to tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) = Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase) = Limites - Limites ppour les émissions de courant harmonique (courant appelé par les appareils ≤ 16A par phase)
Sähkömagneettinen yhteensopivuus : ISDN päätelaitteet : häiriönsieto = Elektromagnetisk kompatibilitet : fordringar på terminalutrustning för digitalt flertjänstnät (ISDN) : immunitet = Electromagnetic compatibility requirements for ISDN terminal equipment : part 2. Immunity requirements
Metadata for digital resources : implementation, systems design and interoperability
Nordic SR-Net : communication between different systems : final report from the project
EMC for printed circuit boards
Application Compatibility Testing in Windows XP SP2
Electromagnetic interference and compatibiblity. 3, EMI control methods and techniques
EMI Troubleshooting cookbook for product designers
Interoperability testing handbook
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 1-5, General - High power electromagnetic (HPEM) effects on civil systems
Beer, food, and flavor : tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
A concept of services delivery to modern households : linked data approach
Introduction to electromagnetic compatibility
Juggling work and care : the experiences of working carers of older adults
Information architecture : designing information environments for purpose
Reconciling work and family life : an international perspective on the role of companies
Aspects of bone sugar biology : pectin nanocoatings of hard tissue implants
Write portable code : an introduction to developing software for multiple platforms
Shaping elements while maintaining fit
Inductive components and EMC
"Tasting notes, menus, and recipes to guide craft beer aficionados and beginners alike in coupling their favorite beers and foods. 'Yes, great beer can change your life,' writes chef Schuyler Schultz in 'Beer, Food, and Flavor.' Here is your authoritative guide to exploring the diverse array of flavors found in craft beer--and the joys of pairing those flavors with great food to transform everyday meals into culinary events. Armed with the precise tasting techniques and pairing strategies offered inside, participating in the growing craft beer community is now easier than ever. 'Beer, Food, and Flavor' will enable you to learn about the top craft breweries in your region, seek out new beer styles and specialty brews with confidence, create innovative menus, and pair craft beer with fine food, whether at home or while dining out."--
The compatibility gene
Web service discovery and interoperability for SOA
Family matters : parents living with children in old age
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by the Degree Programme in Information Technology in HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The aim of the study was to take a look at EMC Shielding, how it is applied and what different options there are for designers and manufacturers. This thesis also takes a look at EMC in general. In addition, it takes also discusses the EMC Directive currently in use in the EU and the requirements that need to be met before an electronic apparatus can be put into use. The main sources used for this thesis were relevant literature and also some documents found on the Internet.    The outcome of this thesis resulted in an information package that has useful knowledge about setting up EMC shielding in projects that involve electronics. Electromagnetic interference has become a serious challenge for circuit designers, and it will most likely become an even bigger problem in the future.
Design and testing of stand-specific bucking instructions for use on modern cut-to-lenght harvesters
Nordtest EMC Seminar in Copenhagen, 7-8 May 1996.
Data exchange between Asio calendar and other calendar software
In this presentation it is described how the users (three levels: end users, care givers, relatives  and other stakeholders) are participating to the design and definition of the LILY services system from  the early phases to the implementation and piloting phase. The different user groups are presented  and described the specific features of the groups in France and Finland. The methods to be used in  data gathering and analyzing are described.
Electromagnetic compatibility in power systems
EMC design in product and certification process
EMC : electromagnetic theory to practical design
Radiated EMI measurements on variable frequency drivers
Compatibility heuristics for modern mobile games
Study of applicetion compatibility on smartphones and PDAs
Design and implementation of near-field measurement probes
Wireless telecommunication standardization processes : actors' viewpoint
EMC at component and PCB level
Electromagnetic compatibility in power electronics
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measuring techniques : Section 16 : Conducted disturbances in the range DC to 150 kHz : Immunity test : Basic EMC Publication
Smart living and AAL services
Cheese & wine : a guide to selecting, pairing and enjoying
Immunity testing of integrating instruments
Studies on via coupling on multilayer printed circuit boards
Dressing with color : the designer's guide to over 1000 color combinations
Lovebirds : how to live with the one you love
Determining Compatibility in 23 Countries for an Innovative Finnish Concrete Pile Cutter : Case Study: MotoCut Ltd
IPSec interoperability with Nokia appliances
Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 1 : Vue d'ensemble sur les essais d'immunité : Publication fondamentale en CEM = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 1 : Overview of immunity tests : Basic EMC publication
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Wine : a tasting course
Training a test operator for a accredited radio spectrum laboratory
Tiivistelmä: Platform compatibility issues in mobile learning.
Integrating work and family : challenges and choices for a changing world
Intelligent positioning : GIS-GPS unification
Why do firms support the development of substitute copyleft programs?
Principles and techniques of electromagnetic compatibility
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase), (IEC 61000-3-2:2005/A1:2008)
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Change of database version from Nova Point of View
Great tastes made simple : extraordinary food and wine pairing for ecery palate
Compatibilité électromagnetique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 2 : Essai d'immunité aux décharges électrostatiques : Publication fondamentale en CEM = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 2 : Electrostatic discharge immunity test : Basic EMC Publication
