http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9374 lakes
lakes
Development of temperature and respiratory gases during summer stratification in two lakes in southern Finland
Restoration and management of lakes and reservoirs
Buffer Zone Plans for Lake Nakuru National Park and for Njoro River in Kenya
A treatise on limnology. Vol. 2, Introduction to lake biology and the limnoplankton
The effects of climatic change on the ecology of Finnish lakes
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Thermal conditions in freezing lakes and rivers
Modeling air-lake interaction : physical background
Don't cry, Tai lake : an Inspector Chen novels
Enclosed seas and lakes of Eastern Europe and Middle Asia
Mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes in the Okstindan area of northern Norway, using Geomorphic Process Units as derived from remote sensing and ground survey
Littoral contribution to whole-lake primary production in highly humic Lake Mekkojärvi
Variability of key hydrometeorological parameters in northern Lake Ladoga
Fluctuation of underyearling abundance of some fishes in Lake Ilmen
Water : life in every drop
Finland possesses 72 waterway systems of over 200 square kilometres in size. The five largest of them account for the majority of the country's surface area. Furthermore, there are almost 188,000 lakes of more than five ares in size. Altogether 9.9 percent of the surface area consists of water. The lakes have been created over the last 10,000 years or so, either through the emergence of their basins from beneath the ice sheet of the last glaciation or, in most cases, through isolation from the Baltic basin. In this article, the post-glacial history of the main watercourses and lake basins in Finland and the effects of recent human activity on them and on the quality of their water are examined.On account of the uneven pattern of land uplift, most of the large waterway systems, such as the Saimaa, Päijänne, Näsijärvi, and Puula watercourses of the Lake District, have altered their outflow in the course of time, some of them more than once. The majority of these hydrological changes took place in the interval 8500-4500 BP. In the case of Lake Oulujärvi and Lake Vanajavesi, a transgression that has been going on for thousands of years has led to rises in water level of as much as 10-15 metres. In the case of Lake Höytiäinen, uncontrolled erosion of the outflow channel in connection with an effort at lowering the water level led to a sudden drop of almost ten metres. Elsewhere, the changes in outflow channels meant that the main watershed in the Lake District shifted up to 300 kilometres in a SE-NW direction. Meanwhile, human activity has led to the total or partial drainage of about 3,000 lakes in different parts of the country. About four-fifths of the inland water area in Finland is of good or excellent water quality and only five percent is of moderate or poor quality.
The spatial and temporal variation of nitrogen fixation in aquatic environments
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers : from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Guide to freshwater fish of Britain and Europe
Littoral phytoplankton of Lake Ladoga in the summer 2000.
Whole lake metabolism of allochthonous organic material and the limiting nutrient concept in lake Örträsket, a large humic lake in northern Sweden
The developmental phases of Lake Höytiäinen in eastern Finland, and their contributions to the morphology and stratigraphy of the lake shores
Holocene varved lake sediments as records of palaeoenvironmental change and geomagnetic palaeosecular variation in eastern Finland
The impact of allochthonous organic carbon on bacterial production and pelagic food web interactions in humic lakes in northern Sweden
Tour of the Lake District : [the best of the area in a circular trek]
Accessibility of the Lake Tuusulanjärvi's culture destinations
Lake Constance : characterization of an ecosystem in transition
Exploitation of Anodonta piscinalis (Bivalvia) by trematoden: parasite tactics and host longevity
Lakes of the world with Google Earth : understanding our environment
Transparency measurements - a tool for environmental monitoring? : an example from the lakes Pyhäjärvi and Ätäskö, Finland
Factors affecting the distribution and abundance of the flagellated alga Gonyostomum semen (Ehrenberg) Diesing in Finland
Effects of predation pressure and resource use on morphological divergence in omnivorous prey fish
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 6, Management of inland saline waters
Shallow Lakes '95 : trophic cascades in shallow freshwater and brackish lakes
The structure of zooplankton communities in large boreal lakes and assessment of zooplankton methodology
Northern wilderness
Diatoms from British Columbia (Canada) lakes and their relationship to salinity, nutrients and other limnological variables
Mercury in the food chains of a small polyhumic forest lake in southern Finland
Water balance of Lake Ilmen
Environmental change and anthropogenic impact on lake sediments during the Holocene in the Finnish-Karelian inland area
Nutrient loading of Lake Kankaistenjärvi
Variation in zooplankton diets in contrasting small lakes, inferred from stable isotope analyses
Bacterial-mediated terrestrial carbon in the foodweb of humic lakes
Factors contributing to the abundance of the ergasilid copepod, Paraergasilus rylovi, in its freshwater molluscan host, Anodonta piscinalis
Milan with lakes Como & Maggiore
Life with Lake Vättern
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 1, Principles of lake management
Depth charts of the Cumbrian lakes
The heterogeneity of plankton in a large lake, Lake Onega
Lake tourism : an integrated approach to lacustrine tourism systems
The benthos of lakes
Comparative analysis of Lake Ladoga and Lake Onega morphometric characteristics
The use of Chironomid Pupal Exuvial Technique (CPET) in freshwater biomonitoring : applications for boreal rivers and lakes
Caohai Dianchi Lake Water Pollution Control Plan
Responses of zooplankton to cane sugar additions to a small humic lake, Alinen Mustajärvi
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
Transfer of Chernobyl-derived 137Cs into fishes in some Finnish lakes
What is the future of village schools? : a case study on the life cycle of a school in Northern Finland
Thermodynamic characteristics of Lake Ladoga
Bacterial communities in stratified humic lakes
Lake monster mysteries : investigating the world's most elusive creatures
Geomorphology and global environmental change
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
AL:PE 1 report : for the period April 1991 - April 1993
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
The significance of sediment resuspension in lakes
Abe Sapien : the devil does not jest and other stories
You are here : around the world in 92 minutes
Diel vertical migration of pelagic plankton in Lake Pyhäselkä, eastern Finland and in Lake Ladoga, NW Russia
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 1
Milan & the Lakes
Food web structure of an Arctic lake (Pulmankijärvi, northern Finland) studied by stable isotope analyses
Patterns in diversity and assemblages of lake littoral macroinvertebrates in relation to abiotic and biotic factors
The genus Cricotopus v.d.Wulp (Dipt., Chironomidae) in the running waters of the Sompio area, northern Finland
Wild swimming walks : 28 lake, river and seaside days out by train from London
How to assess and monitor ecological quality in freshwaters
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 5, Management of lake acidification
Carbon dynamics in eutrophic, temperate lakes
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 7, Biomanipulation in lakes and reservoirs management
Lakes of the warm belt
A Deep Chlorophyll Maximum (DCM) recorded in Lake Puuruvesi, Saimaa lake complex, eastern Finland
Explore Italian lakes
Kuopio, view from the Puijo Hill
Walking the Italian lakes
Lakes and rivers
Limnology and hydrology of Lake Victoria : comprehensive and comparative study of Great Lakes : UNESCO/IHP-IV project M-5.1
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
Good practices in northern watercourses : community development, river restoration and environmental education
Scenic splendor of China
Effects of waste waters on a lake ecosystem
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
Introductions and the present distribution of Mysidae and Gammaridae (Crustacea) in Lake Ilmen
Rivers and lakes in European cities : past and future challenges
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 8, The world's lakes in crisis
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
Wild swimming Spain :  discover the most beautiful rivers, lakes and waterfalls of Spain
Milan & the lakes
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
Sustainability-related concepts and practices in Finnish lake fisheries
Circulation in southern Lake Michigan during winter season and during northerly storm episodes
High-resolution spatial uniformity of the varved lake sediment based on magnetic susceptibility records and X-ray densitometry in Lake Lehmilampi, eastern Finland
Protection and management of salmon in Lake Saimaa
Weighted averaging models in contemporary freshwater monitoring with benthic invertebrate assemblages
Long-term changes in lake and river systems in Finland
White water north Alps : 60 classic runs for kayakers and rafters in Switzerland, Austria, Germany and North East Italy
Regional lake surveys in the Barents region of Finland, Norway, Sweden and Russian Kola (1995) : results
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
A practitioner's guide to freshwater biodiversity conservation
Eye lake : thee families, three generations, three disappearances
Monitoring and modelling lakes and coastal environments
Baikal : sacred sea of Siberia
Principles and instrumentation of [sup 210]Pb dating for lake sediments
The world of private islands
History of the Puula Lake Complex, Central Finland, and shifts in its outlet
Starlight on Willow Lake
Whole-lake experiments reveal the fate of terrestrial particulate organic carbon in benthic food webs of shallow lakes
Ladoga and Onego - great European lakes : observations and modelling
Denitrification and dissimilatory nitrate reduction to ammonium in a lake receiving wastewater effluent
Long-term changes in the structure of the fish community of the Lake Peipus
Sedimentary zooplankton remains as indicators of lake ecological quality and trophic structure
Limnology of high altitude lakes in the Mt Everest Region (Nepal)
Global geological record of lake basins. Vol. 1
Bloodstream
Bacterioplankton production and biomass in two lakes of different trophic status : responses to inorganic nutrients, organic carbon, and other planktonic biota
On the flow routing in a lake watercourse
Littoral-pelagic zone food web interactions in fishless, highly humic Lake Mekkojärvi
Limnology and hydrology of Lakes Tanganyika and Malawi : Comprehensive and comparative study of great lakes : UNESCO/IHP-IV project M-5.1
Acidification remediation alternatives : exploring the temporal dimension with cost benefit analysis
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Algal cultures and phytoplankton ecology
Lake and reservoir management
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Morphophysiological characteristics of salmon in Lake Onega
Aquatic macrophytes in status assessment and monitoring of boreal lakes
Water quality estimation by optical remote sensing in boreal lakes
Multi-criteria classification of insufficiently explored North European lake systems
All quiet on the Orient Express
Milan and the lakes
Monitoring of Lake Ladoga
Factors controlling carbon gas fluxes in boreal lakes
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Database storage and processing of biological data
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 3, Lake shore management
Proceedings of the 5th National Humus Seminar : Hyytiälä 10.-11.12.1992
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Dependence of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus L.) on littoral and pelagic energy sources in a subarctic lake, Saanajärvi
Sustainable tourism in the English Lake District
Four decades of research on the Swedish large lakes
The trophic cascade in lakes
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Spatial and temporal variation in denitrification and in the denitrifier community in a boreal lake
The cormorants of Lake Ladoga in the early 20th century: Arctic invaders or continental colonists?
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Trends in the long-term development of the fish community in Lake Peipus
Assessing past ecological changes in lake Isojärvi and its suitability as a Finnish lake reference site using sedimentary diatoms
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 4, Toxic substances management in lakes and reservoirs
Physical and biogeochemical processes in antarctic lakes
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
The history of Finnish lakes and Lake Ladoga
Lake District
Beyond Walden : the hidden history of America's kettle lakes and ponds
Decorative or outrageous : the significance of the Common Reed (Phragmites australis) on water quality
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Turbulence in lakes and rivers
Role of water temperature on the size, migration activity and pathogenity of Diphyllobothrium dendriticum (Cestoda) plerocercoids in brown trout Salmo trutta m. lacustris (L.)
Lake Lysevatten : a study of limimg and reacidification effects in a forest lake ecosystem in southwestern Sweden
Water balance of Lake Peipus
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 9, Reservoir water quality management
Shell morphology of the unionid mussels (Anodonta anatina, Unio pictorum and U. tumidus) in relation to gender and trematode parasitism
Þingvallavatn : a unique world evolving
Abstract.
Interactive effects of parasitism and predation on the behaviour of the amphipod Pallasea quadrispinosa
Flotation technology
Impact of increased dissolved organic carbon and nutrient loading on humic lake phytoplankton
Symposium on paleolimnology
Summer breeze : a novel
Morphological variation of the unionidae mussel Anodonta anatina
There are two native subspecies of the great cormorant Phalacrocorax carbo in Europe: the mainly coastal nominate subspecies carbo, and the mainly continental subspecies sinensis. The population of the latter, in particular, has increased significantly in recent decades. Old literature records suggest that cormorants of some kind were breeding at the largest freshwater lake in Europe, Lake Ladoga, in the early part of the 20th century. A couple of specimens from this population were allegedly also collected; however, the current whereabouts of these specimens appear to be unknown. Recent studies have shown that both cormorant subspecies are ecologically fairly flexible and, therefore, breeding at a freshwater locality cannot by itself be regarded as evidence that they belonged to the continental subspecies sinensis. Thus, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty to which subspecies Lake Ladoga's cormorants belonged..
Holocene sedimentation history of the shallow Kangerlussuaq Lakes, West Greenland
Lake Victoria (Kenya) and its environs : resources, opportunities and challenges
Laminated sediments : proceedings of the workshop at Lammi Biological Station, 4-6 June, 1990
Impacts of the non-native crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) on littoral benthic invertebrate communities in Lake Päijänne
The natural history of lakes
Food web management : a case study of Lake Mendota
Interpretation of changes caused by waste water loading on the basis of zoobenthos and sediment analyses in Lake Vanajavesi
Life of Lake Vesijärvi : from successful biomanipulation to sustainable management. Timo Kairesalo ... [et al.]
Wild swimming France : discover the most beautiful rivers, lakes and waterfalls of France
The rough guide to the Italian lakes
Sedimentary diatoms in inferring trophic status and limnological changes in boreal lakes
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 2, Socio-economic aspects of lake reservoir management
Phytoplankton community structure and biomass in two basins of a boreal lake in relation to local weather conditions and North Atlantic oscillation
Unveiling distribution patterns of freshwater phytoplankton by a next generation sequencing based approach
Hetkiä järvellä = By the finnish lake = Am finnischen see
Respiratory adaptation of zoobenthos to access to oxygen and habitat structure in dimictic eutrophic lakes affecting vertical distribution
Studies on shallow lakes and ponds
Phototrophic green sulphur bacteria in small stratified lakes with varying humic matter concentrations
