http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9378 marketplaces
marketplaces
On the plaza : he politics of public space and culture
English summary.
Tori Amos piece by piece : a portrait of the artist : her thoughts, her conversations
Public spaces - public life : Copenhagen
Inspiratory flow shape clustering (IFSC) : an automated method to monitor upper airway performance during sleep
Markets of Paris
Finnish architecture 0203
Shopping for vintage : the definitive guide to vintage fashion
Gossip, markets and gender : the dialogical construction of morality in Kilimanjaro
Germanic animal art of Salin's style I in Finland / en västfinsk kulturgrupp under yngre järnåldern ; Torsten Edgren. Der Pekkatori in Raahe : Studien über einen eckverschlossenen Platz und seine Gebäudetypen ; Henrik Lilius
New public spaces : please walk on the grass
Finland's city of Turku
Forum Nervae, a story of antiquarian research
Weighted averaging models in contemporary freshwater monitoring with benthic invertebrate assemblages
Tampereen keskustorin yleinen aatekilpailu = Tampere central square, open ideas competition
Changing public space : the recent redevelopment of Dutch city squares
Biographical dictionary of twentieth-century philosophers
Tori Amos : collectibles
Helsinki's Senate square : a national forum
Tori Amos : images & insights ; [compiled by Kalen Rogers]
New city spaces
Towards reliable and intelligent alarms by using median filters
Dream City : Helsinki
Diasporas, diversity, and ethnicity
Recommended environmental monitors for museums, archives and art galleries
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Makujen Suomi = Taste of Finland
Secondhand and vintage Berlin
Country in the city : relaxed style fot modern living
Junk beautiful : room by room makeovers with junkmarket style
Second-hand cultures
Medieval market morality : life, law and ethics in the English marketplace, 1200-1500
Creating an e-commerce website with CakePHP framework
Food + architecture
Näkymätön kaupunki : toteutumattomia suunnitelmia 1900-luvun Turusta = The invisible city : unrealized plans from the 20th century Turku
Helsingin helmi : Helsingin tuomiokirkko 1852-2002 = Helsingfors pärla : Helsingfors domkyrka = The pearl of Helsinki : Helsinki Cathedral
Why second hand shops are popular
To scale : one hundred urban plans
Flea market chic : the thrifty way to create a stylish home
The best flea, antique, vintage & new-style markets in America
When culture goes to market : space, place and identity in an urban marketplace
Food markets of the world
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
The bazaar : markets and merchants of the Islamic world
Secondhand and vintage New York
Long-Long's New Year : a story about the Chinese Spring Festival
Android ECG Application Development
Maintenance, condition monitoring and diagnostics : proceedings of the 2nd international seminar 28th-29th September 2005, Oulu, Finland
Paris : flea market style
Country in the city : relaxed style for modern living
Transforming cities : revival in the square
Glass can be recycled forever : utilisation of End-of-Life Cathode Ray Tube glasses in ceramic and glass industry
Vintage Chic ; Cabbages & Roses : Using Romantic Fabrics and Flea Markets Finds
Tori Amos : Images & insights
Markets of New York city : a guide to the best artisan, farmer, food and flea markets
Research about Flea Market : Case Oranssi Kirppis in Varkaus
Refined monuments : transformations of the historical heart of Helsinki
Welcome to sunny Florida
Studies towards developing wireless control and monitoring reliability and usability in a building environment
A market out of place? : remaking economic, social, and symbolic boundaries in post-communist Lithuania
Speech and sociability at French urban marketplaces
The sourcebook of contemporary landscape design
Dream city : Helsinki
Space and revolution : projects for monuments, squares, and public buildings in France 1789-1799
The square emerges from the marsh
Tori Amos : all these years : the authorized illustrated biography
In a monastery garden .. et allp 329
Market day in Provence
The London market guide
Public squares in urban design : a critical study of cases in Rome, Helsinki and Colombo
Squares : urban spaces in Europe
The question of spatial composition and user quality of sites arises in every urban design concept or intervention in urban public spaces. Squares is the first wide-ranging reference work in which the design and proportions of urban squaresare compared and studied. Seventy European public squares are presented systematically in as-built plan, ground plan, section, and axonometric projection with the most important characteristics.
Technical bulletin : Canadian conservation institute
The politics of the piazza : the history and meaning of the Italian square
Bring on the next generation : a analysis of regenerated the Hakaniemi market square [sic]
The market and the city : square, street and architecture in early modern Europe
The goal of this thesis was to create an online flea market for Data Media Gazelle, a digital agency located in Turku. The purpose of the website was to create an environment where users could place ads for the items they wished to sell. Administrators could control the categorization and the user-generated ads. The website was created with CakePHP, a web application framework. The core elements of the project were ad creation, categorization, navigation and administrator actions. These elements were implemented by using different CakePHP components, helpers, functions and methods. Different web technologies are explained at the start of this thesis. After that some of the different PHP frameworks are introduced briefly and some comparisons are made. The CakePHP framework is examined more thoroughly, including aspects such as model associations and data validation. At the last part of this thesis, the project itself is explored in depth. The database behind the project is explained and different structures of the website will be demonstrated, complete with code examples.
Markets of Provence : food, antiques, crafts, and more
Modeling the Hathi-2 monitoring system
New landscape architecture
The better part of valor
Plätze : Plätze und städtische Freiräume von 1993 bis heute = Urban squares : recent European promenades, squares and city centres
Le présent volume réunit les communications présentées à l'occasion de deux tables rondes, enrichies de plusieurs articles en rapport avec les deux thèmes traités. Les auteurs comptent parmi les meilleurs spécialistes de l'archéologie de la Grèce continentale et de l'Asie Mineure qui ont uni leurs compétences pour apporter une documentation largement inédite sur de nombreux sites et un éclairage nouveau sur deux thèmes complémentaires. La période considérée va de la fin de l'époque hellénistique au IIe siècle après J.C. : elle correspond, dans le monde égéen et anatolien à une évolution remarquable et encore insuffisamment étudiée de certaines formes urbanistiques et architecturales.
L'organisation des marchés dans l'Antiquité et la nature de leurs équipements constituent assurément des thématiques essentielles à la compréhension du fonctionnement des économies anciennes. L'analyse économique des marchés antiques s!enrichit ici d!éléments archéologiques souvent inédits, dans un champ chronologique et géographique qui englobe la plupart des sites de Méditerranée orientale qui ont livré des informations nouvelles sur la question. La mise en évidence, à travers plusieurs études de cas, des étapes du développement des agoras marchandes, jusqu à l'édification des macella, s'accompagne de l'étude des fonctions commerciales de plusieurs types de bâtiments, qui permet en même temps de préciser l'organisation concrète des ventes.
Horrid Henry gets rich quick
FROM FLEA MARKET TO FABULOUS
Secondhand and vintage Paris
Spend, spend, spend! : a history of shopping
This important new study examines the market trade of medieval England from a new perspective, by providing a wide-ranging critique of the moral and legal imperatives that underpinned retail trade. James Davis shows how market-goers were influenced not only by practical and economic considerations of price, quality, supply and demand, but also by the moral and cultural environment within which such deals were conducted. This book draws on a broad range of cross-disciplinary evidence, from the literary works of William Langland and the sermons of medieval preachers, to state, civic and guild laws, Davis scrutinises everyday market behaviour through case studies of small and large towns, using the evidence of manor and borough courts. From these varied sources, Davis teases out the complex relationship between morality, law and practice and demonstrates that even the influence of contemporary Christian ideology was not necessarily incompatible with efficient and profitable everyday commerce.
Great public squares : an architect's selection
The city square
Tori Amos : in the studio
Viva vintage : find it, wear it, love it!
Torilla tavataan = See you at the Square
