http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9375 flea markets
flea markets
Research about Flea Market : Case Oranssi Kirppis in Varkaus
The new old : a post fashion consumption practice
Old clothes, new looks : second hand fashion
Crafts and craft shows : how to make money
Secondhand and vintage Paris
Markets of New York city : a guide to the best artisan, farmer, food and flea markets
Why second hand shops are popular
Secondhand and vintage New York
Second-hand cultures
Vintage Chic ; Cabbages & Roses : Using Romantic Fabrics and Flea Markets Finds
The goal of this thesis was to create an online flea market for Data Media Gazelle, a digital agency located in Turku. The purpose of the website was to create an environment where users could place ads for the items they wished to sell. Administrators could control the categorization and the user-generated ads. The website was created with CakePHP, a web application framework. The core elements of the project were ad creation, categorization, navigation and administrator actions. These elements were implemented by using different CakePHP components, helpers, functions and methods. Different web technologies are explained at the start of this thesis. After that some of the different PHP frameworks are introduced briefly and some comparisons are made. The CakePHP framework is examined more thoroughly, including aspects such as model associations and data validation. At the last part of this thesis, the project itself is explored in depth. The database behind the project is explained and different structures of the website will be demonstrated, complete with code examples.
Junk beautiful : room by room makeovers with junkmarket style
Recycled home
The best flea, antique, vintage & new-style markets in America
Flea market chic : the thrifty way to create a stylish home
Creating an e-commerce website with CakePHP framework
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
Neighbor for sale
Markets of Paris
Shopping for vintage : the definitive guide to vintage fashion
Secondhand and vintage Berlin
Viva vintage : find it, wear it, love it!
Country in the city : relaxed style for modern living
Horrid Henry gets rich quick
Country in the city : relaxed style fot modern living
FROM FLEA MARKET TO FABULOUS
