http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9373 evolutionary psychology
evolutionary psychology
Darwinizing culture : the status of memetics as a science
The biological basis of human behavior : a critical review
Cognitive biology : evolutionary and developmental perspectives on mind, brain, and behavior
Unthink
The evolution of intelligence : are humans the only animals with minds?
Archetype revisited : an updated natural history of the self
Evolutionary thought in psychology : a brief history
Embodied visions : evolution, emotion, culture, and film
The existence of mind : in defence of mind-body dualism
Has science displaced the soul? : debating love and happiness
Applied evolutionary psychology
Genes on the couch : explorations in evolutionary psychotherapy
Evolutionary Psychiatry was first published in 1996, the second edition followed in 2000. This ground breaking book challenged the medical model which supplied few effective answers to long-standing conundrums. A comprehensive introduction to the science of Darwinian Psychiatry, the second edition included important fresh material on a number of disorders, along with a chapter on research. Anthony Stevens and John Price argue that psychiatric symptoms are manifestations of ancient adaptive strategies which are no longer necessarily appropriate but which can best be understood and treated in an evolutionary and developmental context. Particularly important are the theories Stevens and Price propose to account for the worldwide existence of mood disorders and schizophrenia, as well as offering solutions for such puzzles as paedophilia, sado-masochism and the function of dreams. Readily accessible to both the specialist and non-specialist reader, Evolutionary Psychiatry describes in detail the disorders and conditions commonly encountered in psychiatric practice and shows how evolutionary theory can account for their biological origins and functional nature. This Classic Edition of the book includes a new preface by Anthony Stevens and a foreword by Paul Gilbert.
The human story : a new history of mankind's evolution
Moral Minds : The Nature of Right and Wrong
The trickster brain : neuroscience, evolution, and narrative
Evolutionary psychology
Honey flows through fertile valleys : the cognitive and evolutionary foundations of paradise representations
Are we smart enough to know how smart animals are?
The evolution of intelligent systems : how molecules became minds
Human evolutionary psychology
The new science of dreaming. Vol. 3, Cultural and theoretical perspectives
Why we lie : the evolutionary roots of deception and the unconscious mind
The descent of mind : psychological perspectives on hominid evolution
The handbook of evolutionary psychology
The unpredictable species : what makes humans unique
The prehistory of the mind : a search for the origins of art, religion and science
Evolutionary perspectives on human sexual psychology and behavior
Genetic and environmental influences os sociosexual behaviors and attitudes : an evolutionary approach
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
The rise and fall of the third chimpanzee : how our animal heritage affects the way we live
The Oxford handbook of evolutionary psychology
Biology and knowledge revisited : from neurogenesis to psychogenesis
Threat simulation : the function of dreaming?
Behavior and evolution
Moral origins : the evolution of virtue, altruism, and shame
The development of mind
Spent : sex, evolution, and consumer behavior
The evolution of personality and individual differences
From bacteria to Bach and back : the evolution of minds
Evolutionary perspectives on human development
Bonobo : the forgotten ape
Adapting minds : evolutionary psychology and the persistent quest for human nature
Evolutionary aesthetics
Kluge : the haphazard construction of the human mind
The origin of human nature : a Zen Buddhist looks at evolution
Physical attractiveness as a signal of biological quality
Foundations of biopsychology
Evolution and behaviour
Evolution and learning : the Baldwin effect reconsidered
The evolution of sexuality
Evolution's eye : a systems view of the biology-culture divide
Up from dragons : the evolution of human intelligence
A natural history of human thinking
Evolution and the big questions : sex, race, religion, and other matters
Alas, poor Darwin : arguments against evolutionary psychology
"Why are we losing the fight against depression? In this groundbreaking work, psychologist Jonathan Rottenberg explains that despite advances in pharmaceutical science, progress has been hampered by our fundamental misunderstanding of depression as a psychological or chemical defect. Instead, Rottenberg introduces a surprising alternative: that depression is a particularly severe outgrowth of our natural capacity for emotion; it is a low mood gone haywire. Drawing on recent developments in the science of mood-and his own harrowing depressive experience as a young adult-Rottenberg explains depression in evolutionary terms, showing how its dark pull arises from adaptations that evolved to help our ancestors ensure their survival. Weaving together experimental and epidemiological research, clinical observations, and the voices of people who have struggled with depression, The Depths offers a bold new account of why depression endures-and points the way toward new paths for treatment"--
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
The watchman's rattle : thinking our way out of extinction
The age of scientific sexism : how evolutionary psychology promotes gender profiling and fans the battle of the sexes
The science of romance : secrets of the sexual brain
The paradoxical primate
Ancestral landscapes in human evolution : culture, childrearing and social wellbeing
Textbook of evolutionary psychiatry and psychosomatic medicine : the origins of psychopathology
Dimensions of evil : contemporary perspectives
The Oxford handbook of comparative evolutionary psychology
The expression of the emotions in man and animals
A leading philosopher offers a major new account of the origins of the conscious mind that explores the deep interactions of evolution, brains, and human culture, demonstrating the role of culture in installing memes, including language, in the mind
The collected works of L. S. Vygotsky. Volume 4, The history of the development of higher mental functions
Human nature explored
Carl Jung, Darwin of the mind
The evolution of evil
The handbook of evolutionary psychology. Volume 1, Foundations
he Oxford Handbook of Comparative Evolutionary Psychology ambitiously brings together an eclectic and provocative body of work from some of the brightest minds in comparative psychology and evolutionary psychology, highlighting the strengths and insights of each field. Across chapters, readers will come to appreciate the new field of "comparative evolutionary psychology," which successfully combines laboratory and field approaches, drawing on diverse methodologies and theoretical viewpoints to elucidate the mysteries of animal behavior and cognition. This comprehensive volume includes coverage of: - Unique specializations in a wide range of taxa from insects, cephalopods, reptiles, corvids, canines, cetaceans, and primates - Communication, cooperation, social learning, memory and cognitition in different species - Controversial theories about the evolution of sometimes surprising abilities in species, both phylogenetically close to and distant from humans.
The ontogeny of information : developmental systems and evolution
Psychology & evolution : the origins of mind
Love, actually
Psychology : six perspectives
Human mate choice and prehistoric marital networks
Evolution and the psychology of thinking : the debate
The prehistory of the mind : the cognitive origins of art, religion and science
An analysis of Charles Bukowski's The last night of the earth poems on the basis of evolutionary perspectives
Cycles of contingency : developmental systems and evolution
Cognition and sex differences
The mind made flesh : essays from the frontiers of psychology and evolution
Why humans like to cry : tragedy, evolution, and the brain
Genetic and cultural evolution of cooperation
The evolution of religion : studies, theories, & critiques
Evolutionary psychology : the new science of the mind
Religion is not about God : how spiritual traditions nurture our biological nature and what to expect when they fail
The evolved apprentice : how evolution made humans unique
Evolutionary psychology has the all answers
Evolution, culture, and consciousness : the discovery of the preconscious mind
Narcissism and popularity : The moderating role of peer-valued characteristics, sense of power, and social goals
Spent : sex, evolution, and the secrets of consumerism
Animal behaviour : psychobiology, ethology and evolution
How sadness survived : the evolutionary basis of depression
Origins and ends of the mind : philosophical essays on psychoanalysis
Consciousness and learning research
Evolutionary psychology : neuroscience perspectives concerning human behavior and experience
Kluge : the haphazard evolution of the human mind
Attachment, evolution, and the psychology of religion
Pathways to individuality : evolution and development of personality traits
Gender, sexuality and reproduction in evolutionary narratives
The evolution of cognition
Evolution in mind : an introduction to evolutionary psychology
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
The archaeology of mind : neuroevolutionary origins of human emotions
Describes why humans are able to deny reality and ignore their own inevitable deaths to the detriment of the entire species and what might be done to change this mindset.
Sex and death : an introduction to philosophy of biology
Philosophy after Darwin : classic and contemporary readings
The evolution of human consciousness
Since the early 1990s, evolutionary psychology has produced widely popular visions of modern men and women as driven by their prehistoric genes. In Gender, Sexuality and Reproduction in Evolutionary Narratives, Venla Oikkonen explores the rhetorical appeal of evolutionary psychology by viewing it as part of the Darwinian narrative tradition. Through popular, literary and scientific texts, the book identifies both the imaginative potential and the structural weaknesses in evolutionary narratives, opening them up for feminist and queer revision. This book will be of interest to students and scholars of the humanities and social sciences, particularly in gender studies, cultural studies, literature, sexualities, and science and technology studies.
Social brain, distributed mind
Scenario visualization : an evolutionary account of creative problem solving
An introduction to behavior genetics
The depths : the evolutionary origins of the depression epidemic
Denial : self-deception, false beliefs, and the origins of the human mind
The evolution of intelligence
The origins of morality : an evolutionary account
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
Evolutionary psychiatry : a new beginning
The bridge to humanity : how affect hunger trumps the selfish gene
How many friends does one person need? : Dunbar's number and other evolutionary quirks
Foundations of evolutionary psychology
The ghost in the machine
The sapient mind : archaeology meets neuroscience
Evolutionary psychology and motivation
Attachment and bonding : a new synthesis
We trust our sciences to operate on a plane of objectivity and fact in a world of subjectivity and cultural ideologies, but should we? In The Age of Scientific Sexism, philosopher Mari Ruti offers a sharp critique of the gender profiling tendencies of evolutionary psychology, untangling the insidious threads of various gender mythologies that have infiltrated-or perhaps even define-this faux-science. Selling stereotypes as scientific facts, evolutionary psychology continually brings retrograde models of sexuality into mainstream culture: it insists that men and women live in two completely different psychological, emotional, and sexual universes, and that they will consequently always be locked in a vicious battle of the sexes. Among these regressive arguments is the assumption that men's sexuality is urgent and indiscriminate, whereas women are "naturally" reluctant, reticent, and choosy-a concept constructed to justify masculine behavior, such as cheating, that women have historically found painful. On its most basic level, The Age of Scientific Sexism explores our impulse to "explain" romantic behavior through science: in the increasingly egalitarian gender landscape of our society, why are we so eager to embrace the rampant gender profiling that evolutionary psychology promotes? Perhaps these simplistic gender caricatures owe their popularity, at least in part, to our overly pragmatic society pragmatic society, which encourages us to search for easy answers to complex questions.
As we progress as a species, questions and controversies continue to surround sexuality, monogamy, perceptions of attractiveness, and sexual coercion. Yet no matter how intricate the issues and concepts become, we are still able to find valuable clues in our ancestral legacy. Evolutionary Perspectives on Human Sexual Psychology and Behavior offers a wealth of current theories and findings on the complex psychological adaptations that drive our strategies for selecting and retaining a partner. Groundbreaking studies examine sex differences and similarities in sex-related human behavior while providing object lessons in how evolutionary psychology is practiced and where the field is heading. Contributors present intriguing evidence for mate selection influencing the evolution of men's and women's voices, female orgasm, and men's use of humor, and explore emerging areas of evolutionary interest such as same-sex attraction. This interdisciplinary coverage has wide-ranging implications for sexual well-being as well as mental and general health. Among the featured topics: Evaluating evidence of mate preference adaptations: how do we really know what Homo sapiens sapiens really want? Sexual adaptation and sexual offending. (Mis)reading the signs: men's perception of women's sexual interest. Female perceptions of male body movements. Intrasexual competition and other theories of eating restriction. Social selection and the evolution of competition among women. Evolutionary Perspectives on Human Sexual Psychology and Behavior will appeal to evolutionary scientists across different disciplines of the academy among faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate students interested in sexuality. This volume makes a useful supplementary text in various upper-level undergraduate courses and in graduate courses that address sexuality.
Evolution and genetics for psychology
Evolutionary forensic psychology : Darwinian foundations of crime and law
Evolutionary psychology as maladapted psychology
The handbook of evolutionary psychology. Volume 2, Integrations
Death, hope, and sex : steps to an evolutionary ecology of mind and morality
Human morality and sociality : evolutionary and comparative perspectives
