http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9383 mass (physics)
mass (physics)
Abstract.
Mass comparison : 2 kg, 100 g, 20 g, 2 g and 100 mg weights
Spectrochemical analysis by atomic absorption and emission
Particle dark matter : observations, models and searches
Higgs : the invention and discovery of the 'god particle'
Surface analysis : the principal techniques
Mass spectrometry in biophysics : conformation and dynamics of biomolecules
The determination of chemical elements in food : applications for atomic and mass spectrometry
Mass measurements for explosive nucleosynthesis in stars
Concepts of mass : in classical and modern physics
Handbook of mass measurement
Statistical notes on neutrino mass determinations
Top-quark mass measurement
Transport phenomena
Papermaking science and technology. 16, Paper physics
Mass comparison : 6 g microbalance
Heat and mass transfer in turbulent moist air drying processes : experimental and theoretical work
Mass and volume comparison at MIKES : additional results to the EA intercomparison of weights 1 mg - 100 g (Ma1) and to the Euromet intercomparison of ceramic spheres (Euromet 339)
Mass comparison : 610 g laboratory balance
University Physics
"The book introduces observational evidence for dark matter along with a detailed discussion of the state-of-the-art of numerical simulations and alternative explanations in terms of modified gravity. It then moves on to the candidates arising from theories beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, and to the prospects for detection at accelerators. It concludes by looking at direct and indirect dark matter searches, and the prospects for detecting the particle nature of dark matter with astrophysical experiments"--Provided by publisher.
UO2 fuel pellet impurities, pellet surface roughness and n(180) / n(160) rations, applied to nuclear forensic science
Challenges in real-time precision farming : a case study of modelling biomass accumulation : doctoral thesis in agrotechnology
Dual-energy digital radiography in the assessment of bone characteristics
Mathematical and experimental modeling of physical and biological processes
High precision QEC value measurements of superallowed 0+ ! 0+ beta decays with JYFLTRAP
Thermodynamics : concepts and applications
Why does E=mc2? : (and why should we care?)
E=mc2 : a biography of the world's most famous equation
Papermaking science and technology. Book 16, Paper physics
The short history of science : or the long path to the union of metaphysics and empiricism
Challenges in real-time precision farming : a case study of modelling biomass accumulation
Measurements of the temperature variation of the effective mass of the free carriers in silicon, with 3 cm wavelength
The transport phenomena problem solver : momentum, energy, mass
Combustion science and engineering
"Dark matter is among the most important open problems in modern physics. Aimed at graduate students and researchers, this book describes the theoretical and experimental aspects of the dark matter problem in particle physics, astrophysics and cosmology. Featuring contributions from 48 leading theorists and experimentalists, it presents many aspects, from astrophysical observations to particle physics candidates, and from the prospects for detection at colliders to direct and indirect searches. The book introduces observational evidence for dark matter along with a detailed discussion of the state-of-the-art of numerical simulations and alternative explanations in terms of modified gravity. It then moves on to the candidates arising from theories beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, and to the prospects for detection at accelerators. It concludes by looking at direct and indirect dark matter searches, and the prospects for detecting the particle nature of dark matter with astrophysical experiments. -- Describes the theoretical and experimental aspects of the dark matter problem -- Presents observations, theory and experiments to give a complete and consistent understanding of dark matter -- Features contributions from leading experts in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Mass comparison - 5 kg laboratory balance
Transport equations for moist air when the wet bulb temperature exceeds 60 degrees °C
