http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9380 circuses (organisations)
circuses (organisations)
Carnival of shadows
Metropolis : a novel
The night circus : a novel
Women's circus : leaping off the edge
Totem
Sawdust and spotlight
British circus posters 1930-1960 : a pictorial celebration of circus artwork and design
The spectacular tale of Peter Rabbit
Circus museum - urban renovation
The bullet-catcher's daughter
Four ball juggling : from simple patterns to advanced theory
Contemporary circus
Pathways in juggling : learn how to juggle with balls, clubs, devil sticks, diabolos, and beyond
Circus : a world history
The famous flea act
Le best of Cirque du Soleil
Enormouse!
Midnight sun
The Routledge circus studies reader
Rudyard Kipling's The second jungle book : Mowgli and Baloo
Ned's Circus of Marvels
Diamond : from the world of Hetty Feather
A circus child
The singing mermaid
Juggling for all
Saint Odd : an Odd Thomas novel
Lionboy
Circus Mirandus
American horror story. The complete fourth season, Freak show
Nights at the circus
Hellboy : The Midnight Circus
Queen of the flowers
Cirque du Soleil : worlds away
The complete book of unicycling
Visual Identity for Oulun Tähtisirkus
Further tales of Peter Rabbit
Unicycling : from beginner to expert
Secret Seven adventure
Tiger's curse
Madagascar 3 : Long live the king!
The Routledge Circus Studies Reader offers an absorbing critical introduction to this diverse and emerging field. It brings together the work of over 30 scholars in this discipline, including Janet Davis, Helen Stoddart and Peta Tait, to highlight and address the field's key historical, critical and theoretical issues. It is organised into three accessible sections, Perspectives, Precedents and Presents, which approach historical aspects, current issues, and the future of circus performance.
Fairground art
Juggling : master the skills of juggling with.
Let's look at circuses
Mechanique : a tale of the Circus Tresaulti
Chimichanga
The night circus: a novel
Dreams of the solo trapeze : offstage with the Cirque du Soleil
Circus world
Freak like me : inside the Jim Rose Circus sideshow
Pelon ympyrä : Ring of fear
The golden age of the circus
How to be a Compleat CLOWN
A fine red rain : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Juggling with Finesse : lessons in juggling and life
Circus heroes and heroines
Ahmed and the Feather Girl
Josser : days and nights in the circus
Golden age of the circus
My first diabolo book
The runaways
Samson : the mighty flea!
New Circus
Fairs and circuses
Knife and tomahawk throwing : the art of the experts
The midnight circus
Juggling : from start to star
Juggling : the art and its artists
Here comes the circus
A very young circus flyer
Alex : the amazing juggler
Seventeen-year-old Oregon teenager Kelsey forms a bond with a circus tiger who is actually one of two brothers, Indian princes Ren and Kishan, who were cursed to live as tigers for eternity, and she travels with him to India where the tiger's curse may be broken once and for all / Library off Congress.
The circus of Dr. Lao
Devilstick step by step
The circus of Mr Cannelloni
Contact juggling
Marketing plan for a circus production : case company: Cie Nuua
Will Rogers rope tricks
The Love of the Circus
Lumoava Sirkus Finlandia = The enchanting Circus Finlandia
Fire eating : a manual of instruction
The Soviet circus : a collection of articles
Ahmed and the feather girl
As darkness rises, will Gabe help Mara find the truth? In the spring of 1987, the carnival comes to small-town Caudry, Louisiana. Then events take a dangerous turn. For Mara Beznik, the carnival is home. It's also a place of secrets, hidden powers and a buried past - making it hard to connect with outsiders. However, sparks fly when she meets local boy Gabe Alvarado. As they become inseparable, Mara realizes Gabe is hiding his own secrets. And his family legacy could destroy Mara's world.They find the word 'freeks' sprayed on trailers, as carnival employees start disappearing. Then workers wind up dead, killed in disturbing ways by someone or something. Mara is determined to unlock the mystery, with Gabe's help. But can they really halt this campaign of fear?
Where the bird sings best
If I ran the circus
