http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p938 churches (organisations)
churches (organisations)
Medieval graffiti : the lost voices of England's churches
The Constitutions of the Near East Council of Churches : April 1964
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Christian responsibility in deafwork
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
THE GOTHIC CATHEDRAL
The distinction between "power-Word" and "text-Word" in recent Reformed thought : the view of Scripture set forth by some representatives of The Philosophy of the Law-Idea
Red fortress : the secret heart of Russia's history
Nederländsk prakt i Mälarlandskapens kyrkor : Netherlandish splendour in churches of the Stockholm region
To be a Christian in Finland : a guidebook to confirmation for immigrants and Finnish expatriates
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Museum of São Roque
The Oxford history of christianity
No longer a secret : the Church and violence against women
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
Constitution, by-laws and standing rules of The Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hancock, Michigan
Umstrittene Katholizität : von der zwiespältigen Beziehung zwischen Vielfalt und Einheit : Tagungsbericht der 18. Wissenschaftlichen Konsultation der Societas Oecumenica = Catholicity under pressure : the ambiguous relationship between diversity and unity : proceedings of the 18th academic consultation of the Societas Oecumenica
What we saw in Germany : a report by British churchwomen to the Control Commission for Germany
Osteobiography of Vicar Rungius:analyses of the bones and tissues of the mummy of an early 17th-century Northern Finnish clergyman using radiology and
stable isotopes
Churches and the Victorian sports boom
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
On the concept of communication within the church : study on concepts of communication within the church among trusted persons and employees of the Evangelic-Lutheran parishes of Espoo
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Social work in the churches : [a study in the practice of fellowship]
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
History of martyrs in Palestine, by Eusebius, bishop of Caesarea
The churches of Rome 1527-1870. Vol. 2
The complete guide to Christian denominations
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Vvedenije vo hram = Entry into the church
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
The color of light : commissioning stained glass for a church
Stretching the drum skin : an analysis of power relations in leadership development and succession in the Evangelical Lutheran church in Tanzania-Northern diocese 1942-1993
Sources and contexts of the Book of Concord
Honouring children : the human rights of the child in Christian perspective
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
Le Corbusier's Firminy Church
Turun tuomiokirkko = Åbo domkyrka = Cathedral of Turku = Der dom in Turku
Against torture
The passing of Protestant England
Bisericile Fortificate ale Saşilor din Transilvania = The fortified churches of the Transylvanian saxons
The sacral art in Poland : architecture
Cathedral of the sea
The Norman conquest : a very short introduction
Renewing the face of the Earth : a theological and pastoral response to climate change
Revolution & religion in Ethiopia : the growth & persecution of the Mekane Yesus Church, 1974-85
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Church on the Water, Church of the Light
Locality, nation and the  primitive  - notions about the identities of late medieval non-professional wall painters in Finnish historiography from 1880 to 1940
Church under the pressure of Stalinism : the development of the status and activities of Soviet Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church during 1944-1950
60th anniversary 1917-1977 : Finnish Lutheran Church, Los Angeles California October 16 1977.
The cathedrals of central Italy
Minutes of proceedings : third Plenary Congress of the International Council of Christian Churches, Philadelphia U.S.A., August 3-12, 1954.
Crkvi i Manastiri vo Makedoniǰa = Churches and monasteries in Macedonia
National religion and the prayer book controversy
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
A church in transition
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Report on the Church history conference in Valmiera (Latvia)
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
Reports from LWF church and national committees
A moving faith : mega churches go south
Creeds of the churches : a reader in Christian doctrine from the Bible to the present
Ethical Investment Policy of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Religious women in Britain reappraised
Church in change : The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2000 to 2003
Maailman uskonnot : Religions of the world. 3, Protestanttinen kristinusko = Protestant Christianity
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
Peace in Europe - the churches ́role : report of consultation held at Engelberg, Switzerland, 28th May - 1st June 1973
Limits of liberation : praxis as method in Latin American liberation theology and feminist theology
Musiques de la Réforme, (1) = Music for the refromed church
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Sacred places : sites of spirituality & faith
Suomi-synodin seurakuntain mallisäännöt = The Model Constitution and By-Laws for the Congregations of Suomi Synod
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Church of São Roque
The Lutheran church : past and present
Christian church
Man amid change in world affairs
Our 50 years 1912-1962 : Trinity Ev. Lutheran Church
Toleration and diplomacy; the religious issue in Anglo-Spanish relations, 1603-1605
The Lutheran world federation
Journal of the International Society for Orthodox Church Music
The Gothic cathedral : origins of Gothic architecture and the Medieval concept of order
The princely church of Curtea de Arges
The pillars of the earth
Baltic church-historians gathered in Daugavpils at the beginning of September 2012.
The road to the unification of the Lutheran churches in the Russian empire under a single liturgy
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II : Bisericile orthodoxe = Orthodox churches
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
Gračanica : King Milutin's church and its place in late Byzantine architecture
Christian peace initiatives in the 20th century
European churches confronting poverty : social action against social exclusion
For centuries carved writings and artworks in churches lay largely unnoticed. So archaeologist Matthew Champion started a nationwide survey to gather the best examples. In this book he shines a spotlight on a secret world of ships, prayers for good fortune, satirical cartoons, charms, curses, windmills, word puzzles, architectural plans and heraldic designs. Drawing on examples from surviving medieval churches in England and Wales, the author gives a voice to the secret graffiti artists: from the lord of the manor and the parish priest to the people who built the church itself. Here are strange medieval beasts, knights battling unseen dragons, ships sailing across lime-washed oceans and demons who stalk the walls. Latin prayers for the dead jostle with medieval curses, builders' accounts and slanderous comments concerning a long-dead archdeacon. Strange and complex geometric designs, created to ward off the 'evil eye' and thwart the works of the devil, share church pillars with the heraldic shields of England's medieval nobility.
The Academic Church of St Catherine in Zagreb
Manipulating theophany : light and ritual in north Adriatic architecture (ca. 400-ca. 800)
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
No longer strangers : selected writings of bishop K. H. Ting
Theology in the public square : church, academy, and nation
Churches in India
Novgorod : art treasures and architectural monuments :  11th - 18th centuries : architecture, frescoes, archaeological artefacts, minor arts, icons, illuminated MSS
A key to the development of Christian community centers : case Jezreel
Globalization and the mission of the church
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
The Times book of church cats
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II
Recruiting young love : how Christians talk about homosexuality
Theology of marriage and the problems of mixed marriages : dialogue between the Lutheran World Federation, the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity of the Roman Catholic Church 1971-77
"Improvement day" January 27, 1957 : St. Paul's Lutheran Church Rockport, Massachusetts
A Church of Encounter : guidelines for international and ecumenical work, including interfaith encounter, until 2020.
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
Responsible church leadership
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
The Rhine : culture and landscapes at the heart of Europe
Towards church union 1937-1952 : a survey of approaches to closer union among the churches
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2007.
British protestant missions
Betlehem evangelical Lutheran church, Wing, North Dakota : 50th anniversary, 1908-1958 : 10th anniversary of merger, 1948-1958
Report of the consultation on obstacles to the cooperation of men and women : in working life, in public service, implications for the work of the department : held at Odense, Denmark, August 8-12, 1958.
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkolliskokous = Kyrkomötet i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland = The General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland : 1974-2011
Rome and the Eastern Churches : a study in schism
The Lion companion to church architecture
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Wales  : churches, houses, castles
Nicholas : magazine of the Anglican Church in Finland
Religion and the state in Russia and China : suppression, survival, and revival
Understanding Theology and Homosexuality in African-American Communities focuses specifically on helping mental professionals understand the scriptural and historical bases for the negative stance of some African American churches towards same-sex relations, and how that understanding is relevant within the context of mental health care. It provides a summary of the relevant professional literature and examples from clinical practice and/or research
Major trends and movements in Finnish church history
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
The 1939 meeting of the continuation committee : held at St. George's School, Clarens, Switzerland, August 21-23, 1939.
Conservation and restoration of Jaeger's Oath-church in Liepaja, Latvia
The churches of Rome, 1527-1870. Vol. 1
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Uppsala domkyrka = : The Cathedral of Uppsala
Harlemin suom.ev.luth. seurakunta 1903-1953 : 50-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu = 50th anniversary album of Harlem Finnish Ev.Luth Congregation
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
Churches in the Ukrainian crisis
Protestant Churches and the making of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Espoo : a stop on the King's road
Peace - the desperate imperative : the Consultation on Christian Concern for Peace : Baden, Austria, April 3-9, 1970
Report of the consultation : held at Cite Universitaire, Paris, France, July 25-30th, 1963 : on marriage and family life
Lambeth : a view from the two thirds world
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
In many contexts the attribute "catholic" is misunderstood as a confessional term describing one specific church. The papers of the 18th Academic Consultation of Societas Oecumenica presented in this book give insights to the ecumenical significance of the "catholicity," which all churches confess in the Creed. They also take into consideration the tensions between unity and diversity as well as the challenges by new developments in worldwide Christianity.
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
From pioneer mission to autonomous church : Lutheran mission cooperation and church building in Thailand 1976-1994
The singer in the ecclesiastical hierarchy : the early history of the order
The Church at the centre of the city
St. Petersburg Court Chant and the tradition of Eastern Slavic church singing
Christianity and the African imagination : essays in honour of Adrian Hastings
World Christian handbook
Peace in a nuclear age : the bishops' pastoral letter in perspective
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
Sobory i hramy Sankt-Peterburga = Cathedrals and temples of St. Petersburg
Singing the Lord's song in a strange land : the African American Churches and ecumenism
Modes of religiosity in Eastern Christianity : religious processes and social change in Ukraine
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
The Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church, Brooklyn, N.Y. : 60th anniversary 1891-1951
Formulas for the distribution of Holy Communion in the reformed agendas of 16th-17th century Poland and Lithuania compared with other protestant liturgies of the same period
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
The Horizon book of great cathedrals
Designing a computer system for remote offices: traditional system versus cloud system : case: Church Council of the Evangelical Lutheran church of Finland
Archetypal heresy : Arianism through the centuries
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
Beyond the walls  : churches of Jerusalem
Report of the Consultation : held at the Collège Protestant Romand at Founex, Switzerland, July 6-10, 1964 : on sexual ethics today
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
Ruskin's Venice : the stones revisited
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Kyrkorna på Gotland = The churches of Gotland
Borgund stavkirke : The stave church at Borgund
Modern buildings : their planning, construction and equipment : vol. 5
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
Closeted in the name of God - the status of homosexual employees in the Lutheran Evangelical Church in Finland
Third All Asia Lutheran Conference, Singapore, 29th November 4th December 1976
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
The catholic advantage : why health, happiness, and heaven await the faithful
Atlas of the Christian Church
Resurgence of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Lithuania after the Soviet era
A Moving Faith captures the dynamic shift of Christianity to the South and portrays a global movement that promises prosperity, healing, empowerment, and gender equality by invoking neo - Pentecostal and Charismatic resources. It postulates that neither North America nor Europe is the current center of the Christian faith. The book provides a detailed overview of how migration of Christians from the South enriches the North, for instance, Pope Francis brings newness, freshness, and the vigor characteristic of the South. While describing Christianity's growth in the South, it suggests that, in fact, there is no center for this global faith. It explores this great move of Christianity by focusing on representative mega churches in South Korea, Brazil, Peru, Ghana, Nigeria, Australia, India, and the Philippines. -- Review: "In A Moving Faith by Dr Jonathan James, we see for the first time in a single coherent volume, not only that global Christianity in the mega church is on the rise, but in a concrete way, we are able to observe in detail what this looks like across a wide variety of locations, cultures, and habitus." -- Virginia Garrard-Burnett "The 21st century-once predicted by many commentators to be the secular century-has turned out to be the century of the mega church. Mega churches are to be found in every continent and are not simply to be equated with Pentecostalism. This wide ranging and fascinating collection of essays on mega churches, their media, and marketing strategies opens up the field for further exploration." -- Brian Stanley "Mega churches, usually associated with big independent congregations in America, are seen to be prevalent throughout much of the rest of the world. The chapters in this book offer careful, thoughtful, and perceptive accounts of the mega church phenomenon in the South. All who are concerned not only about the spread, but also the integrity of the Christian faith will greatly appreciate this book which assists us to see the big picture of World Christianity." -- Professor Mark A. Noll
New life for old churches
Problemy èkumenizma i mežreligioznye svâzi v Barencregione : materialy rossijsko-norvežskogo seminara Murmansk, 18-19 Sentâbrâ, 2002 = Problems of ecumenism and interreligious contacts in the Barents region : proceedings of the Russian -Norwegian seminar Murmansk, September 18-19, 2002
The church of Finland in pictures
His mercy endureth : golden jubilee publication 1896-1946
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
Did Christian Britain die in the 1960s?
Toward Church fellowship : report of the Joint Commission of the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches
The fiftieth anniversary booklet of the Trinity Lutheran Church, Stambaugh, Mich. : 1902-1952 = 50-vuotisriemujuhlajulkaisu Trinity luth. seurakunta, Stambaugh, Mich
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
The Church of the Saviour on the Blood
International conference dedicated to the 150th anniversary of Kārlis Irbe (1861-1934), the first bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia : University of Latvia, Riga, 9 November, 2011.
Russians and religion after communism
Constitution, by-laws and standing rules of the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hancock, Michigan : revised and approved 1941.
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Understanding theology and homosexuality in African American communities
Lutheran churches of the world
The Serbian medieval cultural heritage
Pohjois-Suomalaisia kirkkoja = Churches in Northern Finland
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Common witness : Basic Policy on Mission of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Maya color : the painted villages of Mesoamerica
Report of the American Section of the Commission on Intercommunion : submitted to the Continuation Committee, 1942.
Eucharistic concelebration / by John R.K. Fenwick
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
Some reflections on the writing of the history of the Finnish evangelical lutheran church
Human rights and the churches : new challenges : a compilation of reports of international and regional consultations organized by the Commission of the Churches on International Affairs (October 1994 - June 1998)
Woman, mother, and bride : an exegetical investigation into the "ecclesial" notions of the apocalypse
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Background - religious buildings
Rules and Customs of Churches : concerning Intercommunion and Open Communion
Social Marketing Concept in Kotka-Kymi Parish Union's Environmental Agenda
Peace - the desperate imperative : the consultation on Christian concern for peace, Baden, Austria, April 3-9, 1970
Kalmar domkyrka i nytt ljus : restaureringen 2005-2011 = Kalmar Cathedral in new light : the conservation, 2005-2011
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
The pastors from Finland at the Suomi Synod
The killing room
A survey of the history of the Reformation in Poland and Lithuania
The biblical world. Vol. 2
