http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9390 international trade
international trade
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Doing business in China
Global bargaining : UNCTAD and the quest for a new international economic order
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
China rules : globalization and political transformation / edited by Ilan Alon ... [et al]
The principal motive behind writing this Bachelor’s thesis is to uncover the importing procedures of garments and related items from an Asian country (Bangladesh) to a European country (Finland). Finnish market situation is also observed in order to understand the demand of Bangladesh ready-made garments. In theoretical framework, materials for instances books, articles published in Internet and already written thesis have been used. Supervisor’s guidance in preparing this thesis has been an inevitable part. The market is cut throat competition and factors that are responsible in dragging the business down and promoting need be precisely comprehended. A part from competition issues, business venture needs to analyze the legal procedures, tax issues, corporate social responsibility and last but not the least customer satisfaction. The very basic concept of writing this thesis is to basically focus on issues on import procedure, customs duties, how a noncommunity products becomes a community products and gets free movement status, how shipment is done and who is responsible, the most risk free payment against goods, what can be legal treatment in case contract is breached. Theoretical framework is reinforced by empirical art of work and findings will be submitted to the stakeholders and general public those who are interested in international business. All business activities a company does is to satisfy the customer’s demand by adding higher value in the products thru different ways, bringing them in proper market and selling them in time. Most importantly, the customer’s trend is changing day by day and this trend may bring company’s success and failure. 21st century is the customers’ era as well as the hightech era. Business institutions want products, as early as possible in a named place so there is need of third party like Nefin Trading, that provides goods wherever and whenever it is felt necessary. Such company guarantees the quality of product and reasonable price. Furthermore, Nefin Trading is committed to complying with applicable law. As part of CSR, Nefin Trading is also determined to what it can do to keep the environment intact.
World Trade Organization : annual report 2009.
Contributions to international business : essays in honour of professor Jorma Larimo
A short course in international negotiating : planning and conducting international commercial negotiations
Foreign trade statistics based on value added challenge the traditional picture of international trade
Transfer of technology for development : ICC statement to UNCSTD, United Nations Conference on Science and Technology for Development, Vienna 20-30 August 1979.
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
The international economy and the national interest
Research in international business and finance : studies i n the financial markets of the Pacific Basin. 11, Part A
Leadership and change in the multilateral trading system
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
How to enter the Finnish market : case: Beijing Guanghui Textile Co, Ltd
The Uruguay Round and its follow-up : building a positive agenda for development : report on a workshop convened by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, 3 and 4 March 1997, Palais des Nations, Geneva
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
Abstract.
Influence of cultural differences on Finnish-Chinese cooperation at UPM-Kymmene's three Asian sales offices
Looking beyond tariffs : the role of non-tariff barriers in world trade
Trade, status, population growth, and environment in developing countries
A short course in international marketing : approaching and penetrating the global marketplace
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
Boosting manufacturing firms' exports? : the role of trade facilitation in Africa
World commerce and governments : trends and outlook
Uniform rules for contract guarantees
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies
International trade statistics
European trade policy : disintegrating region
World Trade Organization : annual report 2007.
Legal aspects of doing business in the Middle East
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
International marketing
The international state : crafting a statewide trade development system
Barriers to world trade : a study of recent commercial policy
Abstract:.
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
UCP 600 : uniform customs and practice for documentary credits : implementation date July 1, 2007
Internationalization of Finnish SMEs to Russia : a case of Jalas
Handbook on procurement of paper and board : a practical guide for buyers
A development plan for an international partner network : case Jyväskylä Regional Development Company JYKES Ltd
Strategic Planning of an International Trade Intermediary : Case Woodbe Oy
The global textile industry
Marketing to the Russian tourists visiting Finland : case Kokemuskauppa.com
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
The Unification of the Law of International Trade
Studies in the pure theory of international trade
CISG and unification of international trade law
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
Commercial law and practice
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
Public sector services for Finnish  SMEs to internationalize to China  : case "Turku - Tianjin project"
European economy. 31, The determinants of investment : Estimation and simulation of international trade linkages in the QUEST model
Trading up : economic perspectives on development issues in the multilateral trading system
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BRAND ORIGIN AND BRAND EQUITY : Case Company: Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
Solidarity ethics : transformation in a globalized world
International Business
Conquest and commerce : Spain and England in the Americas
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Managing network connections in international business
Technology and East-West trade
Common market law : texts and commentaries
Managing global virtual teams
Readings in International Business
Importance of Language Proficiency in Recruitment in International Business
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 4 : chapters XI - XIV
Handbook of international trade and development statistics 1976 = Manuel de statistiques du commerce international et du développement 1976.
The new international economics
The rouble in Soviet-Finnish trade
Evaluating innovativeness in selecting an international trading partner : making use of the Koponen manipulator [1]
Research in international business and finance : studies in the financial markets of the Pacific Basin. Vol. 11, Part B
Import/export kit for dummies
Uniform rules for a combined transport document
Journal of world trade
International business : a managerial perspective
An essay on trade and transformation
Development Strategy of Anhui Garments Import&Export Co.Ltd
International economics : a European focus
Internationalization of SMEs : case Kymen Yrittäjät ry
Common market law : texts and commentaries. Suppl. 1
Roadblock to reform : the persistence of agricultural export subsidies
Shaking the globe : courageous decision-making in a changing world
International buying process and relationship building in Finnish buyer and Thai supplier perspective
Suggestions for developing export garment processing activities of MAIDUC Company Ltd Vietnam
Kanali - from Rauma to the world : Learning international business competence by doing
Meat export competitiveness of European Union countries on global markets
World Trade Organization : annual report 2008.
Media information for advertising planning
International business finance
English abstract.
Cash inflow forecasting management in a service company operatinginternationally
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
Model forms for issuing contract guarantees : under the ICC uniform rules for contract guarantees
Global wine market in the hands of the millennials : how France lost its predominance
UN/ECE general conditions of sale : for fresh fruit and vegetables including citrus fruit
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
World trade in jeopardy? : Hamburg symposium of the Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung 1979
International trade : an approach to the theory
Cross-border consumption within Kostamuksha and the Kainuu Region
Foreign trade statistics based on value added follow the value added by each country and sector through the different phases of the production process. A new database maintained by the OECD and WTO provides a different picture of the imbalances in trade flows between the major economic regions and the interdependency of imports and exports than that provided by traditional customs statistics. This article also examines imbalances in euro area trade on a value-added basis. Statistics based on value added do not displace the traditional gross foreign trade statistics, but offer an alternative way to examine the importance of foreign trade, particularly for those countries that are integrated into global value chains. .
Corporate social responsibility as an intergovernmental policy agenda : public policy developments and challenges at the European Union level
Studies in the theory of international trade
International trade terms : standard terms for contracts for the international sale of goods
Ecological dumping in a federal economy
Internationalization of SMEs : case Forssan LVI-Valmiste Oy
Opinions (1980-1981) in the ICC Banking Commission : on queries relating to uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
Applied international trade analysis
Legal aspects of doing business in Latin America : pocket supplement january 1986
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 3 : chapters VIII-X
Import-Export Business Plan
Population growth overshooting and trade in developing countries
Market entry strategy for Chinese suppliers in the Russian consumer goods market
Import process of ready-made garments from Bangladesh to Finland
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
International trade and development
Global order beyond law : how information and communucation technologies facilitate relational contracting in international trade
A brief survey on the theories of international trade
Finnish E-Commerce Deliveries to Russian Customers
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Are organizational cultural distances affected by another human factor : innovativeness? Part I
IMPORTATION OF ORIENTAL FOOD TO FINLAND : Cases: Swan Import and Tigris oriental Market
OECD codes of liberalisation of capital movements and of current invisible operations : user's guide 2007.
Futures trading in commodity markets
International Fur Trade : Trends, Challenges, Prospects
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
International trade : selected readings
EMU effects on international trade and investment
Executive summary (s. 11-17).
The international arbitral process : public and private. J. Gillis Wetter. Volume 5 : chapters XIV - XVII
The pure theory of international trade
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Managing the pricing of integrated solutions in export partnerships
The East African Community and common market
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Handbook of world mineral trade statistics ..
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
International trade and finance in a rapidly changing environment : [proceedings]. Vol. 1, International trade and international banking
ADDITIONAL VALUES OF A DOMESTIC INTERNET SHOP : A comparison of domestic and foreign ecommerce from the cus-tomer point of view
The purpose of this research is to provide insight into the export competitiveness of meat products of the European Union (EU-27) member states on global markets. The revealed comparative advantage index is used to analyze the levels, compositions, and evolutions in patterns of development in the export competitiveness of meat products and their levels of stability at the product level. Except for some niche meat products, a larger number of the EU-27 member states have experienced comparative disadvantages on global markets over the analysed years of 2000 to 2011. The revealed comparative advantages on the global markets are the most robust for Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland, Cyprus and Hungary. The revealed comparative advantage indices and their survival rates differ across the meat product groups. The heterogeneity in export competitiveness of the EU-27 member states suggests the importance of the differentiation of meat products in competitive export specialization on global markets.
Foundations of corporate empire : is history repeating itself?
The management of international public affairs : integrating I.P.A. and corporate strategic planning in foreign direct investment
Money, trade and international relations
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Summary in Chinese.
Prospects for eliminating non-tariff distortions
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
The North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA : after eight years, and the neoliberal political economy
The challenges of Iranian small and medium-sized enterprises through process of internationalization
Current problems of international trade financing
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
A Finnish company's entry to Hungarian markets
Trade facilitation in Asia and the Pacific : an analysis of import and export processes: a study
The responsibilities and rights of both buyer and seller in international trade concerning the conformity of the goods and additional contractual requirements
Contemporary growth studies and Eastern Europe : from scholar debates towards a comparative analysis on Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland and Romania, 1970-1995
International marketing : A strategic approach to world markets
International trade and finance in a rapidly changing environment : [proceedings]. Vol. 3, Regional issues : Western Hemisphere and the developing countries
Maximizing Export Performance of Alcoholic Beverages in Ghana Through Packaging.  : Case: Kasapreko Company Limited and Gihoc Distilleries Company Limited
Iran as potential business partner for Finnish SMEs
A new view at international intra-industry competitiveness
Factors affecting pricing strategies for international industrial business
Civil jurisdiction and judgments : the application in England of the Convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters under the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 : [With] suppl
Negotiating in an international environment : eight perspectives for business practitioners
Research in international business and finance. Vol. 8, Prospects for Canadian-United States economic relations under free trade
Global latinas : Latin Americas emerging multinationals
Handbook of world mineral trade statistics 1992-1997
The Far East in world trade : developments and growth since 1945
Nordic studies on intra-industry trade
The need for cultural coaching : A study of the state of cultural education in international business studies in Tamk and other universities of applied science
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Cross-Border Consumption within Kostomuksha and the Kainuu Region
International trade comparison  : EU - USA and the effect on case company’s trade
International trade and finance in a rapidly changing environment : [proceedings]. Vol. 4, Regional issues : Europe and the Far East
Impact of national culture on trust building in international business negotiation process : Case study of finnish business negotiation
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Decicions (1975-1979) of the ICC Banking Commission : on queries relating to uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
Currency Risks and Currency Risk Management
Developments in export marketing
International opportunity recognition among Finnish SMEs : organic food SMEs in the Baltic Sea region
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
Why has world trade slowed?
From the Maoist to the Post Deng China, a process of economic liberalization and opening toward the rest of the world : implications for transnational companies
The impact of firm resources on international entry mode strategy : the moderating effect of country specific risk factors
Trade finance fraud : understanding the threats and reducing the risk : a report
Intra-industry trade : the theory and measurement of international trade in differentiated products
Incentives for industrial exports : study
Communication and Conflict in International Business : Case of India and Finland
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Business-to-business customer survey and German market research : case company: Lehtosen Konepaja Oy
International trade regulation, national development strategies and the environment : towards sustainable development?
Legal and financial aspects of international business
Executive summary: A world of trade liberalisation (s. 11-14).
Cultural impact on international branding : a case of marketing Finnish mobile phones in China
Handbook of world mineral trade statistics 1991-1996
International business
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 2 : chapters IV-VII
OECD codes of liberalisation of capital movements and of current invisible operations : user's guide
World Trade Organization : annual report 2010.
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
