http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9397 war criminals
war criminals
Talking to Rudolf Hess
Hitler's furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
Hunting evil : how the Nazi war criminals escaped and the hunt to bring them to justice
Operation Paperclip : the secret intelligence program that brought Nazi scientists to America
The night watch
Artemis Fowl and the last guardian
Jaegir : Beasts within
The dead and the dying : a criminal edition
Justice at Nurenberg
The Nuremberg interviews
Known for his sadistic medical experiments on Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp, Dr Aribert Heim disappeared ahead of his imminent arrest for his crimes in 1962. This is the dramatic story of how a clandestine organization comprised of Vietnam war veterans and former secret agents plotted to assassinate him.
"A total re-assessment of the life of Adolf Eichmann that reveals his activities and notoriety amongst a global network of National Socialists following the collapse of the Third Reich, and permanently undermines Hannah Arendt's often-cited notion of the "banality of evil.""--
This is the gripping story of the American army chaplain sent to save the souls of the Nazis incarcerated at Nuremberg. Lutheran minister Henry Gerecke was fifty years old when he enlisted as an army chaplain during World War II. As two of his three sons faced danger and death on the battlefield, he tended to the battered bodies and souls of wounded and dying GIs outside London. But at the close of the European theater, with Hitler defeated and scores of American troops returning home to resume their lives, he received his most challenging assignment: he was sent to Nuremberg to minister to the twenty-one imprisoned Nazi leaders awaiting trial for crimes against humanity. This work unearths groundbreaking new research and compelling firsthand accounts to take us deep inside the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, into the very cells of the accused and the courtroom where they answered to the world for their crimes. Never before in modern history had man accomplished mass slaughter with such precision. These twenty-one Nazis had sat at the right hand of Adolf Hitler; Hermann Goering, Albert Speer, Wilhelm Keitel, Hans Frank, and Ernst Kaltenbrunner were the orchestrators, and in some cases the direct perpetrators, of the most methodical genocide in history. As the drama leading to the court's final judgments unfolds, the author brings Henry Gerecke's impossible moral quandary to life: How, having risked his own life (and those of his sons) to eliminate the Nazi threat, could he now win the confidence of these men? In the months after the war ended, Gerecke had visited Dachau. He had touched the walls of the camp's crematorium. He had seen the consequences of the choices these men had made, the orders they had given and carried out. As he worked to form compassionate relationships with them, how could he preach the gospel of mercy, knowing full well the devastating nature of the atrocities they had committed? And as the day came nearer when he had to escort these men to the gallows, what comfort could he offer and what promises of salvation could he make "to evil itself" Detailed, harrowing, and emotionally charged, this is an incisive history of the Nuremberg trials as well as a nuanced reflection on the nature of morality and sin, the price of empathy, and the limits of forgiveness.
Courting democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina : the Hague Tribunal's impact in a postwar state
The hunting party
Blood count
The history of translation and interpreting is above all the history of men, women, and sometimes children, who became translators and interpreters. This book presents the lives, loyalties, and identities of interpreters who, either by choice or by force, had to work during wartime.
Steinacher not only reveals how Nazi war criminals escaped from justice at the end of the Second World War, fleeing through the Tyrolean Alps to Italian seaports, but he also highlights the key roles played by the Red Cross, the Vatican, and the Secret Services of the major powers.
A fully documented profile of the "Nazi hunter" famous for his unrelenting pursuit of Nazi criminals draws on extensive international records to discuss such topics as his role in capturing Adolf Eichmann, rivalry with Elie Wiesel, and infamy later in life.
Forgotten trials of the Holocaust
Victors' justice : the Tokyo War Crimes Trial
Tales from Spandau : Nazi criminals and the Cold War
Soviet evidence in North American courts : an analysis of problems and concerns with reliance on communist source evidence in alleged war criminal trials
U.S. intelligence and the Nazis
Journalism
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
Europe's most wanted man  : the quest for Radovan Karadžić
Kessler : the thrilling sequel to 'Secret army.'
In this pioneering biography of a frontline Holocaust perpetrator, Alex J. Kay uncovers the life of SS Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Filbert, responsible as the first head of SS Task Force 9, a mobile killing squad, for the murder of more than 18,000 Soviet Jews - men, women and children - on the Eastern Front. He reveals how Filbert, following the political imprisonment of his older brother, set out to prove his own ideological allegiance by displaying particular radicalism in implementing the orders issued by Hitler, Himmler and Heydrich. He also examines Filbert's post-war experiences, first in hiding and then being captured, tried and sentenced to life imprisonment. Released early, Filbert went on to feature in a controversial film in the lead role of an SS mass murderer. The book provides compelling new insights into the mindset and motivations of the men, like Filbert, who rose through the ranks of the Nazi regime.
A KMT war criminal in new China
Overview of the historical importance of the Tokyo War Trial
Simon Wiesenthal collection
The Tokyo war crimes trial : the pursuit of justice in the wake of World War II
The Nuremberg legacy : how the Nazi war crimes trials changed the course of history
The murderers among us : the Simon Wiesenthal memoirs
Children of the flames : Dr. Josef Mengele and the untold story of the twins of Auschwitz
The hanging garden : an inspector Rebus novel
The innocents
Kingdom of darkness
The hidden histories of war crimes trials
Mission at Nuremberg : an American army chaplain and the trial of the Nazis
Killing Dr Death : the amazing true story of the death squad that tracked down and killed a Nazi war criminal
The Eichmann trial
The Mauthausen trial : American military justice in Germany
The hanging garden : [an inspector Rebus novel]
"The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) struggled to apprehend and try high-profile defendants like the Serbian leader Slobodan Milo sevi c, and often received more criticism than praise. This volume argues that the underappreciated court has in fact made a substantial contribution to Bosnia and Herzegovina's transition to democracy. Based on more than three years of field research and several hundred interviews, this study brings together multiple research methods, including surveys, ethnography, and archival materials, to show the court's impact on five segments of Bosnian society, emphasizing the role of the social setting in translating international law in domestic contexts. Much of the early rhetoric about the transformative potential of international criminal law helped foster unrealistic expectations that institutions like the ICTY could not meet, but judged by more realistic standards, international law is seen to play a modest yet important role in postwar transitions. The findings of this study have implications for the study of international courts around the world and the role law plays in contributing to social change"--
The Nazi hunters
Marathon man
On Ethics and Interpreters
Criminal case 40/61, the trial of Adolf Eichmann : an eyewitness account
Nazis on the run : how Hitler's henchmen fled justice
Machine gun preacher
Justice and the enemy : Nuremberg, 9/11, and the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
Simon Wiesenthal : the life and legends
Hunting Eichmann : how a band of survivors and a young spy agency chased down the world's most notorious Nazi
Operation Last Chance : one man's quest to bring Nazi criminals to justice
The island : there is no sanctuary from sin
International justice in Rwanda and the Balkans : virtual trials and the struggle for state cooperation
Hunting the tiger : the fast life and violent death of the Balkans' most dangerous man. Christopher S. Stewart
The American road to Nuremberg : the documentary record 1944-1945
Sexual violence as a weapon of war? : perceptions, prescriptions, problems in the Congo and beyond
Speer : the final verdict
The making of an SS killer : the life of Colonel Alfred Filbert, 1905-1990
The sinners : a criminal edition
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
The kindly ones : a novel
Butcher's trail : how the search for Balkan war criminals became the world's most successful manhunt
My enemy's enemy : the butcher of Lyon
The statement
Eichmann before Jerusalem : the unexamined life of a mass murderer
War crimes and just war
Peace operations and international criminal justice : building peace after mass atrocities
"More than sixty years after the advent of the National Socialist genocides, the question still remains: how could a state-sponsored terror that took the lives of millions of men, women, and children, persecuted as Jews or Gypsies, happen? Now available in English, Hans Safrian's path-breaking work on Adolf Eichmann and his Nazi helpers chronicles the escalation of Nazi anti-Semitic policies beginning in 1933 and during World War II to the "final solution." This book examines a central group of National Socialist perpetrators who expelled German, Austrian, and Czech Jews from their homelands and deported massive numbers of them to the ghettos, concentration camps, and killing centers of occupied Eastern Europe. Safrian reconstructs the "careers" of Eichmann and his men in connection with the implementation of racial policies, particularly the gradual marginalization of their victims and the escalation from stigmatization, divestment, and segregation to deportation, forced labor, and, finally, mass murder"--Provided by publisher.
From Marco Polo Bridge to Pearl Harbor : who was responsible?
The debt
Operation last chance : one man's quest to bring nazi criminals to justice
A deadly Cambodian crime spree
