http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9401 psychological effects
psychological effects
Happy home
Why the pain, what's the gain? : the quest for extreme fitness
Cochlear implants : evolving perspectives
Music and meaning : opening minds in the caring and healing professions
Growing together : a practice guide to promoting social inclusion through gardening and horticulture
Forgiveness and reconciliation : theory and application
Feelings at the margins : dealing with violence, stigma and isolation in Indonesia
Alien technology : coping with modern mysteries
iDisorder : understanding our obsession with technology and overcoming its hold on us
The pursuit of happiness : an economy of well-being
Psychosocial work characteristics and incidence of newly diagnosed depression : a prospective cohort study of three theoretical models
Amid the current nationwide debate over what “marriage” is, this book examines anew the nature and meaning of marriage from the standpoint of what adult children of divorce have actually experienced. Upholding the inextricable link between our personal identity and our origin in a union of two ― and, more deeply, in the Fatherhood of God ― the contributors to this volume reflect on the damage that divorce does to children, opening up important questions for all of us: What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to love and to marry? After decades of talk about the rights of adults to get a divorce and the benefits for children of an amicable split between parents (a so-called “good divorce”), these authors ― theologians, philosophers, political scientists, lawyers, psychologists, sociologists, and cultural critics ― effectively unsettle conventional opinion. Includes contributions by Richard Fitzgibbons, Elizabeth Kantor, Margaret Laracy, Lisa Lickona, Antonio López, Ryan MacPherson, Elizabeth Marquardt, Margaret Harper McCarthy, Andrew Root, Jeanne Heffernan Schindler, Nathan Schlueter, Andrew Sodergren, Charles E. Stokes, Paul Sullins, Vicki Thorn, Maximilia Um, Gintautas Vaitoska and Amy Ziettlow.
You can heal your heart : finding peace after a breakup, divorce or death
The psychology of sport injury and rehabilitation
The therapeutic relationship in complementary health care
The shallows : what Internet is doing to our brains
Helmholtz and the modern listener
Exercise for mood and anxiety : proven strategies for overcoming depression and enhancing well-being
In the wake of suicide : stories of the people left behind
Youth unemployment and society
Knowledge games : how playing games can solve problems, create insight, and make change
The attachment pregnancy
Mental toughness in sport : developments in theory and research
Mental disorders in thyroidectomized patients : a psychosomatic study of 53 cases
Smoking, health and personality
With approximately 1 in 6 adults likely to experience a significant mental health problem at any one time (Office for National Statistics), research into effective interventions has never been more important. During the past decade there has been an increasing interest in the role that sport and physical activity can play in the treatment of mental health problems, and in mental health promotion. The benefits resulting from physiological changes during exercise are well documented, including improvement in mood and control of anxiety and depression. Research also suggests that socio-cultural and psychological changes arising from engagement in sport and physical activity carry valuable mental health benefits. Sport and Physical Activity for Mental Health is an evidence-based practical guide for nurses, allied health professionals, social workers, physical activity leaders, and sport coaches. The authors provide comprehensive analysis of a broad range of client narratives, integrating theory and the latest research to explore the effectiveness of various interventions. The book offers readers detailed recommendations, suggestions, and ideas as to how sport and physical activity opportunities can be tailored to provide the greatest mental health benefits.
The stimulated brain : cognitive enhancement using non-invasive brain stimulation
Perspectives on wanted and unwanted sounds in outdoor environments : studies of masking, stress recovery, and speech intelligibility
The poetry of radio : the colour of sound
Listening to doctors, neuroscientists, acoustical engineers, monks, activists, educators, marketers, and aggrieved citizens, George Prochnik examines why we began to be so loud as a society, what it is that gets lost when we can no longer find quiet, and what are the benefits of decluttering our sonic world.
Psychosocial aspects of disaster
The theory of set and the psychological effects of alcohol
Landscapes of the heart : narratives of nature and self
Critical perspectives on activity : explorations across education, work, and everyday life
Vibroacoustic therapy : conception, development, and future directions
Play and the human condition
The role of finnish teachers in supporting immigrant children with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Building happiness : architecture to make you smile
Psychological trauma and the legacies of the First World War
Smarter than you think : how technology is changing our minds for the better
The effects of alcohol, provocation and childhood physical abuse on aggressive behavior in men
Just vibrations : the purpose of sounding good
Sport and physical activity for mental health
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
Footnotes : how running makes us human
Melody in music therapy : a therapeutic narrative analysis
The aftermath : living with the holocaust
Technology as symptom and dream
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
The Hilliker curse : my pursuit of women : a memoir
Why the Pain? What's the Gain? takes you on a guided tour of humankind's 3000-year wayward search for the perfect workout; from the dirt courtyards of the ancient Greek gymnasium to the birth of the modern gym in 19th-century Paris; to the weekend, beachside Olympic-caliber gymnasts of Santa Monica and Sydney. Daniel Kunitz seeks the answer to a simple yet profound question: Why do we work out? We will listen in on the innovators and charlatans who lifted the multibillion-dollar business of gym-fitness into being. We will learn how the women's movement sparked an enormous exercise boom and tell the story not only of how we arrived at the big-box gym era but also of the last decade's acceleration into a new fitness frontier. Daniel Kunitz puts himself through the grit and pain of the cross fit, parkour and tough mudder regimes, searching not just for new-found physique, but on a quest to understand the pain and more precisely the gain of working out.
Play matters
The long way home: the powerful 4-step plan for adult children of divorce
Enjoying machines
Based on two decades of participant-observation field research in diverse online environments, this engaging book offers insights for improving lifestyles and enhancing wellbeing in the digital age. John R. Suler, a founder of the field of cyberpsychology, explains its fundamental principles across a wide variety of topics, including online identity management, disinhibition, communication via text and photographs, intimacy and misunderstandings in online relationships, conflicting attitudes toward social media, addiction, deviant behavior, virtual reality, artificial intelligence, and media overload. He provides a new framework, the 'Eight Dimensions of Cyberpsychology Architecture', which researchers, students, and general readers interested in cyberpsychology can apply as a valuable tool for creating and understanding different digital realms. Psychology of the Digital Age focuses on the individual, shedding new light on our conscious as well as subconscious reactions to online experiences and our intrinsic human need to self-actualize.
Ernesting ́s aviation medicine : edited by David J. Rainford and David P. Gradwell
Technophobia : the psychological impact of information technology
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
Working with victims of crime : policies, politics and practice
Organizational justice, job insecurity and psychological distress: testing the uncertainty management model
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 2
Getting gamers : the psychology of video games and their impact on the people who play them
A crisis of spirit : our desperate search for integrity
"Sport, physical activity and play are key constituents of social life, impacting Athletes routinely use psychological skills and interventions for performance enhancement but, perhaps surprisingly, not always to assist in recovery from injury. This book demonstrates the ways in which athletes and practitioners can transfer psychological skills to an injury and rehabilitation setting, to enhance recovery and the well-being of the athlete. Drawing on the very latest research in sport and exercise psychology, this book explores key psychological concepts relating to injury, explaining typical psychological responses to injury and psychological aspects of rehabilitation. Using case studies in every chapter to highlight the day-to-day reality of working with injured athletes, it introduces a series of practical interventions, skills and techniques, underpinned by an evidence-base, with a full explanation of how each might affect an athlete's recovery from injury. The Psychology of Sport Injury and Rehabilitation emphasises the importance of an holistic, multi-disciplinary approach to sports injury and rehabilitation. No other book examines the psychological aspects of both sports injury and the rehabilitation process, and therefore this is an essential resource for students, scholars and practitioners working in sport psychology, sports therapy, sports medicine or coaching"--
Born on the fourth of July
Hope... From the Heart of Horses: How Horses Teach Us About Presence, Strength and Awareness explores and celebrates the relationship and bond possible between horses and humans. Each chapter offers a life lesson about trusting one’s instincts, honestly addressing emotions, achieving clarity in communication, and releasing negative thoughts. Because their survival depends on being highly tuned to the thoughts and feelings of others, horses sense human intentions rather than what is offered in facial expressions, which creates a remarkable effect on the relationship between these two distinctly different species. Humans who learn how to improve their communication with horses can improve their relationships with their mounts, enhance the lives of their trusting friends, and improve their own riding experiences. Here are the moving stories a horse named Hope who teaches the difference between hope and faith; an abused horse’s background bringing up old memories and helping the author to move on; a young Olympic equestrienne hopeful discovers and reaffirms her self-esteem, and many more. Readers will be inspired by these experiences to explore and apply the deep and everlasting connection between horses and humans. Hope... From the Heart of Horses is a book that will bring insight to everyone with an interest in how humans and animals can learn from one another. -Irtolehtikansi-
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Curvy yoga : love yourself & your body a little more each day
The Long-term injured competitive athlete : a study of psychosocial risk factors
One zentangle a day : a 6-week course in creative drawing for relaxation, inspiration, and fun
The advertising effect : how to change behaviour
Life in color : National Geographic photographs
The beauty of Zentangle : inspirational examples from 137 tangle artists worldwide
Horticulture as therapy : principles and practice
Psychology of the digital age : humans become electric
Travel and imagination
Myotonic dystrophy type 1 : cognition, personality and emotion
"Focuses on the role in the policymaking process of new metrics for measuring the effects on individual well-being of institutional, macroeconomic, and policy environments--for example, the effects of macroeconomic uncertainty and lack of access to health insurance--as well as the effects of factors such as commuting time, divorce, job status, and obesity"--Provided by publisher.
Music as mood regulation in adolescence
Abortion : loss and renewal in the search for identity
Epidemiological studies of religious behaviours and health in the Nord-Trøndelag health study (HUNT 3), Norway
Psychological consequences of cancer from the salutogenic and dyadic perspective
Natural hazards : explanation and integration
Individual and community responses to trauma and disaster : the structure of human chaos
Adolescents and the media : medical and psychological impact
Diet and cardiorespiratory fitness in older adults with special reference to metabolic syndrome and cognitive function : a population-based study
Quality of life and its determinants among allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients and the Finnish population
The birth of a mother : how motherhood changes you forever
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Touch in museums : policy and practice in object handling / edited by Helen J. Chatterjee
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
The Eureka Factor: Creative Insights and the Brain
Psychophysiological responses to eye contact
The cochlear implant debate has changed, as evidenced in this cogent collection that presents 13 chapters by 20 experts, including several who communicate through sign language but also utilize cochlear implants. The impetus for this change stems from recognition that both visual and aural input can enhance the education of deaf children. Divided into four sections, Cochlear Implants: Evolving Perspectives first focuses on the impact of implants in the Deaf community. Chapters in this section examine the issues driving the cochlear implant debate, the ethics of genetic engineering, experiences of implanted adult deaf signers, reflections of deaf mothers who have had their children implanted, and the effects of implants on deaf identity. The second section delves into the mechanics of bimodal processing, including listening strategies that can benefit signing children with cochlear implants. The third section surveys combined aural/visual educational approaches, such as teaching implanted children in an ASL/English bilingual classroom, and applying auditory rehabilitation to a signed communication context. The final section challenges readers to reframe the debate first by exploring sensory politics, then by envisioning an emerging world that requires the Deaf community to connect with it to secure its future. With this information, readers will reach their own conclusions about cochlear implants and auditory and visual approaches to the mastery of both spoken and signed languages.
"Yoga is for everyone--not just the young and lithe! Because Anna Guest-Jelley understands what it's like trying to force yourself into poses that won't take and feeling short of breath, she created Curvy Yoga to embrace all shapes and sizes. She rolls out a welcoming introduction to the practice, along with personal stories of growth and body acceptance"--
Torn asunder : children, the myth of the good divorce, and the recovery of origins
The last two decades have seen an international explosion of interest in theories of mind, culture, and activity. This unique collection is the first to explicitly reach back to the tradition's original critical impulse within which the writings of Karl Marx played such a central role. Each author pushes this impulse further to address leading contemporary questions. It includes a diverse array of international scholars working from the fields of education, psychology, philosophy, sociology, anthropology, communications, industrial relations, and business studies. Broken into three main sections - education, work, and everyday life - each chapter builds from an analysis of practice and learning as social cultural participation and historical change in relation to the concept of activity, contradiction, and struggle. This book offers insight into an important complex of overlapping practices and institutions to shed light on broader debates over such matters as the 'knowledge economy' and 'lifelong learning'.
Psychosocial work characteristics and incidence of newly diagnosed depression : a prospective cohort study of three different models
Protective factors and risk factors for the psychological well-being of adolescents of parental cancer
"Yoga is for everyone--not just the young and lithe! If your image of yoga consists of super-flexible bodies contorting themselves into pretzel-like positions, Anna Guest-Jelley offers a much-needed antidote. She understands what it's like trying to force yourself into poses that won't take and feeling short of breath. So she created Curvy Yoga, a worldwide phenomenon that embraces real bodies of all shapes and sizes. She rolls out a practical and welcoming introduction to the ancient practice, along with personal stories of growth, classes gone awry, clueless gurus, and the shocking fat-shaming that pervades the yoga scene. Photographs throughout make it easy to follow each pose"--
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
A feminist clinician's guide to the memory debate
Hope... from the heart of horses : how horses teach us about presence, strength, and awareness
The effects of distilled and brewed beverages : a physiological, neurological and psychological study
" It's undeniable: technology is changing the way we think. But is it for the better? Amid a chorus of doomsayers, Clive Thompson delivers a resounding "yes." The Internet age has produced a radical new style of human intelligence, worthy of both celebration and analysis. We learn more and retain information longer, write and think with global audiences in mind, and even gain an ESP-like awareness of the world around us. Modern technology is making us smarter, better connected, and often deeper - both as individuals and as a society. In Smarter Than You Think Thompson shows that every technological innovation -from the written word to the printing press to the telegraph - has provoked the very same anxieties that plague us today. We panic that life will never be the same, that our attentions are eroding, that culture is being trivialized. But as in the past, we adapt - learning to use the new and retaining what's good of the old.
Music therapy methods in neurorehabilitation : a clinician's manual
The common place : the ordinary experience of housing
Uncoupling : turning points in intimate relationships
In the shadow of the holocaust : the second generation
The Mozart effect for children : awakening your child's mind, health, and creativity with music
Imagine if new knowledge and insights came not just from research centers, think tanks, and universities but also from games, of all things. Video games have been viewed as causing social problems, but what if they actually helped solve them? This question drives Karen Schrier's Knowledge Games, which seeks to uncover the potentials and pitfalls of using games to make discoveries, solve real-world problems, and better understand our world. For example, so-called knowledge games―such as Foldit, a protein-folding puzzle game, SchoolLife, which crowdsources bullying interventions, and Reverse the Odds, in which mobile game players analyze breast cancer data―are already being used by researchers to gain scientific, psychological, and humanistic insights. Schrier argues that knowledge games are potentially powerful because of their ability to motivate a crowd of problem solvers within a dynamic system while also tapping into the innovative data processing and computational abilities of games. In the near future, Schrier asserts, knowledge games may be created to understand and predict voting behavior, climate concerns, historical perspectives, online harassment, susceptibility to depression, or optimal advertising strategies, among other things. In addition to investigating the intersection of games, problem solving, and crowdsourcing, Schrier examines what happens when knowledge emerges from games and game players rather than scientists, professionals, and researchers. This accessible book also critiques the limits and implications of games and considers how they may redefine what it means to produce knowledge, to play, to educate, and to be a citizen.
A report on the clinical effectiveness of physiotherapy in mental health : evidence-based briefing paper
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
Postnatal hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis activation (i.e., minipuberty) in full-term and preterm infants : longitudinal assessment of hormone levels and target tissue effects
Horticulture as therapy : a practical guide to using horticulture as a therapeutic tool
The SAGE handbook of media processes and effects
The music within you
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Last child in the woods : saving our children from nature-deficit disorder
Total design : contemplate, cleanse, clarify, and create your personal spaces
Psychological defenses and psychiatric symptoms in adults with pediatric spinal cord injuries
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Loneliness updated : recent research on loneliness and how it affects our lives
The Hilliker curse : my pursuit of women
Tense past : cultural essays in trauma and memory
