http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p940 tax revenues
tax revenues
Model double taxation convention on income and capital : Report
Tax competition between states is what Peter Dietsch refers to in his title as "catching capital." In particular, he sees several forms of tax competition -- for portfolio capital, meaning holdings by wealthy private individuals; for the profits of multinational corporations; and for foreign direct investment, where actual economic activity is attracted. Peter Dietsch's book examines two central questions that stem from this situation. Is there anything ethically wrong about tax competition? And if there is, what should be done about it? Under the current system a lot of capital simply slips through the net; the loopholes caused by current tax competition mean that states do not capture the taxes they are entitled to. And as Thomas Piketty has argued, the vast increase in economic inequality stems in part from the ability of the rich to hide their wealth in this way. Given these moral issues, Dietsch argues that there is a pressing need for the global community to structure international fiscal policy to plug these loopholes. But how should it do so? Will the fiscal sovereignty of states be compromised? Can we regulate tax competition without being forced to harmonize all tax rates? How do we strike a balance between the autonomy of one state and the problems it creates for others? Should winners of tax competition compensate the losers? Finally, is regulating tax competition simply inefficient from an economic perspective? in answering these questions, Peter Dietsch advances and defends his own new global regulatory framework for tax competition.
The tax/benefit position of production workers : 1986-1989 = La situation des ouvriers au regard de l'impôt et des transferts sociaux : 1986-1989
Optimal income tax and redistribution
Charitable conservatism, poverty radicalism and good old fashioned inequality aversion
Income tax indexation in an open economy
Abstract.
Monitoring tax revenues and tax reforms in EU member states 2010 : tax policy after the crisis
The personal income tax base : a comparative survey
Dynamic behaviour of the firm under dual income taxation
Modern public finance
Taxes and tax-like payments
Introduction to the US income tax system
The taxation of net wealth, capital transfers and capital gains of individuals : report of the OECD Committee on Fiscal Affairs
Income tax treaty arbitration : a study
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
The fiscal structure of the Russian Federation : financial flows between the center and the regions
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
Income tax, commodity tax and environmental policy
Model tax convention on income and on capital : 29 April 2000 condensed version
Improving resource mobilization in developing countries and transition economies
The differences between Finnish business income taxation and IFRS
Laws, attitudes and public policy
Private savings and capital income taxation : a differential incidence analysis
Personal savings and capital income taxation : a differential incidence analysis
Changes in taxes and economic growth
Introduction to income taxation
The interpretation of income tax treaties with particular reference to the commentaries on the OECD model
Of rule and revenue
Taxation in Finland 2009
Essays on income distribution, economic welfare and personal taxation
Inheritance, wealth and society
A comparative study of personal income tax models : Report
Labour migration and wages
A study in the theory of incidence of taxation
Changing the tax base from wage taxation towards consumption taxation : a note
The patriot threat
On the determinants of regional tax base growth in Sweden 1970-1995
A general equilibrium assessment of Finland's grand tax reform
Income tax act 2007 handbook
Progressive income taxation and the supply of roundwood
Earnings management in response to corporate tax rate changes : essays on private firms
Taxation in Finland
Income taxation and foreign investment in developing countries
Inflation and the personal income tax : an international perspective
Further notes on income tax evasion
Taxation and the incentive to work
Nordic dual income taxation of entrepreneurs
A note on social contracts, optimal taxation, and qualified majorities
Environmental taxes : an introductory analysis
This paper discusses the impact of Estonia's 2000 income tax law using Tobin's q theory of investment.The results indicate a net increase in the capital stock of 6.1 % over the long run. .
Model tax convention on income and on capital : June 1998 condensed version
Flat tax for Finland : a simple and fair tax system that promotes growth
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment
Comparative income taxation : a structural analysis
Sosiaalisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto : välillisten verojen kohtaanto = The incidence of social transfers : the incidence of indirect taxes
How tax progression affects effort and employment
Public provision of private goods as a redistributive device in an optimum income tax model
The tax/benefit position of production workers 1991-1994
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
The geography of public finance : welfare under fiscal federalism and local government finance
Paying for progress : a new politics of tax for public spending
Butterworths UK tax guide 1987-88
External imbalances and public finances in the EU
Outsourcing and optimal nonlinear taxation : a note
Tax heterogeneity and trading volume around the ex-dividend day : Estonian evidence
The fiscal covenant : strengths, weakness, challenges
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
On the double taxation of corporate income
Uneasy compromise : problems of a hybrid income-consumption tax
Minimum wage policies as well as the business practice of outsourcing have important implications for the labor market outcomes of (primarily) lowskilled labor. This paper concerns optimal redistributive income taxation and provision of a public input in a twotype model with a minimum wage policy implemented for the lowability type. We assume that firms use part of their resources for outsourcing by locating part of the production process abroad. Our results show that desire to relax the selfselection constraint and the incentive to increase employment among lowability agents reinforce each other in terms of marginal income taxation. In addition, the appearance of equilibrium unemployment provides an incentive for the government to directly tax outsourcing. Without a direct instrument for taxing outsourcing, the government may reduce the amount of resources spent on outsourcing by increased provision of the public input good which is desirable for two reasons, as reduced outsourcing contributes to less wage inequality and increased employment.
Public goods and private wants : a psychological approach to government spending
Environmental taxes : from an economic idea to a legal institution
Abstract: Population ageing and social expenditure in Finland.
Consumer response to income increases
What should be taxed : income or expenditure?
Determining the taxation and investment impacts of  Estonia's 2000 income tax reform
Taxation in Finland : an outline
The increased revenue from finnish corporate income tax in 1990s
Policy interaction, learning, and the fiscal theory of prices
Optimal non-linear income taxation for the alleviation of income poverty
The law of federal income taxation
Rich people stash away trillions of dollars in tax havens like Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, or Singapore. Multinational corporations shift their profits to low-tax jurisdictions like Ireland or Panama to avoid paying tax. Recent stories in the media about Apple, Google, Starbucks, and Fiat are just the tip of the iceberg. There is hardly any multinational today that respects not just the letter but also the spirit of tax laws. All this becomes possible due to tax competition, with countries strategically designing fiscal policy to attract capital from abroad. The loopholes in national tax regimes that tax competition generates and exploits draw into question political economic life as we presently know it. They undermine the fiscal autonomy of political communities and contribute to rising inequalities in income and wealth. Building on a careful analysis of the ethical challenges raised by a world of tax competition, this book puts forward a normative and institutional framework to regulate the practice. In short, individuals and corporations should pay tax in the jurisdictions of which they are members, where this membership can come in degrees. Moreover, the strategic tax setting of states should be limited in important ways. An International Tax Organisation (ITO) should be created to enforce the principles of tax justice. The author defends this call for reform against two important objections. First, Dietsch refutes the suggestion that regulating tax competition is inefficient. Second, he argues that regulation of this sort, rather than representing a constraint on national sovereignty, in fact turns out to be a requirement of sovereignty in a global economy. The book closes with a series of reflections on the obligations that the beneficiaries of tax competition have towards the losers both prior to any institutional reform as well as in its aftermath.
The notion of income from capital
Options for tax reform : papers by Richard Goode...presented at a conference at the Brookings Institution on April 23-24, 1984
Changes in revenue structures : proceedings of the 42nd Congress of the International Institute of Public Finance Athens, 1986 = Modifications dans les structures des recettes publiques
The origins of the ownership society : how the defined contribution paradigm changed America
Trillion dollar baby : how Norway beat the oil giants and won a lasting fortune
Sosiaalisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto : välittömien verojen kohtaanto = The incidence of social transfers : the incidence of direct taxes
A general anti-avoidance rule for direct taxes : a response to the Inland Revenue's consultative document
Labour supply, unemployment and income taxation : an empirical application for Finnish females
Optimal income taxation, outsourcing and policy cooperation in a dynamic economy
Personal income tax systems under changing economic conditions : report by the Committee on fiscal affairs of OECD
The theory of fiscal economics
Catching capital : the ethics of tax competition
Further remarks on income tax evasion
Monitoring revenue trends and tax reforms in Member States 2008 : joint EC-EPC 2008 report
Income redistribution within the life cycle versus between individuals : Empirical evidence using swedish panel data
Economic effects of fundamental tax reform
Income taxes and their effect on entrepreneurship
Taxation of land transactions
