http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9411 administrative tribunals
administrative tribunals
Courts, justice, and efficiency : a socio-legal study of economic rationality in adjudication
Implementing EC law in the United Kingdom : structures for indirect rule
Abstract: Justice and society - multiple faces of jurisprudence, XIV Finninsh Law Conference
The European Union : politics and policies
China's Legal System
The government and politics of the European Union
The unseen hand : unelected EU legislators
Abstract.
Autonomy : applications and implications
The Charter of the United Nations : a commentary. Vol. 1
Rethinking good administration in the European Union : Sixth Seminar of the National Ombudsmen of EU Member States and Candidate Countries : Strasbourg, 14-16 October 2007
Accountability in the European Union
Law courts and lawyers in the city of London, 1300-1550
The sociology of law : an introduction
The evolution of EU law
The Charter of the United Nations : a commentary. Vol. 2
Criminal justice systems in Europe and North America : Israel
The foundations of European Union law : an introduction to the constitutional and administrative law of the European Union
The institutions of the European Union
Administrative law in a global era
Danish law in a European perspective
Papal justice : subjects and courts in the Papal State, 1500-1750
Statute and rules : provisions in force with effect from 1 January 2001
Competition law handbook for the EU and Nordic-Baltic area : Finland, Sweden, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania
This book is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts, providing students with everything they need to know. The Institutions of the European Union is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts. Updates for the fourth edition include discussions of the impact of the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty and the euro crisis on the EU's institutions. Authoritative yet accessible, it remains the best guide to how this range of different bodies work together to provide political direction, manage policies, and integrate contrasting interests within the European Union.
Judicial lawmaking and administrative law
Europeanisation of administrative justice? : the influence of the ECJ's case law in Italy, Germany and England
Courthouse violence : protecting the judicial workplace
Constitutional policy and change in Europe
The foundations of European Union Law : an introduction to the constitutional and administrative law of the European Union
Proceedings before the Supreme Administrative Courts : Third Congress of the IASAJ : Helsinki 19-21 June 1989 : general report
Judgements of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal : numbers 371 to 438, 1986-1988
EU law : text, cases, and materials
Case-law of the World Bank administrative tribunal : an analytical digest. 1
Democracy transformed? : expanding political opportunities in advanced industrial democracies
Seminar on the judicial administration in the new millennium : Beijing 16-18 November 1999 : proceedings
Finnish legal system and recent development : XVIIth International Congress of Comparative Law organised by the International Academy of Comparative Law, 16-22 July 2006, Utrecht, Netherlands
The legal and practical effects of judgments in matters of administrative law : national report from Finland
The law of the international civil service : (as applied by international administrative tribunals) : C.F. Amerasinghe. Vol. 1.
Administrative law
Administrative justice and asylum appeals : a study of tribunal adjudication
Governance out of a box : ICT4State-building - African experiences and opportunities / edited by Suvi Tuominen and Stephen Lyabandi
EDP systems for the administration of courts and related systems, Madrid, 14-16 October 1986 : paper submitted by the Finnish delegation
The law of the international civil service : (as applied by international administrative tribunals)
The state of the European Community : policies, institutions and debates in the transition years
Statute and rules : provisions in force with effect from 1 January 1998
Judicial review
Principles of French law
The European court and civil society : litigation, mobilization and governance
Judicial discretion in European perspective
EU administrative law
State liability : tort law and beyond
Governing through courts. ed. by Richard A. L. Gambitta, Marlynn L. Mary, James C. Forster
Administrative justice in India
Past, present and futures : policing in Central and Eastern Europe
European Union : power and policy-making
Europeanization and national politics
Judgements of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal
Judging policy : courts and policy reform in democratic Brazil
Regime interaction in international law : facing fragmentation
The foundations of European Community law : an introduction to the constitutional and administrative law of the European Community
Women in the criminal justice system
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
The United Nations
Processing personal data for journalistic purposes
French administrative law
Conclusions and suggestions (s. 173-183).
Criminal justice system in England and Wales
Judgements of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal : numbers 1 to 70, 1950-1957
Understanding European Union institutions
Rule of law principles in international reconstruction
Judgements of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal : numbers 87 to 113, 1963-1967
Law and institutions of the European Communities
The American legal system : the administration of justice in the United States by judicial, administrative, military, and arbitral tribunals
The europeanisation of administrative law : transforming national decision-making procedures
Transitional justice and development : making connections
ROMANIA SPRE STATUL DE DREPT = LA ROUMANIE VERS L'ETAT DE DROIT = ROMANIA TOWARDS THE STATE GOVERNED BY THE RULE OF LAW
The law of the international civil service : (as applied by international administrative tribunals). Vol. 2
Legal foundations of Russian economy
Making and applying law in Finland
New governance and the EU courts : the experimentalist architecture of judicial decision-making
Judgements of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal : numbers 114 to 166, 1968-1972
The international mandate system and Namibia
The Supreme Administrative Court of Finland
Wyatt and Dashwood's European community law
Documents on international administrative tribunals
The law of the international civil service : (as applied by international administrative tribunals). 1
