http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9429 unfaithfulness
unfaithfulness infidelity
Half of a yellow sun
The romance of adultery : queenship and sexual transgression in Old French literature
Nutshell : a novel
The lost years
The affair. Season one
Bring up the bodies
Other people's husbands
The great Gatsby
The aromatic bitters
Learning by heart
Myth of monogamy : fidelity and infidelity in animals and people
The understudy
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Evolutionary aesthetics
Perfect
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Death is now my neighbour
My husband's affair became the best thing that ever happened to me
Worst fears
Beat the bitch : how to stop the other woman stealing your man
One good turn
Illat meren rannalla : Nights in Rodanthe
Strange girls and ordinary women
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
So long at the fair
And what do you do?
In secret
The painted veil
Nutshell
Charlotte Street
The quickie
Forging a friendship based on their mutual hatred of a philandering boy, five girls imagine a perfect way to kill him and must prove their innocence when he is killed in the exact manner they envisioned.
The girl at the Lion d'Or
Jealousy
Lust in translation : infidelity from Tokyo to Tennessee
Lessons in heartbreak
The secrets of married women
London belongs to us
Totally captivated. Vol. 5
The state of affairs : explorations in infidelity and commitment
The forgotten waltz
Make my wish come true
Love and other drama ramas
Married lovers
The dilemma
The good girl's guide to bad men
Not "just friends" : rebuilding trust and recovering your sanity after infidelity
Our cheating hearts : love and loyalty, lust and lies
Love may fail
Third degree
The mistress : histories, myths and interpretations of the `other woman'
A partisan's daughter
Among the ten thousand things
You, me & other people
I saw the light
Too close to home
Nine uses for an ex-boyfriend
The loft
Deception
Love cheat
Midnight fugue
Defrosting Edmund
Seeing other people
The winter war
A stain on the silence
How can I ever trust you again? : infidelity : from discovery to recovery in seven steps
The Tiger Woods syndrome  : why men prowl and how not to become the prey
Californication. The final season
The life and soul of the party
One hundred days of happiness
Totally captivated. Vol. 3
Power and resistance in couple therapy : a case of infidelity
Three letters
Adultery : a novel
Totally captivated. Vol. 4
Husbands and lies
What you don't know
Perfect : pretty little liars
Adultery
Worst fears : a novel
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
The good life
Left of the bang
Totally captivated. Vol. 6
Sex, love and lies
Thinks... : a novel
The perfectionists
I give it a year
Family matters : catholic theology of the family
Charlotte street
The Rebound
Seven years : a novel
The Paris wife : a novel
Totally captivated. Vol. 2
The last honeytrap
The last bachelor
How the Employees of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland Regard Infidelity? : An Attitude Survey in the Dioceses of Espoo and Lapua
Totally captivated. Vol. 1
Home is where the heart is, and Kate thinks a lot about making people feel at home. She works for a global hotel corporation. She has two young children, and a husband of ten years. Now, both Kate's home and her heart are about to implode: she has discovered a series of emails from her husband Adam to another woman. Probing for answers, she realizes this not the worst possible discovery - in fact, it is only the beginning. As her family unravels, Kate's job becomes increasingly demanding - but how can she provide the perfect guest experience when her own foundations have been knocked away? She tries to hold things together for her daughters, but doesn't know what to tell them when they ask when Adam is coming home. Who was the man with whom Kate built a life? And what is he to her now? Told with warmth, wit and grace, Lover is a novel about marriage, family, and work - an unforgettable account of having the strength to find one's place in the world.
The mark of the angel
Closer : iholla
The good husband of Zebra Drive
Woman to woman
