http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p942 public finances
public finances public economy
The theory of public finance : a study in public economy
On disequilibrium effects of financing government deficits under credit rationing
Public-private sector pay gaps over the business cycle
Budgeting : a comparative theory of budgetary processes
Public investment and public-private partnerships
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Monitoring fiscal adjustments in the European Union and EMU
Public expenditures in communist and capitalist nations
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Cost benefit analysis
Resources for education : an economic study of education in the United Kingdom, 1920-1965
How to limit government spending
Surveys in public sector economics
Evolution of the Budgeting Process in St.Petersburg
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Public policy with monopolistic markets
Public finance : an introduction to the study of the public economy
The international debt problem - prospects and solutions
The economic theory of fiscal policy
Public supply contracts in the European Community
Regional budgets and intergovernmental transfers in Russian  North and Northwest regions
Fiscal transition in the Baltics
One of the key objectives of the Government Programme is to raise the employment rate to 72% by the end of the parliamentary term. This means increasing the current number of people in employment by just over 100,000 by the end of 2019. If near-term economic growth is to remain around 1%, i.e. as foreseen in the baseline forecast, achievement of the objective will be unlikely. On the basis of the alternative scenario, attainment of the employment objective in the Government Programme requires markedly faster economic growth than at present. GDP growth in 2017-2019 should average 2.5% annually, i.e. about 1.3 percentage points faster than the baseline suggests, in order for the objective to be attained..
Topics in public economics : theoretical and applied analysis
The economics of public finance : essays by Alan S. Blinder and Robert M. Solow, George F. Break, Peter O. Steiner, Dick Netzer
In 1997 the Russian economy seemed to have overcome inflation and to be poised for economic growth.But as it turned out there was little time to enjoy the fruits of financial stabilization, which was overturned by the 1998 crisis.Some reasons for inconsistencies in the Russian financial stabilization program are analysed here, as well as the conflict between the stability objective of monetary policy and the potentially inflationary budgetary policy that evolved in Russia in 1995-1997.Also discussed are certain trends in macroeconomic performance in 1996-1997 that raised the probability of a financial crisis. .
The national debt and the new economics
Government financial management in least developed countries
Fiscal federalism in Russia : intergovernmental transfers and the financing of education
Public sector environmental protection expenditure
People's republic of China: an economic assessment : a compendium of papers submitted to the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The government and capital formation
Third World military expenditure : determinants and implications
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Sustainability of public finances
The growth of government in developed economies
Immigration will bring about a favourable change in the age structure, as the majority of immigrants are young adults. The effects on the public finances will above all depend on the impact of population growth on the costs of various publicly funded services and on the labour market performance of the immigrants. While population growth increases the costs of some publicly funded services, not all the costs will grow proportionally with the population. The average employment rate for immigrants is lower than for natives but it can be influenced. Immigration does not appear to weaken the employment prospects for the native population..
Fiscal policy in the smaller industrial countries, 1972-82
Structural reforms in the economy and fiscal sustainability
The international debt crisis of the Third World : causes and consequences for the world economy
On the political economy of social security and public education
The growth of public expenditure in the United Kingdom
The public wealth of nations : how management of public assets can boost or bust economic growth
Challenges for China's public spending : toward greater effectiveness and equity
Russia's treasury bill market has taken off in recent years.The volume of outstanding stock has grown manyfold, so that the volume of trading on the secondary market is now enough to ensure liquidity.The yields of treasury bills, which once fluctuated wildly in response to trends in inflation and political uncertainty, have now settled to low enough levels where they may actually help stabilize Russian financial markets.If this, happens, we may soon expect to see increasing investments in production capacity. The T-bill market is mainly regulated by the Central Bank of Russia, which uses treasury bills as an instrument of monetary policy.Meanwhile, the government of the Federation of Russia has increasingly sought to use the T-bill market as a source of revenue.As the Central Bank of Russia will no longer extend direct credit to the government, inflation has naturally fallen.However, if there are to be further cuts in the yields of treasury bills, the government would probably have to curtail its borrowing.For this to happen the government must cut expenditures even further or improve its tax collection systems. .
Essays on redistribution and local public expenditures
Public finance in Canada : selected readings
International bank supervision
Fiscal federalism in Russia
What is crowding out in fiscal policy?
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
A brief assessment of Russia's treasury bill market
Public sector accounting
Public expenditure analysis : with special reference to human resources
Accession to the EU is one of the biggest challenges for the CEECs in the coming years.Sound and sustainable public finances are crucial for the transformation towards a market economy to be continued (completed), as well as for the country's ability to comply with the membership requirements.As the long-term macroeconomic stability depends heavily on sound and sustainable fiscal balances, the structural reforms that will strengthen public finances should be a task of a highest priority for applicant countries.  The measurement of the budgetary position in transition economies presents important difficulties, as the quality and comparability of statistics is still poor, and as those less visible forms of fiscal deficit (i.e. the quasi-fiscal deficit and the contingent deferred fiscal deficit) are clearly linked with the postponements in structural reforms.  Furthermore, there is unquestioned interdependence between fiscal policy (budgetary aggregates) and the transition process (changes in macro- and microeconomic performance of the country).Indeed, one can hardly expect a successful balanced-budget policy during the entire journey from plan to market.To the extent that fiscal imbalances reflect the costs of necessary adjustments, they may be temporarily justified (as 'transitional' deficits).Thus, the most difficult issue in designing and implementing fiscal policy during transition is choosing a proper balance between the need to achieve macroeconomic stability (which require fiscal discipline) and the need to pursue structural, market-oriented (and fiscally costly) reforms.In practice, in the short run, this can lead to conflicts between quality and quantity of fiscal adjustment.  When the quality of fiscal adjustment is poor, the current 'good' quantities are not the evidence of sound public finances.Slow progress in structural reforms, which is not fully reflected in current budgetary aggregates, poses a risk of future fiscal imbalances and constitutes a threat to macroeconomic stabilization and sustainable growth.Therefore, further progress in restructuring the economy and reducing the role that the state plays in production and resource allocation remain the main challenges for sustainable fiscal position in transition economies.   The current levels of government spending in the relatively poor transition countries are much too excessive.The need to finance high government spending (strongly dominated by current transfers) makes impossible the reduction of the overall heavy fiscal burden on the economy.Such a burden creates a strong barrier to fast growth and leads to the development of the underground economy.  With this unfavourable current situation any pressure on the expenditure side will deteriorate fiscal position.Such pressures will derive from the continuous progress in structural reform as well as from the process of the preparation to accession.  As discussed in this paper, the budget deficit, as usually measured, has important shortcomings as an indicator of sound and sustainable public finances in transition economies.But this does not mean that fiscal imbalances are the matter of irrelevance. Instead, the medium term reform programs should address the need to reduce the fiscal deficit, but this goal can be achieved only by reshaping government expenditure with priorities given to productive activities (such as investment in infrastructure and in human capital), together with reducing the size of public spending.   Keywords: budget, deficit, European Union, fiscal policy .
Indian public finances
Public finance and public choice : analytical perspectives
Modern public economics
Russian fiscal framework: past, present and future. : do we need a change?
Public finance and less developed economy : with special reference to Latin Amereica
Public goods and public policy
The economics of public services : proceeding of a conference held by the International economic association at Turin, Italy : ed. by Martin S. Feldstein, Robert P. Inman
General government debt by qua[r]ter
Public sector budgets : a comparative study
La responsabilité des fonctionnaires chargés de la gestion des deniers publics = The responsibility/accountability of civil servants entrusted with public funds
Urban public finance
An empirical examination of government expenditures and the exante crowding out effect for the British economy
The philosophy of taxation and public finance
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Quantity rationing and the effectiveness of fiscal policy
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces' supply chain management
Public finance in a democratic society : collected papers of Richard A. Musgrave. Vol. 1, Social goods, taxation and fiscal policy
Journal of public economics
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
A handbook of alternative theories of public economics
A study in public finance
Public finance in a democratic society : collected papers of Richard A. Musgrave. Vol. 2, Fiscal doctrine, growth and institutions
Russia : Virtual stabilization and real crisis
Modern public finance
Quantitative analysis in public finance
Public finance
The growth of American government : a morphology of the welfare state
The impacts of permanent shoreline residential housing on municipal economies.
Public-private consumption tradeoffs and the effectiveness of tax-financed fiscal policy
Trust in public finance and service delivery : citizens' views towards the payment of taxes and public administrative accountability in Cameroon
Handbook of public economics. Vol. 2 [Elektronisk resurs]
Soviet economy in a time of change : a compendium of papers submitted to the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States
Achievement of the employment objective requires faster economic growth
Report of the study group on the role of public finance in European integration. 2, Individual contributions and working papers
Getting and spending : public expenditure, employment and inflation
The economic analysis of government and related themes
The economics of public finance
The Portuguese financial system
Public economic theory and policy
New conditions for growth in Russia
This comprehensive and thought-provoking Handbook reviews public sector economics from pluralist perspectives that either complement or reach beyond mainstream views. The book takes a comprehensive interdisciplinary approach, drawing on economic elements in the fields of philosophy, sociology, psychology, history and law. The expert contributors present new methodological approaches across these disciplines in five distinct sections: 'Revisiting the Theoretical Foundations' compares and contrasts Austrians, Marxists, public choice theorists and Keynesians, 'Revisiting the Values' is concerned with justice, welfare, religions and civil rights, 'Beyond Rationalistic Rational Choice' includes chapters devoted to memory, information and group motivation, The final sections on 'Optimal Government and Government Failure' and 'Public Economics of Public Bads' deal with competition among governments, their suboptimal size, regulation, corruption, the informal economy, cognitive dissonance, rent seeking, the UN and criminal cycles.
This paper surveys theoretical literature on fiscal federalism, noting several concepts useful in understanding features typical to countries in transition.We argue that some of the concepts of standard fiscal federalism do not apply to transition economics as they do elsewhere.For example, normally undesirable inter-regional competition may actually benefit the transition process by forcing regions to alter their patterns of public spending.We further suggest that practices such as in-kind transfers may carry additional benefits in a transition environment.The paper makes extensive use of observations from Russia's system of inter-governmental relations. Keywords: fiscal federalism, transitional countries, Russia .
The political economy of public administration : institutional choice in the public sector
Handbook of public economics. Vol. 1 [Elektronisk resurs]
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Finland is now facing problems similar to those with which Japan has already struggled for more than a decade. The population is ageing, and slow economic growth is not generating sufficient funds to cover swelling public expenditure. General government debt threatens to become unsustainable. From the perspective of Finnish economic policy, an examination of the situation in Japan emphasises the importance of structural measures. If decisions on reforming the structures of the economy are postponed far into the future, in the light of Japan's experiences this may result in reduced growth and employment, with consequent high costs..
The collapse of the Soviet fiscal system: what should be done?
Spatial interaction and local government expenditures for functionally impaired in Sweden
Pricing and investment of common property
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
The nonmarket sector : structural reforms and economic growth
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Conclusion (s. 131-149).
Public goods and the public sector
On the road to the European Union : some remarks on  budgetary performance in Transition Economies
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Lectures on public economics
This study examines the Russian public finance system. It provides a description of the main fiscal reforms introduced by the Government from the moment of dissolution of the USSR, which enabled a reduction in the economy's dependency on nonrenewable resources. In scrutinizing the fiscal stabilization, we conduct a fiscal impulse factor analysis and estimate the degree of the fiscal-policy cyclicality in the period 2000-2013. The estimates show fiscal policy was procyclical in 2006-2008 and stabilizing during the rest of the period. The study also discusses fiscal sustainability issues for the period up to 2050 under two socio-economic scenarios. The size of the necessary fiscal consolidation under the current fiscal strategy is calculated and an alternative strategy is investigated.  Keywords: fiscal framework, fiscal policy, fiscal sustainability, Russia .
Classics in the theory of public finance
Public expenditure and the private sector
Finland's long-term growth outlook
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
The design of economic accounts
Quarterly sector accounts
What determines regional inequality in China? / a survey of  the literature and official data
Challenges to fiscal adjustment in Latin America : the cases of Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Mexico
Evaluation and effective public management
Public capital spending : development and impact
Is Finland following the same path as Japan?
Competitive governments : an economic theory of politics and public finance
Welfare economics of the second best
Government budgeting in developing countries
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Government reform in New Zealand
Health system financing reforms and its impact on access to health care in low and lower middle income countries of WHO European Region : a systematic review
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Public finance and fiscal policy : an analyis of government spending, revenue, and debt
In market economies we can clearly make a distinction between the area of public finance and the area of private finance.In the centrally planned economies the distinction between private and public finance did not actually exist, because all economic activities as well as all finance were public.Given that, one can argue that transition from a centrally-planned to a market economy includes a radical fiscal restructuring. In principle, fiscal policy in transition economies was aimed at promoting economic recovery and creating favourable conditions for economic operators while maintaining reasonable social security. The fiscal stability was seen as an important signal of the government's commitment to economic stabilization.This, in turn, would increase public confidence in government.After the brake-up of the Soviet Union, most of the successor states experienced large fiscal deficits.Compared to other countries of the FSU, the Baltic states were able to maintain rather moderate deficits.One explanation for this can be that the initial fiscal position in all three Baltic states was better than in Russia and the transition economies in central Europe, and partly because of the early budget reforms in 1990-91.The Baltic countries practised tight fiscal policies right from the start of their independence.Another explanation for the Baltics' better success in maintaining fiscal stability can be explained by the fact that during the old Soviet system, the Baltic countries, especially Latvia and Lithuania, contributed large net transfers to the Soviet Union's budget.Once the Soviet Union collapsed, these transfers were abolished and the Baltic countries's financial balances improved significantly.The initial surplus in the fiscal accounts and better revenue performance made it easier to implement strict cash rationing as a means for expenditure control.Tight cas rationing has been an effective way to cut spending.Moreover, an additional factor explaining the success in expenditure policies has been the development of social security benefits.The shares of these transfers have remained fairly stable in all three Baltic states. Finally, it seems that Baltic governments have also been quite successful in reducing subsidies to very low levels.Despite the success, all three Baltic states have had trouble collecting budget revenues.Tax administration as well as control and payment mechanisms are still underdeveloped.In addition, due to a fact that many new private firms were not captured in the tax net, both taxes on wages and salaries, and VAT and other indirect taxes, may not have been fully collected from them.Budget revenues have further been negatively affected due to increase in tax arrears and falling profitability in state enterprises. Although the Baltic the Baltic countries managed to keep their fiscal deficits at quite low levels, deficits still emerged and therefore financing for these deficits had to be found.In respect of domestic financing, the government deficit has been mainly financed in the form of government bonds.The level of foreign financing, however, has been low due to a limited access to foreign capital markets. The future challange for economic policy in the Baltic countries is to ensure the availability of resources necessary to maintain growth, In this respect, fiscal policy should encourage savings, because they form the base for financing the high levels of investment required for sustained economic growth.One of the future challanges in all Baltic countries is the collecting of timely accurate, and accessible fiscal data that are consistent with the international standard of government finance statistics methodology.Also, we cannot ignore that social safety nets are under severe strain as a result of weak financial and administrative capacity.Further efforcts will focus also on tax policy; on improving the effectiveness of taxes by further broad.
The prolongation of the recession, accumulation of public debt and ageing of the population are eroding the growth potential of the Finnish economy. Potential output growth is expected to remain below 1% over the next 25 years.
Fiscal systems
Issues in intergovernmental fiscal relations : possible lessons for Economies in Transition
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Fiscal effects of immigration depend on labour market outcomes
Macroeconomics : theory, evidence, and policy
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
Public sector economics
Executive summary (s. 12-18).
The trend of public finance in the member states of the Community from 1966 to 1970.
Pace of debt growth disquieting
This paper considers Russian intergovernmental transfers and possible bases determining their share of regional budgets.By concentrating on ten regions in the North and Northwest, possible causes of the highly uneven per capita distribution of federal funds in these regions are noted.Due to the small sample size and problematic statistical data, the paper confines itself mainly to description.  Keywords: Russia, regions, intergovernmental transfers, regional budgets .
The power to tax : analytical foundations of a fiscal constitution
The paper gives a brief overview of the evolving fiscal federalist relations in post-Soviet Russia from the early 1990s up to recent changes in 2004.Since the initial period of disintegration and the “parade of sovereignties” in the mid-1990s, the tide has clearly turned in favour of central power.The authors describe and discuss the main administrative reforms in this area initiated during Putin’s presidency.The paper also offers a characterisation of regional finances in terms of revenues, expenditures and transfers in recent years.The tendency towards recentralising economic and political decision-making is clearly observed. Key words: Russia, fiscal federalism, regional policy .
Public debt management : theory and history
General government deficit and debt
