http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9434 monkeys
monkeys
The apes of wrath
Primates : the fearless science of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Biruté Galdikas
Happy birthday Chimp and Zee
Beasts in my bed
A primate's memoir : [love, death and baboons in East Africa]
Curious George learns the alphabet
Curious George
Monkeys & apes : a potrait of the animal world
All about chimps
Cloud tea monkeys
Mr Monkey and the Fairy Tea Party
Super monkey ball deluxe : PlayStation 2
Monkey found a baby
Primates of the world : the amazing diversity of our closest relatives
The Mighty Skullboy Army. Vol. 1
The social behaviour of monkeys
Tarzan of the apes and other tales
Bunny vs. Monkey. Book three
Curious George and the pizza party
Y, The last man : Book one
Thinkers of the jungle
Dora's dance show
The anatomy of Callimico goeldii (Thomas) : a primitive American primate
The emergence of social cognition in three young chimpanzees
Willy's pictures
Monkey and the Little One
Willy the dreamer
Jane Goodall 50 years at Gombe : a tribute to five decades of wildlife research, education, and conservation
Five little monkeys jump in the bath
Voices in the park
Monkey's clever tale
It's a book
An itch to scratch
Is that a coconut? Yuck!
Akimbo and the baboons
Apes and monkeys
Can't catch me!
The mentality of apes
Only in dreams : a bedtime story
The Hartlepool monkey
Cinco monitos brincando en la cama = Five little monkeys jumping on the bed
Characteristics and determinants of sexual behaviour of laboratory-housed stump-tailed macaques (Macaca arctoides)
Super monkey ball adventure : PlayStation 2
Literature after Darwin : human beasts in western fiction, 1859-1939
Curious George visits the dentist
"A literary analysis of the popular genre of the informal primatology field narrative. Explores the works of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, Robert Sapolsky, and others in the contexts of scientific, literary, and conservation discourses"--
The adventures of Pipi the pink monkey
Little monkey
Curious George visits the library
Reaching into thought : the minds of the great apes
Macaca mulatta : management of a Laboratory Breeding Colony ed. by David Allen Valerio et. al
This is a serious book
Its A Little Book
Akimbo and his cousin Kosi accompany a scientist into the African bush to study the behavior of a troop of baboons.
Field studies of New World monkeys, La Macarena, Colombia
Monkey and me
Chimp and Zee's first words and pictures
Primate behavior and the emergence of human culture
Great ape societies
Curious George takes a job
Dora's new adventures. Dora goes to school
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
Mr Monkey plays football
Walker's primates of the world
The giraffe and the pelly and me
Curious George's 5-minute stories
Sweet dreams, Curious George
Beatrice and Virgil : a novel
Developing a social psychology of monkeys and apes
Old world monkeys : evolution, systematics and behaviour : proceedings
Playtime
The twits
Storytelling apes : primatology narratives past and future
Nestor
Love monkey
Tarzan : the jungle warrior
Monkey : the classic Chinese adventure tale
Somatosensory potentials from the exposed cortex in monkey and from the scalp in man related to the sensory magnitude of tactual stimulation
Planet of the apes
Five little monkeys bake a birthday cake
Kindred beings : what seventy-three chimpanzees taught me about life, love, and connection
Night monkey day monkey
On becoming human : a model of the transition from ape to human & the reconstruction of early human social life
Monkey Nuts. [book 1] : the diamond egg of wonders
Three little monkeys
The rescue princesses : the lost gold
Men and apes
Beatrice and Virgil
Momo and Snap are not friends!
Chimp and Zee and the big storm
The biology of art : a study of the picture-making behaviour of the great apes and its relationship to human art
Thimble monkey superstar
Betty goes bananas in her pyjamas
The girl with no name : the incredible true story of a child raised by monkeys
The films of Tim Burton : animating live action in contemporary Hollywood
The Twits
Ape house
No more teasing!
Little Chick and the secret sleep
Merry christmas, Curious George
Jeremy and Amy : [the extraordinary story of one man and his orang-utan]
Kiki the orangutan : the big banana festival
Tarzan of the apes
