http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p944 production
production
Producer to producer : insider tips for entertainment media
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 2, The past, the present, and the future
Information technology for advanced manufacturing systems : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.3 International Conference on Information Technology for Advanced Manufacturing Systems, Nanjing, P. R. China, 17-19 September 1991
Production management for film and video
Global manufacturing practices : a worldwide survey of practices in production planning and control
Optimization models and concepts in production management
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Technology of Furniture Production
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
New optimal process of making a guitar
Operations management strategy
Production functions
Iron gall inks : on manufacture characterisation degration and stabilisation
Effective FMEAs : achieving safe, reliable, and economical products and processes using failure mode and effects analysis
Solid-supported thin films : application for biosensors
The filmmaker's guide to production design
The VES handbook of visual effects : industry standard VFX practices and procedures
Information infrastructure systems for manufacturing : proceedings of the JSPE/IFIP TC5/WG5.3 Workshop on the Design of Information Infrastructure Systems for Manufacturing, DIISM '93, Tokyo, 8-10 November, 1993
New trends in system reliability evaluation
The impacts of industrial dynamics
Production theory : proceedings of an international seminar, held at the University of Karlsruhe, May-July 1973
Information infrastructure systems for manufacturing II : IFIP TC5 WG5.3/5.7 Third International Working Conference on the Design of Information Infrastructure Systems for Manufacturing (DIISM'98), May 18-20, 1998, Forth Worth, Texas
Analyzing and Forecasting the Russian Market for MHG Systems Oy. : Wood Pellet Production in Russia.
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Trade, status, population growth, and environment in developing countries
Orders, production, and investment - a cyclical and structural analysis
Production part approval process : (PPAP)
Performance measurement : proceedings of the Seminar "Special Topics in CIM I", Autumn 1996
Fundamentals of semiconductor fabrication
Production and operations management : strategies and tactics
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2002
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
The world of cotton
Implementation of Lean Manufacturing Tools in Garment Manufacturing Process Focusing Sewing Section of Men’s Shirt
Special event production : the resources
Implementation of Lean manufacturing tools in garment manufacturing process focusing sewing section of men's shirt
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Working with video : a comprehensive guide to the world of video production
Improving health and welfare of pigs : a handbook for organic pig farmers
Implementation of pulp and paper sludge in anaerobic wetdigester : Pilot scale Mobile Biogas plant technology
Project-based software engineering : an object-oriented approach
Project management in chinese work environment - Case confectionary test center
Production, employment and inflation in the Baltic countries
Allocation, information and markets : the New Palgrave
CAD/CAM/CIM
From demo to delivery : the process of production
The global manufacturing revolution : product-process-business integration and reconfigurable systems
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Recent developments in production economics : proceedings of the Fourth International Working Seminar on Production Economics, Igls, Austria, February 17-21, 1986
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Simulation in Manufacturing
Evaluation of reed canary grass for different end-uses and in breeding
Material requirements planning employing input-output analysis and laplace transforms
Applying total quality management to systems engineering
Manufacturing systems : foundations of world-class practice
Game Production and Role of Game Producer : Case study: Research on demographic of gamers in Hanoi, Vietnam
Industrial output
The CES and par production techniques, income distribution and the neoclassical theory of production
AUTOMATED DATA GATHERING FOR INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTION TRACKING
Prenatal pain in album making process.  : How to anticipate and understand stressful situations and whether we can learn something from childbirth.
Evolutionary computing in advanced manufacturing
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Manufacturing and erection of telecommunication towers
The production processes of a pressure parts manufacturer
Performance measurement : proceedings of the Seminar "Special Topics in CIM I", Autumn 1997
Analysis of the Manufacturing Process and Development of Vavles
Frederic Chopin's Chamber Music and Polish Songs
Production/operations management : from the inside out
The Asiatic mode of production : oriental despotism, historical materialism and Indian history
Introduction to media production : the path to digital media production
The Nordic and Baltic countries are in the frontline of replacing fossil fuel with renewables. An important question is how forest management of the productive parts of this region can support a sustainable development of our societies in reaching low or carbon neutral conditions by 2050. This may involve a 70% increased consumption of biomass and waste to meet the goals. The present review concludes that a 50-100% increase of forest growth at the stand scale, relative to today's common level of forest productivity, is a realistic estimate within a stand rotation (~70 years). Change of tree species, including the use of non-native species, tree breeding, introduction of high-productive systems with the opportunity to use nurse crops, fertilization and afforestation are powerful elements in an implementation and utilization of the potential. The productive forests of the Nordic and Baltic countries cover in total 63 million hectares, which corresponds to an average 51% land cover. The annual growth is 287 million m3 and the annual average harvest is 189 million m3 (65% of the growth). A short-term increase of wood-based bioenergy by utilizing more of the growth is estimated to be between 236 and 416 TWh depending on legislative and operational restrictions. Balanced priorities of forest functions and management aims such as nature conservation, biodiversity, recreation, game management, ground water protection etc. all need consideration. We believe that these aims may be combined at the landscape level in ways that do not conflict with the goals of reaching higher forest productivity and biomass production..
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
Ethics in quality
Tiivistelmä: The goal of this final year project was visualizing the Master ́ s Degree research in Change Management done by Remco Meisner and Roelof van Cleef at the VU University Amsterdam. The main goal of the project was to use a model called MINCE which is meant for evaluating the maturity level of organizations and to suggest ways to achieve a desired state.    A short film was created. The target group consisted of students of the change management department at the VU University Amsterdam and the staff of three organizations participating in the study.    The official premier of the film took place during the Master Dissertation presentation at the VU University Amsterdam. It was also shown in Andarr, an independent company based in Utrecht with more than sixty consultants in the field of ICT and management, (comma) in which Remco Meisner worked as a consultant at the time. The film can also be watched on YouTube and on the MINCE foundation website.    There might be need for continuation, since interest in studies in change management and in the MINCE model in particular is growing. The film can be developed further with voice over or subtitles in different languages.
Introduction to quality engineering : designing quality into products and processes
Compositing visual effects: essentials for the aspiring artist
The manufacturing advantage : achieving competitive manufacturing operations
An integrating framework for aggregate production resources
A quality revolution in manufacturing
Grazing management for Nordic organic dairy farming
Economic outlook
On Demand Product Development Customized For Production
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Spare Parts Business Processes Product Commodity Management Process Book
Expectation enterprise and profit : the theory of the firm
1992 national study of quality & productivity strategies in U.S. manufacturing : study results
Theory of production
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
Geology, mining and extractive processing of uranium : an international symposium, ... London, 17-19 January, 1977
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Factory positioning in an unpredictable environment : a managerial view of manufacturing strategy formation
Two major shifts in global energy markets have occurred over the past ten years. First, emerging economies now drive growth in global energy consumption and use more than half of all energy produced globally. The growth emphasis has clearly shifted to emerging economies. Second, traditional energy markets have been challenged by the arrival of unconventional hydrocarbons and plentiful liquefied natural gas. Renewable energy sources continue to meet an increasing share of consumption, yet even a few decades from now they will account for less than 20% of overall production. At the same time, access to unconventional oil and gas deposits has driven down production costs, especially in the United States and Canada. This has led to a dramatic drop in natural gas prices in North America even as energy prices have remained high in Europe.  Keywords: energy markets, shale gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) .
Technological processes of field drying in optimum production of peat
"This book recognizes that correctly done FMEAs are essential to achieving high quality and reliability in products and processes, and are the central core of Design for Six Sigma, Design for Reliability and other Quality and Reliability programs. The Objective of the book is to define the correct procedure for doing FMEAs and to outline specifically how to successfully apply the FMEA procedure in design, development, manufacturing, and service applications. The book will also share the most common mistakes in doing FMEAs and how to turn these into quality objectives, as well as how to implement effective FMEA processes in companies. It is a practical book showing both the practitioner and manager the key elements of successful FMEA systems. It is based upon the author's extensive experience with thousands of FMEAs, and a many dozen of companies. The reader will understand how to do FMEA correctly, and how to implement effective FMEA programs"--
Jane Austen, the secret radical
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 1, Revolution in progress
Automated data gathering for industrial production tracking
Computer integrated manufacturing : from fundamentals to implementation
This business of artist management
Independent fictional movie and customer based production : assessment of two approaches
The Role of the Feasibility Study in Business Development : Case: ZAO Sibirit-3
Production management methods : proceedings of the IFIP WG5.7 Working Conference on Evaluation of Production Management Methods, Gramado, Brazil, 21-24 March, 1994
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
The Fine Line Between Production House and Production Service: Implementation of Organizational Change – Case: Company X
Artist management for the music business
Study and Optimization of Flow Packing Unit : Famifarm Oy
Organic Grape and Wine Production Symposium : 3rd N. J. Shaulis Symposium : 21-22 March 1995, New York State Agricultural Experiment Station, Geneva, NY Jordan Hall
Increased forest biomass production in the Nordic and Baltic countries - a review on current and future opportunities
Improving Process the Efficiency of WPC Extrusion by a Production Loss Monitoring System : Case: UPM ProFi
Film studies : the basics
Reduction of lead time of screens and feeders
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
PA Design and Optimization : a closer look to the factors and steps needed to achieve a good sound.
Video production with a DSLR camera : A Guide to Video Production for Smaller Companies
Market Opportunities for Automotive Components Used in Non-automotive Applications Manufacturing : Estonian Industrial Market
Perry's chemical engineers handbook. Section 9, Process economics
Optimal oil production and use of oil revenues under uncertain oil prices
Demand uncertainty and production opportunities : the effects of excess supply on production
Improving component reuse in software development
Business plans for filmmakers
SIMTER  - A joint simulation tool for production development
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
Winning manufacturing : the how-to book of succesful manufacturing
Turpeen pientuotanto = Small-scale production in Finland
Shortening the set-up-time in juice production process : the use of Lean methods
Russia's gas business / facts, challenges and the road to  reform
The Russian gas sector, one of Russia's key industries, needs urgent reform to deal with ageing gas fields, excessive state regulation, monopolistic control over the industry and inadequate, outdated pipeline infrastructure.The dangers of supply disruptions are particularly striking in view of ever-increasing demand for natural gas in Russia's domestic market and internationally.To prevent Russian natural gas supply from decline, three major issues must be addressed.First, regulation has kept domestic prices artificially low and eliminated incentives to make necessary investments.Second, independent producers still lack fair access to the market, especially the pipeline network.Third, there is a compelling need for systematic investment.Keywords: Russia, Natural Gas, Energy, Reform .
Cimosa : Open system architecture for CIM
Manufacturing in transition
CH4 emissions from a West Siberian mire
Ideology or business : meanings of farm animal welfare in the Finnish Association for Organic Farming
Visualizing change management as academic competence of customer
NJF Seminar 405 : Production and utilization of crops for energy, Vilnus, Lithuania 25-26 September 2007
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit: A case studies to BETKER OY, Ylivieska- 84100, Finland
How to shoot video that doesn't suck
Consumers' perceptions of ethical products
Improving The Performance and Efficiency of Wrap-Around-Machine : Case: Famifarm Oy, Joroinen Finland
Production and consumption : mirrors of each other?
Industrial and corporate change
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
The aperitif companion : a connoisseur's guide to the world of aperitifs
Aggregate production function in Finland : a study in method
Integrated product, process and enterprise design
New orders in manufacturing
Better designs in half the time : implementing QFD quality function deployment in America
The art of record production
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Basics of video production
Learning in and for production : an activity-theoretical study of the historical development of distributed systems of generalizing
Production and operations management : total quality and responsiveness
Production investment behaviour : application to six EEC-countries
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Lean Six Sigma Method Applied for Increasing Transparency : Case: Company X Optimizing the Repairing Process in the Production Line
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Manufacture of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and their precursors : list of national manufacturers authorized to manufacture or convert specific narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and of the substances actually manufactured or converted by them during ..
Aggregate versus industry-specific sources of economic growth and business cycle fluctuations
Life on the road : a beginnerś guide to the stage production touring industry
How to become a record producer
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 4, Economic and social impacts
How movies work
Production flow analysis for planning group technology
Could it be a movie? : how to get an idea out of your head and up on the screen
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Handbook of Industrial and Systems Engineering
Germination of pretreated Scots pine seeds after long-term storage
Biofuels engineering process technology
Period batch control
About the Book: The new edition of CAD/CAM/CIM has been brought out to focus on the response of CIM technology to address to new challenges faced by manufacturing in the new millennium. CIM is moving towards more and more sophistication in exploiting the capabilities of computer hardware and software. This book gives a detailed account of various technologies which form computer based automation of manufacturing activities. Computer aided shape design and geometric modeling have been revised and an introduction to robust design has been added. Design coverage is enlarged by adding FEA.
Abstract: The purpose of this Thesis was to develop a professional workflow for a video production and to deliver a customer a script which could be used as a base for a professional and coherent educational video production that would showcase the advantages of an online platform through a real life case. The goal for the customer was to make the online platform more known to possible end users and to present the abilities of the platform in both student and business environment. The project was developed in collaboration with the customer, company maintaining the online platform and the University that was using the platform in their own case.    During the project the workflow for a professional video production was developed through an independent short film production. The pre-production, production and post production phases offered valuable practical information and skills for the foundations of a workflow for a single person.    In the Thesis the customers need for the production and the desired style for the production were solved. In the beginning of the project also the roles of the different parties involved and their workflow during the project were investigated. The Universitys own project was found out to be suitable for documentation as a real life example almost unaltered. However, the project of the University was a long-lasting one and only part of the project was decided to be documentary style and the conclusion would be dramatized.    As a result of the Thesis, a script that could be used to produce a professional educational video with narrative was written. Professional video production is at its best when it is done as a group work and different tasks are distributed to people that have the required special expertise. One man operation always suffers from lower quality to some degree because everyone is good at something but nobody is good at everything.
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
Production/operations management
Economics of household production
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Reliability and maintainability : guideline for manafacturing machinery and equipment
Productivity and quality improvement in government : proceedings [of the] Second International Symposium on Productivity and Quality Improvement with a Focus on Government, Washington (D.C.), September 8-10, 1993
Measurement and calibration for quality assurance
Production planning development at KM Pakkaus
Principles of operations management
Production/operations management : text and cases
Intelligent manufacturing systems
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Comparison of approaches to integrate energy wood estimation into the Finnish compartment inventory system
Past pollen production reconstructed from needle production in Pinus sylvestris at the northern timberline : a tool for evaluating palaeoclimate reconstructions
Production and foreign trade of high-technology products in Finland
The organisation, planning and control of production in clothing manufacture
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Willie's chocolate factory cookbook
Interfaces in industrial systems for production and engineering : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.10 Working Conference on Interfaces in Industrial Systems for Production and Engineering, Darmstadt, Germany, 15-17 March, 1993
Operations internationalization : review and model proposal
Advances in production management systems : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.7 5th International Conference on Advances in Production Management Systems - APMS '93, Athens, Greece, 28-30 September, 1993
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Wood Door Manufacturing Process and Research on Chinese Wood Door Industry
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
Orlicky's material requirements planning
The transformation of global energy markets
Natural prevention of internal and external parasites in sheep, Case Tauroa
Using ERP as Data Source for Discrete-event Simulation Model
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2004
Russia: out of the post-soviet macroeconomic deadlock through a labyrinth of reforms
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Applied production analysis : a dual approach
Uranium 2007 : resources, production and demand : a joint report by the OECD Nuclear Energy Agency and the International Atomic Energy Agency
Nutrition of deciduous tree species grown in short rotation stands
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2003
Concise encyclopedia of materials economics, policy & management
Tiivistelmä: Operations internationalization : review and model proposal.
Operation management : decision making in the operations function
