http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9442 libertarianism
libertarianism
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Libertarianism without inequality
Liberals and communitarians
Free will : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 3, Libertarianism, alternative possibilities, and moral responsibility
The Oxford handbook of political philosophy
"This book surveys the leading modern theories of property - Lockean, libertarian, utilitarian/law-and-economics, personhood, Kantian and human flourishing - and then applies those theories to concrete contexts in which property issues have been especially controversial. These include redistribution, the right to exclude, regulatory takings, eminent domain and intellectual property. The book highlights the Aristotelian human flourishing theory of property, providing the most comprehensive and accessible introduction to that theory to date. The book's goal is neither to cover every conceivable theory nor to discuss every possible facet of the theories covered. Instead, it aims to make the major property theories comprehensible to beginners, without sacrificing accuracy or sophistication. The book will be of particular interest to students seeking an accessible introduction to contemporary theories of property, but even specialists will benefit from the book's lucid descriptions of contemporary debates"--
"As today's preeminent doomsday investor Mark Spitznagel describes his Daoist and roundabout investment approach, "one gains by losing and loses by gaining." This is Austrian Investing, an archetypal, counterintuitive, and proven approach, gleaned from the 150-year-old Austrian School of economics, that is both timeless and exceedingly timely. In The Dao of capital, hedge fund manager and tail-hedging pioneer Mark Spitznagel--with one of the top returns on capital of the financial crisis, as well as over a career--takes us on a gripping, circuitous journey from the Chicago trading pits, over the coniferous boreal forests and canonical strategists from Warring States China to Napoleonic Europe to burgeoning industrial America, to the great economic thinkers of late 19th century Austria. We arrive at his central investment methodology of Austrian Investing, where victory comes not from waging the immediate decisive battle, but rather from the roundabout approach of seeking the intermediate positional advantage (what he calls shi), of aiming at the indirect means rather than directly at the ends. The monumental challenge is in seeing time differently, in a whole new intertemporal dimension, one that is so contrary to our wiring. Spitznagel is the first to condense the theories of Ludwig von Mises and his Austrian School of economics into a cohesive and--as Spitznagel has shown--highly effective investment methodology. From identifying the monetary distortions and non-randomness of stock market routs (Spitznagel's bread and butter) to scorned highly-productive assets, in Ron Paul's words from the foreword, Spitznagel "brings Austrian economics from the ivory tower to the investment portfolio. "The Dao of capital provides a rare and accessible look through the lens of one of today's great investors to discover a profound harmony with the market process--a harmony that is so essential today"--
The impossible community : realizing communitarian anarchism
Equality, rights and the autonomous self : toward a conservative economics
Merchants of doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
The road to serfdom : text and documents
Ayn Rand nation : the hidden struggle for America's soul
"Most contemporary moral and political philosophers would like to have an argument showing that morality is rationally required. In From Rationality to Equality, James P. Sterba provides just such an argument and further shows that morality, so justified, requires substantial equality. His argument from rationality to morality is based on the principle of non-question-beggingness and has two forms. The first assumes that the egoist is willing to argue for egoism non-question-beggingly, and the second only assumes that the egoist is willing to assent to premises she actually needs to achieve her egoistic goals. Either way, he argues, morality is rationally (i.e. non-question-beggingly) preferable to egoism."--Book jacket.
Globalization and global justice : shrinking distance, expanding obligations
Left-libertarianism and its critics : the contemporary debate
Libertarianism : for and against
Failing states and ailing leadership in African politics in the era of globalization : libertarian communitarianism and the Kenyan experience
Who do You trust? : combining morality and rationality
Total freedom : toward a dialectical libertarianism
Problems of market liberalism
The ethics of liberty
Just distribution : Rawlsian liberalism and the politics of basic income
From rationality to equality
Justice : what's the right thing to do?
Libertarian free will : contemporary debates
An Introduction to property theory
The origins of left-libertarianism : an anthology of historical writings
Libertarianism and potential agents : a libertarian view of the moral rights of foetuses and children
Liberty : Its Definition, Value and Measurement
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 1, From anarchy to anarchism (300 CE to 1939)
Examines the meaning of justice in a variety of situations and asks the reader to morally and politically reflect on each topic.
Merchants of Doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
Anarchist seeds beneath the snow : left-libertarian thought and British writers from William Morris to Colin Ward
For a New Liberty
Anarchism : a history of libertarian ideas and movements
What it means to be a libertarian : a personal interpretation
The Dao of capital : Austrian investing in a distorted world
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
Libertarianism, from A to Z
The compatibility of effective self-ownership and joint world ownership
The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
The Murray Bookchin reader
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
