http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9443 liberalism (ideologies)
liberalism (ideologies)
Liberty
The liberal tradition : from Fox to Keynes
Law, legislation and liberty : a new statement of the liberal principles of justice and political economy
The evolution of liberalism
Political economy and ecology of water control : dynamics of water policy reform and water justice in Taita Hills, South-Eastern Kenya
Law, legislation and liberty : a new statement of the liberal principles of justice and political economy. 2, The mirage of social justice
Toleration and the limits of liberalism
Arab liberal thought after 1967 : old dilemmas, new perceptions
Governing societies : political perspectives on domestic and international rule
Liberalization challenges in Hungary : elitism, progressivism, and populism
The meaning of liberalism : East and West
The problem of political obligation : a critique of liberal theory
"Catholicism and American Freedom is a tale of strange bedfellows and bitter conflicts over issues such as slavery, public education, economic reform, the movies, contraception, and abortion. It is an international story, as both liberals and conservatives were influenced by ideas and events abroad, from the 1848 revolutions to the rise of Fascism and the Spanish Civil War in the 1930s, to papal encyclicals and the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s; and by the people, from scholarly Jesuits to working class Catholics, who immigrated from Europe and Latin America."--BOOK JACKET.
Public policies and political development in Canada
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
A two-volume work by Douglas Ottati, Theology for Liberal Protestants presents a comprehensive theology for Christians who are willing to rethink and revise traditional doctrines in face of contemporary challenges. It is Augustinian, claiming that we belong to the God of grace who creates, judges, and renews. It is Protestant, affirming the priority of the Bible and the fallibility of church teaching. It is liberal, recognizing the importance of critical arguments and scientific inquiries, a deeply historical consciousness, and a commitment to social criticism and engagement. This first volume contains sections on method and creation. Ottati's method envisions the world and ourselves in relation to God as Creator, Judge, and Redeemer. The bulk of the book offers an in-depth discussion of God as Creator, the world as creation, and humans as good, capable, and limited creatures.
The history of liberalism in Russia
Intelligent governance for the 21st century : a middle way between West and East
Politics and philosophy : the necessity and limitations of rational argument
In search of a liberal Germany : studies in the history of German liberalism from 1789 to the present
The tradition of liberal theology
Requiem : a lament in three movements
Managing global environmental issue - preliminary considerations of a liberal global theory
Liberal organization for towns
Socialism and the limits of liberalism
The myth of liberal individualism
Russian conservatism and its critics : a study in political culture
Limits of liberal multiculturalism
Harcourt and son : a political biography of Sir William Harcourt, 1827-1904
The globalization of liberalism
Politics on the edges of liberalism : difference, populism, revolution, agitation
Living with Hitler : liberal Democrats in the Third Reich
Hayek on Hayek : an autobiographical dialogue
Liberal internationalism : theory, history, practice
The American liberal tradition reconsidered : the contested legacy of Louis Hartz
The paradox of the millennium : the apparent triumph and immanent demise of liberal democracy
Modern liberalism : conversations with liberal politicians
The liberal mind
Mill's On liberty : critical essays
"An examination of the problem of liberalisation in the Central and East European (CEE) states, this book explores two related research questions: why has the course of political liberalisation in the CEE states failed to construct an organic link between democratic institutions and the public? and how has the economic liberalisation narrative of the liberalising elite excluded the public? Subsequently, the book investigates the conditions under which post-accession liberalisation comes to a halt in countries once praised by the Democratisation and Europeanization literatures for their pace of reform. Particular emphasis is on the comparative aspects of research, placing Hungary in context amongst the new EU member states such as Poland, Slovenia, and Slovakia and examining trends over time. "--
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
Essays in critical social theory : toward a Marxist critique of liberal ideology
The iron cage of liberalism : international politics and unarmed revolutions in the Middle East and North Africa
Liberalism and the good
Liberalism ancient and modern
The limits of liberal multiculturalism : towards an individuated approach to cultural diversity
Sicily and the unification of Italy : liberal policy and local power, 1859-1866
The pretenses of loyalty : Locke, liberal theory, and American political theology
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Liberal loyalty : freedom, obligation, and the state
Race, religion and late democracy
Liberalism : critical concepts in political theory. Vol. 3, Justice and reason
John Dewey's liberalism : Individual, community, and self-development
Rorty on liberalism and postphilosophy
Liberalism, neoliberalism, social democracy : thin communitarian perspectives on political philosophy and education
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Catholicism and American freedom : a history
Liberalism, democracy, and development
The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
In this work, Swen Hutter demonstrates the usefulness of studying both electoral politics and protest politics to better understand the impacts of globalization. Hutter integrates research on cleavage politics and populist parties in Western Europe with research on social movements. He shows how major new cleavages restructured protest politics over a thirty-year period, from the 1970s through the 1990s. This major study brings back the concept of cleavages to social movement studies and connects the field with contemporary research on populism, electoral behavior, and party politics. Hutter s work extends the landmark 1995 "New Social Movements in Western Europe," the book that spurred the recognition that a broad empirical frame is valuable for understanding powerful social movements. This new book shows that it is also beneficial to include the study of political parties and protest politics. While making extensive use of public opinion, protest event, and election campaigning data, Hutter skillfully employs contemporary data from six West European societies Austria, Britain, France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland to account for responses to protest events and political issues across countries. "Protesting Culture and Economics in Western Europe" makes productive empirical, methodological, and theoretical contributions to the study of social movements and comparative politics. Empirically, it employs a new approach, along with new data, to explain changes in European politics over several decades. Methodologically, it makes rigorous yet creative use of diverse datasets in innovative ways, particularly across national borders. And theoretically, it makes a strong claim for considering the distinctive politics of protest across various issue domains as it investigates the asymmetrical politics of protest from left and right.
John Rawls : an introduction
Death of the liberal class
The rise of European liberalism : an essay in interpretation
Galbraith, Harrington, Heilbroner : economics and dissent in an age of optimism
Liberalism, modernism, and the good life
The Australian liberals and the moral middle class : from Alfred Deakin to John Howard
Reimagining politics after the Terror : the republican origins of French liberalism
Discipline in the global economy? : international finance and the end of liberalism
Claiming Scotland : national identity and liberal culture
"This book presents a radical intervention into the contemporary literature on liberalism, addressing the core problems surrounding liberal internationalism, explaining the disjuncture between liberal theory and practice and offering a firmer grasp on the historical role of liberalism in world politics. Despite the hegemonic position of liberalism after the end of the Cold War, liberal foreign policies like democracy promotion, humanitarian intervention and neoliberal economic policies widely failed to achieve their aims. This study provides a conception of liberalism that accounts for the successes as well as failures of these policies. It shows that the attempt to realize liberal principles in practice simultaneously generates nonliberal forces. This dynamic explains the tragic fate of liberalism in history: the moments of its greatest triumph give rise to its most serious crises. It suggests, therefore, that the main challenge for liberal foreign policies does not lie in confronting external threats but in designing policies that avoid internal fragmentation.Jahn opens up liberalism to the kind of focused debate and criticism that has hitherto been avoided, locating the core principles of liberalism and applying them to politics, economics, and ethics. This book will be an essential source to all scholars of international relations theory and liberal foreign policy. "--
Big weed : an entrepreneur's high-stakes adventures in the budding legal marijuana business
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
The liberal heresy : origins and historical development
Dictionary of liberal thought
The postmodern and political agency
Mill and liberalism
The new liberalism : an ideology of social reform
Adam Smith's pluralism : rationality, education, and the moral sentiments
Looking backward : a critical appraisal of communitarian thought
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Liberalism and modern society : a historical argument
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
The universal exception
The ethics of liberty
Liberalism and its critics
Neoliberal governance, sustainable development and local communities in the Barents Region
Liberalism : critical concepts in political theory. Vol. 4, The limits of liberalism
Political liberalism : politics, metaphysics or rhetoric?
Why read Mill today
Varieties of liberalism : contemporary challenges
Enlightenment in the colony : the Jewish question and the crisis of postcolonial culture
Essay on liberalism : looking left and right
Pluralism and liberal democracy
Insights beyond neo-liberal educational practices : the value of discourse analysis
The enemy of the good
The age of revolution : the rise and decline of liberalism in Europe since 1815
Liberalism versus conservatism : the continuing debate in American government
The politics of individualism : liberalism, liberal feminism and anarchism
Rerouting the Protestant mainstream : sources of growth & opportunities for change
The power of tolerance : a debate
Friedrich Hayek : a biography
Asserts that the liberal class has failed to confront the rise of the corporate state and argues that the five parts of the liberal establishment--the press, liberal religious institutions, unions, universities, and the Democratic Party--are more concerned with status and privilege than justice and progress.
Jefferson's empire : the language of American nationhood
Theology for liberal Protestants : God the creator
Living under liberalism : the politics of depression in western democracies
Liberalism and its practice
Liberalism in nineteenth-century Europe
"Liberalism" : seminars on historical and political keywords in Northern Europe
Justice
Persons, rights, and the moral community
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Communitarianism : a new public ethics
Models of democracy
Liberalism and its discontents
Human nature and history : a study of the development of liberal political thought. Volume 1
Wake up... you're liberal! : how we can take America back from the right
The triumph of liberalism : Zürich in the golden age, 1830-1869
Liberal organization for villages
National development discourses within the global development hegemony : a case study of the post-2015 consultations in Tanzania
Liberalism and empire : a study in nineteenth-century British liberal thought
The rise and decline of Western liberalism
Is multiculturalism dead? : crisis and persistence in the constitutional state
Adam Smith, radical and egalitarian : an interpretation for the twenty-first century
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Authority and the liberal tradition : from Hobbes to Rorty
The idea of a liberal theory : a critique and reconstruction
Japan and trade liberalism : a study of liberalism in Japanese world trade
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
The making of modern liberalism
On The Wealth of Nations
A history of drugs : drugs and freedom in the liberal age
Universality through the capabilities approach - looking for the human in human rights
How does an industrial community cope when they are told that closure is inevitable? What if this is only the last in a 200 year long line of threats, insecurities and closure? How did people weather the storms and how do they face the future now? While attempts to regenerate communities are everywhere, we do not often hear from the people themselves just how they managed to create safe collective spaces or how the fall of the whole house of cards brought with it effects which can be felt by young people who never knew the town when it was an industrial heartland. We hear the story of how men and women tried to cope and still want to retain their community in the face of its destruction. What can they and will they have to pass to the next generation and where will that leave the young people themselves, who have nothing to stay for but are unable to leave? This book examines these crucial questions facing post-industrial societies.
Liberal democratic thought in the twentieth century is composed of two strands: the classical, which emphasizes human excellence, and the modern, which emphasizes individual freedom and social equality. In this collection of essays, Strauss examines the ambiguous relationship between these tendencies, seeking to illuminate the democratic discourse.
Liberalism : critical concepts in political theory. Vol. 1, Ideas of freedom
Urban liberalism in imperial Germany : Frankfurt am Main, 1866-1914
Another liberalism : romanticism and the reconstruction of liberal thought
Liberty before liberalism
"In this fully updated and revised edition, the authors explore the evolution, nature and function of international law in world politics and situate international law in its historical and political context. They propose three interdisciplinary 'lenses' (realist, liberal and constructivist) through which to view the role of international law in world politics and suggest that the concept of an international society provides the overall context within which international legal developments occur. These theoretical perspectives offer different ways of looking at international law in terms of what it is, how it works and how it changes. Topics covered include the use of force, international crimes, human rights, international trade and the environment. The new edition also contains more material on non-western perspectives, international institutions and non-state actors and a new bibliography. Each chapter features discussion questions and guides to further reading"--Provided by publisher.
The state : its nature, development and prospects
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Fighting for political freedom : comparative studies of the legal complex and political liberalism
Liberalism's last hurrah : the presidential campaign of 1964
Economics and liberalism : collected papers
Reordering the world : essays on liberalism and empire
Introduction to international relations : theories and approaches
We invoke the ideal of tolerance in response to conflict, but what does it mean to answer conflict with a call for tolerance? Is tolerance a way of resolving conflicts or a means of sustaining them? Does it transform conflicts into productive tensions, or does it perpetuate underlying power relations? To what extent does tolerance hide its involvement with power and act as a form of depoliticization? Wendy Brown and Rainer Forst debate the uses and misuses of tolerance, an exchange that highlights the fundamental differences in their critical practice despite a number of political similarities. Both scholars address the normative premises, limits, and political implications of various conceptions of tolerance. Brown offers a genealogical critique of contemporary discourses on tolerance in Western liberal societies, focusing on their inherent ties to colonialism and imperialism, and Forst reconstructs an intellectual history of tolerance that attempts to redeem its political virtue in democratic societies. Brown and Forst work from different perspectives and traditions, yet they each remain wary of the subjection and abnegation embodied in toleration discourses, among other issues. The result is a dialogue rich in critical and conceptual reflections on power, justice, discourse, rationality, and identity.
The pragmatic enlightenment : recovering the liberalism of Hume, Smith, Montesquieu, and Voltaire
The  Meaning of conservatism
Philosophy bites back
Gramsci is dead : anarchist currents in the newest social movements
The two faces of liberalism
Legal philosophies of Russian liberalism
The liberal archipelago : a theory of diversity and freedom
Towards an understanding of the caring phenomenon - why is it so topical? : a search for its role and its attributes in holistic education
The unraveling of America : a history of liberalism in the 1960s
Liberty, retrenchment and reform : popular liberalism in the age of Gladstone, 1860-1880
Class and politics in contemporary social science : "Marxism lite" and its blind spot for culture
Contending liberalisms in world politics : ideology and power
Liberalism : critical concepts in political theory. Vol. 2, Rights, property and markets
Human nature and history : a study of the development of liberal political thought. Volume 2
The good society
Gender, work and community after de-industrialisation : a psychosocial approach to affect
The vital center : the politics of freedom
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
Suicide of the West : an essay on the meaning and destiny of liberalism
The new mole : paths of the Latin American left
New frontiers for freedom
Liberalism and the origins of European social theory
Liberalism at the crossroads : an introduction to contemporary liberal political theory and its critics
The liberal political tradition : contemporary reappraisals
An intellectual history of liberalism
Liberal utilitarianism and applied ethics
The anatomy of antiliberalism
IN THE FACE OF ONGOING RELIGIOUS CONFLICTS AND UNENDING CULTURE WARS, what are we to make of liberalism's promise that it alone can arbitrate between church and state? In this wide-ranging study, John Perry examines the roots of our thinking on religion and politics, placing the early-modern founders of liberalism in conversation with today's theologians and political philosophers. From the story of Antigone to debates about homosexuality and bans on religious attire, it is clear that liberalism's promise to solve all theopolitical conflict is a false hope. The philosophy connecting John Locke to John Rawls seeks a world free of tragic dilemmas, where there can be no Antigones. Perry rejects this as an illusion. Disputes like the culture wars cannot be adequately comprehended as border encroachments presided over by an impartial judge. Instead, theopolitical conflict must be considered a contest of loyalties within each citizen and believer. Drawing on critics of Rawls ranging from Michael Sandel to Stanley Hauerwas, Perry identifies what he calls a "turn to loyalty" by those who recognize the inadequacy of our usual thinking on the public place of religion. The Pretenses of Loyalty offers groundbreaking analysis of the overlooked early work of Locke, where liberalism's founder himself opposed toleration. Perry discovers that Locke made a turn to loyalty analogous to that of today's communitarian critics. Liberal toleration is thus more sophisticated, more theologically subtle, and ultimately more problematic than has been supposed. It demands not only governmental neutrality (as Rawls believed) but also a reworked political theology. Yet this must remain under suspicion for Christians because it places religion in the service of the state. Perry concludes by suggesting where we might turn next, looking beyond our usual boundaries to possibilities obscured by the liberalism we have inherited.
Liberalism : the classical tradition
The history of European liberalism
Liberal organization for counties
¡Adios, America! : the Left's plan to turn our country into a Third World hellhole
Liberalism and the new Europe
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Self-ownership and content : the contractarian liberalism of Richard Overton
Liberalism and the challenge of fascism : social forces in England and France (1815-1870)
Reimagining liberal education : affiliation and inquiry in democratic schooling
Virtue and the making of modern liberalism
Globalisation, global justice and social work
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Law, legislation and liberty : a new statement of the liberal principles of justice and political economy. 1, Rules and order
Little book of big ideas : politics
The six great humanistic essays of John Stuart Mill
Metternich's Europe
International law and international relations
Late modern subjects of colonial occupation : mobile phones and the rise of neoliberalism in Palestine
Media and left
The politics of hope
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
The Limits of Liberal Multiculturalism provides a timely analysis of some of the weaknesses, as well as the successes, of the liberal multicultural project. It also takes a step forward by developing a pluralist, individual-centred approach to allocating minority rights in practice.
Taking the liberal challenge seriously : essays on contemporary liberalism at the turn of the 21st century
Liberal purposes : goods, virtues, and diversity in the liberal state
On formal vs. realistic right of exit and voice
Liberalism and recent legal and social philosophy : 15. Annual Conference at New College, Oxford, 7-9 April 1988
Re-forming the center : American Protestantism, 1900 to the present
Liberalism in Germany
Protesting culture and economics in Western Europe : new cleavages in left and right politics
Democracy and possesive individualism : the intellectual legacy of C.B. Macpherson
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
On liberty
The limits of liberalism : Josephus Daniels, Henry Stimson, Bernhard Baruch, Donald Richberg, Felix Frankfurter and the development of the modern American political economy
The reconstruction of American liberalism, 1865-1914
Liberalism and other writings
Getting what you want? : a critique of liberal morality
The intelligent person's guide to liberalization
Liberalism : the life of an idea
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
"This challenging and provocative book reimagines the justification, substance, process, and study of education in open, pluralistic, liberal democratic societies. Hanan Alexander argues that educators need to enable students to embark on a quest for intelligent spirituality, while paying heed to a pedagogy of difference. Through close analysis of the work of such thinkers as William James, Charles Taylor, Elliot Eisner, Michael Oakeshott, Isaiah Berlin, Martin Buber, Michael Apple and Terrence McLaughlin, Reimagining Liberal Education offers an account of school curriculum and moral and religious instruction that throws new light on the possibilities of a nuanced, rounded education for citizenship. Divided into three parts - Transcendental Pragmatism in Educational Research, Pedagogy of Difference and the Other Face of Liberalism, and Intelligent Spirituality in the Curriculum, this is a thrilling work of philosophy that builds upon the author's award-winning text Reclaiming Goodness: Education and the Spiritual Quest"--
