http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9453 artistic research
artistic research
Arts based research
The art text
Arts-based research : a critique and a proposal
Looking for Risto
Place of geometry
Doing research : writings from the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts No 3
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
From here and now to the making of art
The pedagogy of recognition : dancing identity and mutuality
Artistic research methodology : narrative, power, and the public
Artistic research : strategies for embodiment
Waking Up from the Nightmare of Participation is an amalgam of thirty-seven contributions that constitute a true space of conflict, questioning, disproving, endorsing and taking further the critical participatory practice suggested in The Nightmare of Participation. It opens up a much wider field of discussion, including the question of the outsider, disciplinarity, democracy, political correctness, institutional critique and more. Waking Up from the Nightmare of Participation is the epilogue to Miessen's trilogy on participation. --
Valokuvan kieli käännöstehtävänä = The language of photography as a translation task / Mika Elo
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Artistic research : theories, methods and practices
Artistic research
Waking Up From The Nightmare Of Participation
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
The Routledge Companion to Research in the Arts is a major collection of new writings on research in the creative and performing arts by leading authorities from around the world. It provides theoretical and practical approaches to identifying, structuring and resolving some of the key issues in the debate about the nature of research in the arts which have surfaced during the establishment of this subject over the last decade. It will provide a point of reference for the further development of that debate in the years to come by making specific assertions about what this phenomenon is (or is not) so that subsequent scholars will have something definite to agree with or to criticise. This critical anthology benefits from a wide range of contributors from all of the major constituencies in arts-based research. The contributions are located in the contemporary intellectual environment of research in the arts, and more widely in the universities, in the strategic and political environment of national research funding, and in the international environment of trans-national cooperation and communication. The book is divided into three principal sections -- Foundations, Voices and Contexts -- each with an introduction from the editors so as to orientate the reader with regard to the main issues, agreements and debates. The Routledge Companion to Research in the Arts addresses a wide variety of concepts and issues, including: the diversity of views on what constitutes arts-based research and scholarship, what it should be, and its potential contribution the trans-national communication difficulties arising from terminological and ontological differences in arts-based research traditional and non-traditional concepts of knowledge, their relationship to professional practice, and their outcomes and audiences a consideration of the role of written, spoken and artefact-based languages in the formation and communication of understandings. This comprehensive collection makes an original and significant contribution to the field of arts-based research by setting down a framework for addressing these, and other, topical issues. It will be essential reading for research managers and policy-makers in research councils and universities, as well as individual researchers, research supervisors and doctoral candidates.
Difficulty of freedom - freedom of difficulty : an artistic research
This anthology is comprised of the work of a considerable number of artistic-researchers and scholars. It will be of interest to all in the emerging fields of Artistic Research and Practice-Based and Practice-Led Research,particularly in the areas of the performing arts, dance, voice-work, fine art, drawing, film, video, architecture and philosophy.
Summary.
W.J.T. Mitchell's image theory : living pictures
Doctors In Performance : the first festival conference of music performance and artistic research : Sibelius Academy, University of the Arts Helsinki, Helsinki Music Center, Sept. 4-5, 2014.
Oral history in the visual arts
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
Artistic research / Satu Kiljunen and Mika Hannula (eds.)
Perspectives on artistic research in music
On research and art universities / Jan Kaila
Field_notes : from landscape to laboratory = maisemasta laboratorioon
AR — Artistic Research brings together historical and current approaches to artistic research. The compendium bridges science and art—often times seen as diverging spheres of knowledge and interpretation—through texts and visual contributions, discussions, methods, manifestos, and metaphors. Featured artists are: György Kepes, founder of the MIT Center for Advanced Visual Studies (CAVS); artists Attila Csörgö, Laurent Grasso, Guillermo Faivovich & Nicolas Goldberg, Florian Dombois, and alumna Jae Rhim Lee; as well as Gediminas Urbonas, ACT Professor, and Nader Tehrani, Head of MIT's Department of Architecture. The book also includes essays by Stefan Helmreich, MIT Professor of Anthropology; Nicholas Ashford, MIT Professor of Technology and Policy; and Maarton Orosz, 2011 Kepes Fellow.
Moving Shadows : experimental film practice in a landscape of change
Artistic practice as research in music : theory, criticism, practice
Writing the image : an adventure with art and theory / Yve Lomax
AR - : artistic research
The artistic turn : a manifesto
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
The art of research II : process, results and contribution
Artistic research in public space : participation in material-based art
By this : writing research from the Slade School of Fine Arts
The debate on research in the arts
Doing research / [editors: Jan Kaila, Henk Slager ; final editor: Annette W. Balkema]
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
Artist as researcher : in between art and research
In this book, Jo Scott shares writing and documentation from her practice as research (PaR) project, which explored and analysed a mode of performance she developed, called live intermediality. The book offers a much-needed example of fully developed writing in relation to a practice as research (PaR) project. Weaving together theory, documentation and critical reflection, it offers fresh insights into both the process and presentation of PaR work, as well as theories around intermediality in performance, the role and actions of the live media performer and how live media events are created. It can be read alongside Robin Nelson's 2013 text, Practice as Research in the Arts, as it demonstrates how Nelson's model for PaR can be applied and developed. It also includes a set of online videos and commentaries, which complement and reflect on the writing in the core text.
From work to word
In this book Kopelman meticulously describes five of her major projects in which she is dealing intensively with research, traveling, observing, and drawing. Her descriptions and work notes give insight in Kopelman's relation to sience and point out the distinction between what one knows and what one sees. More than showing results she shares a mental process evolving in every project. In Meditation Piece she draws a tiny desert stone for a month on a daily base. Halfway she notes: 'And still, I like spending time in front of the stone, in front of a problem that repeats itself every day. It's a familiar feeling, and therefor gentle to the mind. How will I go about today? The stone is the same; I am most probably not.' The text has been adapted in collaboration with Moosje Goosen from an initial version written on the occasion of her doctoral dissertation, defended in September 2011
Doing Research is the outcome of a collaboration between EARN (European Artistic Reseaech Network) and dOCUMENTA 13. The collaboration entailed an inquiry revolving around a number of questions on what Doing Research means today to both doctoral researchers and the artists who realized activated projects for dOCUMENTA 13. Doing Research is the third volume in the series Writings from the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts.
See it again, say it again : the artist as researcher
Artistic research for the advanced : ten proposals
Everything but an Island
The conflict of the faculties : perspectives on artistic research and academia
Art, research, empowerment : on the artist as researcher
A/r/tography : rendering self through arts-based living inquiry
Never heard before : a musical exploration of organ voicing
Intellectual birdhouse : artistic practice as research
Interacting : art, research and the creative practitioner
#0000FF is the new #000000 : conceptual and site-specific mixed reality media art exhibition project
Ethics and data collection in arts-based inguiry : artist-researcher embedded in medical education
Intermedial praxis and practice as research : 'doing-thinking' in practice
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
The body (un)defined
Who are you?
Acts of creation : thoughts on artistic research supervision
Lighting from the side : rhetoric and artistic research
The photographic absolute : an architectural beginning
Investigating doctoral studies in two Finnish art universities
She's away - seas away - cease away - sees away : can I embroider my emotions?
A story of 100 feeders
Why do we need to think about artistic research supervision when doctoral supervision in general is such a well-established field? What particular skills are needed for a supervisor to get under the skin of an artistic research project? How can PhD candidates be guided so that the artistic projects develop fruitfully? What are the ethical implications of supervising an artistic research project? What is the meaning of method and theory in this kind of research? And how will the supervisors contribute to the development of the field of artistic research? The texts in this anthology comprise the results of discussions between a group of supervisors at Konstnärliga forskarskolan, the Swedish artistic research school over the past few years. They reflect the need for rethinking traditional principles, procedures and structures in the complex field of artistic research supervision. From a variety of perspectives, the authors share experiences and future visions that may contribute to a continued discussion on the further development of artistic research.
SHARE : handbook for artistic research education
Enabling Knowledge
International Colloquium of Art and Design Education Research (i-CADER 2014)
Appropriate : cultural appropriation of American cultures within popular culture
Eriaikaisuuden samanaikaisuudesta = On the odd consurrence of distinct times / Harri Laakso
Research-based theatre : an artistic methodology
No ordinary patchwork : an exploration of the possibilities of collage art in fashion design
Talkin' loud & sayin' something : four perspectives of  artistic research : [Bienniale conference of the European League of Institutes of the Arts, Gothenburg, october 29th - november 2nd 2008] / [introduction: Mika Hannula]
Artists as researchers : a new paradigm for art education in Europe / Mika Hannula ... [et al.] ; [writers: Andy Abbott ... [et al.]]
The pleasure of research
Being with A/r/tography
Silent image : the CityBeat project
Artistic Research within the Fields of Science
Everything but an island / [editors: Kimmo Sarje, Henri Wegelius ; articles: Kimmo Sarje, Mick Wilson, Andy Broadey, Niclas Östlind, Petri Kaverma]
Art as research / : edited by Rasa Smite, Kerstin Mey, Raitis Smits
Capturing the moment
The Molyneyx Problem
The Routledge companion to research in the arts
Artist as researcher : in between art and research / [edited by Maarit Mäkelä and Sara Routarinne ; written by Juhani Räisänen...[et al.]]
Becoming juniper : performing landscape as artistic research
Research-based theater aims to present research in a way that is compelling and captivating, connecting with viewers on imaginative and intellectual levels at the same time. Research-Based Theatre brings together scholars and practitioners of research-based theater to construct a theoretical analysis of the field and offer critical reflections on how the methodology can now be applied. The book shares twelve examples of contemporary research-based theater scripts and commentaries from an international group of artists and researchers, selected with an eye toward representing different approaches that come from a variety of disciplinary areas.
This text consists of two parts, with an introduction and an epilogue. In the first part I discuss the notion of landscape briefly. In the second part I describe an example of a practice of performing landscape and discuss some of its aspects that might be useful for understanding or developing related practices. Finally, as an epilogue, I take up the question of how to speak of the environment.
At the intersection between art and research : practice-based research in the performing arts
Doctoral Writing in the Creative and Performing Arts
