http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9451 humanism
humanism
Modern faith and thought
Bioethics and secular humanism : the search for a common morality
The impact of humanism
The Wiley Blackwell Handbook of Humanism presents an edited collection of essays that explore the nature of Humanism as an approach to life, and a philosophical analysis of the key humanist propositions from naturalism and science to morality and meaning. * Represents the first book of its kind to look at Humanism not just in terms of its theoretical underpinnings, but also its consequences and its diverse manifestations * Features contributions from international and emerging scholars, plus renowned figures such as Stephen Law, Charles Freeman and Jeaneanne Fowler * Presents Humanism as a positive alternative to theism * Brings together the world s leading Humanist academics in one reference work.
Humanistic psychology : concepts and criticisms
A time for the humanities : futurity and the limits of autonomy
Socialism of the West : an attempt to lay the foundations of a new socialist humanism
Biblical humanism and scholasticism in the age of Erasmus
The Cambridge companion to Renaissance humanism
Early English Text society : Original series. 180, The apologye of syr Thomas More, knyght
The God argument : the case against religion and for humanism
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
The Tanner lectures on human values. 1, 1980
Enhancing humanity : the philosophical foundations of humanistic education
Caravaggio in context : learned naturalism and renaissance humanism
Humanism : philosophical essays
What is humanism? : the Lindley lecture, University of Kansas, October 19, 1976
The humanist frame
Humanism and ideology
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
An aristotelian response to renaissance humanism : Jacopo Zabarella on the Nature of Arts and Sciences
Text and logos : the humanistic interpretation of the New Testament
The code for global ethics : ten humanist principles
Rorty's humanistic pragmatism : philosophy democratized
Man on his own : interpretations of Erasmus c. 1750-1920
What is secular humanism?
The humanism of art
What is humanism? How do you live without a God? : and other big questions for kids
"This important study takes a new approach to understanding Italian Renaissance humanism, based not on scholarly paradigms or philosophical concepts but on a neglected yet indispensable perspective: the humanists' understanding of themselves. Through a series of close textual studies, Patrick Baker excavates what humanists thought was important about humanism, how they viewed their own history, what goals they enunciated, what triumphs they celebrated -- in short, he attempts to reconstruct humanist identity. What emerges is a small, coherent community dedicated primarily not to political ideology, a philosophy of man, an educational ethos, or moral improvement, but rather to the pursuit of classical Latin eloquence. Grasping the significance this stylistic ideal had for the humanists is essential to understanding both their sense of themselves and the importance they and others attached to their movement. For eloquence was no mere aesthetic affair but rather appeared to them as the guarantor of civilisation itself"--
Anatomy of melancholy
Erasmus, Contarini, and the religious republic of letters
The confessionalization of humanism in Reformation Germany
Scholastic Florence : moral psychology in the Quattrocento
Humanism, machinery, and Renaissance literature
Literature and the human : criticism, theory, practice
Reassessing Tudor Humanism
The landscape of humanity : art, culture and society
Christianity, latinity, and culture : two studies on Lorenzo Valla
"This challenging and provocative book reimagines the justification, substance, process, and study of education in open, pluralistic, liberal democratic societies. Hanan Alexander argues that educators need to enable students to embark on a quest for intelligent spirituality, while paying heed to a pedagogy of difference. Through close analysis of the work of such thinkers as William James, Charles Taylor, Elliot Eisner, Michael Oakeshott, Isaiah Berlin, Martin Buber, Michael Apple and Terrence McLaughlin, Reimagining Liberal Education offers an account of school curriculum and moral and religious instruction that throws new light on the possibilities of a nuanced, rounded education for citizenship. Divided into three parts - Transcendental Pragmatism in Educational Research, Pedagogy of Difference and the Other Face of Liberalism, and Intelligent Spirituality in the Curriculum, this is a thrilling work of philosophy that builds upon the author's award-winning text Reclaiming Goodness: Education and the Spiritual Quest"--
From Poliziano to Machiavelli : Florentine humanism in the high Renaissance
Studies on Alberti and Petrarch
The farther reaches of human nature
The shaping of modern thought
Globalization and its impact on human rights
Humanism and the culture of Renaissance Europe
The coming of humanism to Finland
A companion to Peter Martyr Vermigli
Printing and reading Italian Latin humanism in Renaissance Europe (ca. 1470-ca. 1540)
Humanistic pragmatism : the philosophy of F. C. S. Schiller
Joannes Sambucus and the learned image : the use of the emblem in late-Renaissance humanism
This book brings together an international roster of renowned scholars from disciplines including philosophy, political theory, intellectual history, and literary studies to address the conceptual foundations of the humanities and the question of their future. What notions of the future, of the human, and of finitude underlie recurring anxieties about the humanities in our current geopolitical situation? How can we think about the unpredictable and unthought dimensions of praxis implicit in the very notion of futurity?The essays here argue that the uncertainty of the future represents both an opportunity for critical engagement and a matrix for invention. Broadly conceived, the notion of invention, or cultural poiesis, questions the key assumptions and tasks of a whole range of practices in the humanities, beginning with critique, artistic practices, and intellectual inquiry, and ending with technology, emancipatory politics, and ethics. The essays discuss a wide range of key figures (e.g., Deleuze, Freud, Lacan, Foucault, Kristeva, Irigaray), problems (e.g., becoming, kinship and the foreign, disposable populationswithin a global political economy, queerness and the death drive, the parapoetic, electronic textuality, invention and accountability, political and social reform in Latin America), disciplines and methodologies (philosophy, art and art history, visuality, political theory, criticism and critique, psychoanalysis, gender analysis, architecture, literature, art). The volume should be required reading for all who feel a deep commitment to the humanities, its practices, and its future.
Interpretations of Renaissance humanism
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Reviving Christian humanism : the new conversation on spirituality, theology, and psychology
Is reality secular? : testing the assumptions of four global worldviews
HyperCities : thick mapping in the digital humanities
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Dialogue and universalism : metaphilosophy as the wisdom of science, art and life
The crisis of the early Italian Renaissance : civic humanism and republican liberty in an age of classicism and tyranny
The political humanism of Hannah Arendt
Erasmus of the Low Countries
Renaissance truths : humanism, scholasticism and the search for the perfect language
Commerce with the classics : ancient books and renaissance readers
A palace in the wild : essays on vernacular culture and humanism in late-medieval and Renaissance Scotland
Rhetoric as philosophy : the humanist tradition
The life of reason or the phases of human progress
The mystery of being human : God, freedom and the NHS
Being human in Islam : the impact of the evolutionary worldview
The way of humanism : East and West
Humanistic foundations of education
Socialist humanism : an international symposium
Humanism, reform and the Reformation : the career of Bishop John Fisher
The portrait in the renaissance
'In the footsteps of the ancients' : the origins of humanism from Lovato to Bruni
The life of reason, or, The phases of human progress
Basic writings : from Being and time (1927) to The task on thinking (1964)
The work of Lorenzo Valla (1406-57) has enjoyed renewed attention in recent years, as have new critical editions of his texts. One of the most interesting interpreters of Valla, Salvatore I. Camporeale, O.P., had a following among scholars who read Italian, but very little of his work saw the light in English before his death in 2002. This book presents two of Camporeale's studies on Valla in English, which examine in detail two of Valla's works: his treatise on the Donation of Constantine (undoubtedly the work for which Valla is best known) and his Encomium of Saint Thomas Aquinas, delivered publicly in the last year of Valla's life and, in Camporeale's reading, summing up Valla's multi-faceted thought.
Against remembrance and other essays
Nostalgic teleology: Friedrich Schiller and the schemata of aesthetic humanism
The Tanner lectures on human values. 8, 1988
The essential Erasmus
Lucrezia Tornabuoni de' Medici and the Medici family in the fifteenth century
The unfinished project : toward a postmetaphysical humanism
Humanism : the Greek ideal and its survival
The post-human condition
Humanism in the Low Countries
The reception of Erasmus in the early modern period
Language, truth, and literature : a defence of literary humanism
The great humanists : an introduction
The world of humanism, 1453-1517
Johann Sturm on education : the reformation and humanist learning
Anthropology and humanism
Modern philosophy : Descartes to Kant
Man : The new humanism
Frantz Fanon and the future of cultural politics : finding something different
The philosophy of humanism
Speculations : essays on humanism and the philosophy of art
A companion to medieval Christian humanism : essays on principal thinkers
Intellectuals in power : a genealogy of critical humanism
Andrew Melville and humanism in Renaissance Scotland, 1545-1622
The world of humanism 1453-1517
Philosophy's own religion
Petrarch and his readers in the Renaissance
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
In this richly textured philosophical inquiry, Green, a lecturer in women's studies at the University of London, mounts a defense of feminist humanism. She examines the work of early theorists, male and female, including Thomas Hobbes, Jean- Jacques Rousseau, Christine de Pisan and Mary Wollstonecraft. From this historical perspective, Green argues that although female humanists wrote within a patriarchal framework, their ideas remain authentic and provide contemporary feminists with a basis on which to develop a critical voice. She rejects the claims of radical feminists who, drawing on Simone de Beauvoir's concept of "the other," call for a women's logic. According to the author, it is possible to utilize rational thought in harmony with, instead of in opposition to, emotion. This harmony, Green postulates, connects humanism to feminism. She also rejects current theories of women's sexuality that equate heterosexual sex with women's oppression.
The Humanist revolution
Health humanities reader
Thomas More and his utopia
Venetian humanism in an age of patrician dominance
Italian humanism : philosophy and civic life in the Renaissance
Human centered nursing : the foundation of quality care
The Accademia Pontaniana : a model of a humanist network
If the oceans were ink : an unlikely friendship and a journey to the heart of the Quran
The humanist tradition in the West
The Renaissance and English humanism
Ascetics and humanists in eleventh-century Byzantium
Italian humanism and medieval rhetoric
The best of humanism
Leave the temple : Indian paths to human liberation
Inventing inventors in Renaissance Europe : Polydore Vergil's De inventoribus rerum
Erasmus in the twentieth century : interpretations, c 1920-2000
Humanism and Protestantism in early modern English education
Existentialism and humanism
Levinas and Camus : humanism for the 21st century
Philosophy and human geography : an introduction to contemporary approaches
Kurt Vonnegut's crusade, or, How a postmodern harlequin preached a new kind of humanism
Notes for a new culture : an essay on modernism
Reimagining liberal education : affiliation and inquiry in democratic schooling
In the name of humanity : reflections on the twentieth century
The poet's wisdom : the humanists, the church, and the formation of philosophy in the early Renaissance
Humanism in Polish culture
The Wiley Blackwell handbook of humanism
Religion : beyond religion
Justus Lipsius' Concerning constancy
Italian Renaissance humanism in the mirror
Over the past 40 years, the health humanities, previously called the medical humanities, has emerged as one of the most exciting fields for interdisciplinary scholarship, advancing humanistic inquiry into bioethics, human rights, health care, and the uses of technology. It has also helped inspire health professionals to engage in deeper reflection about the human elements of their practice. This book assembles a rich body of work that has emerged in the field, and presents fresh approaches to the health humanities as portrayed in these 45 original essays that truly humanize the health profession
Renaissance civic humanism : reappraisals and reflections
The social world of the Florentine humanists 1390-1460
"Why does literature matter? What is its human value? Historical approaches to literature have for several decades prevailed over the idea that literary works can deepen our understanding of fundamental questions of existence. This book re-affirms literature's existential value by developing a new critical vocabulary for thinking about literature's human meaningfulness. It puts this vocabulary into practice through close reading of a wide range of literary works, from Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream to Don DeLillo's White Noise. Individual chapters discuss: Literature's engagement of the emotions; Literature's humanization of history; Literature's treatment of universals and particulars; The depth of reflection provoked by literary works; and Literature as a special kind of seeing and framing. The question at the heart of the volume, of why literature matters, makes this book relevant to all students and professors of literature." --Publisher's description.
Zambian humanism : some major spiritual and economic challenges
The arrogance of humanism
Doctors, ambassadors, secretaries : humanism and professions in Renaissance Italy
More human : designing a world where people come first
A construction of humanism in colonial India
The ethics of insanity : making our way through the swamp
Making sense of humanity and other philosophical papers, 1982-1993
Two cultures? : the significance of C.P. Snow
Humanism and Muslim culture : historical heritage and contemporary challenges
The new Europe at the crossroads
Humanism : beliefs and practices
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
The measure of things : humanism, humility, and mystery
Jodocus Badius Ascensius : commentary, commerce and print in the Renaissance
The Accademia Pontaniana : A Model of a Humanist Network is an exploration of the vast intellectual networks which developed around the fifteenth century humanist Pontano. It includes the densely knit network which emerged in Naples, the Accademia Pontaniana, as well as the loosely knit networks which developed between the members of this academy and other humanists and academies outside of Naples. Shulamit Furstenberg-Levi points to the links between the Accademia Pontaniana and other sodalities in Southern Italy, and to the lineage between fifteenth century informal academies and sixteenth century institutional Academies. In this study recent sociological theory is applied to understand Renaissance academies and the vertical and horizontal links between them.
Modernist humanism and the men of 1914 : Joyce, Lewis, Pound, and Eliot
Ordinary ecstasy : humanistic psychology in action
The good book : a secular Bible
From humanism to science, 1480-1700
Essays of a humanist
Roman and German Humanism 1450-1550
Globalization, knowledge and society : readings from International sociology
Scribes and scholars : a guide to the transmission of Greek and Latin literature
Divulging Utopia : radical humanism in sixteenth-century England
The art of humanism
The case for humanism : an introduction
The woman of reason : feminism, humanism and political thought
Renaissance transformations of Late Medieval thought
A new humanism
The humanist world of Renaissance Florence
Writing faith and telling tales : literature, politics, and religion in the work of Thomas More
Using art and humanities to teach nursing : a creative approach
Dialogue and humanism : dialogue and universalism
Aristotle, the stoics, and european conceptions of humanity
Petrarch's humanist writing and Carthusian monasticism : the secret language of the self
Theism and humanism : being the Gifford lectures delivered at the University of Glasgow, 1914
Ethical marxism and its radical critics
Rethinking virtue, reforming society : new directions in Renaissance ethics, c.1350-c.1650
Who are we now? : Christian humanism and the global market from Hegel to Heaney
Arts v. science : a collection of essays
Humanism in the Renaissance
Secrets : humanism, mysticism, and evangelism in Erasmus of Rotterdam, Bishop Guillaume Briçonnet, and Marguerite De Navarre
Badius Ascensius (1462-1535), scholar and printer, played a central role in the flourishing of humanism and print culture in the French Renaissance. This account of his contributions to pedagogy, scholarship, printing, and humanist culture re-examines these roles and explores the wider context of the communities in which Badius worked.
Religion: Beyond Religion introduces the reader to life outside of religion via the study of secularity. Composed of twenty thematic chapters, this volume begins with an overview chapter designed to familiarize the reader with common terms used in the field. The book's first section focuses on how secularity functions in society, its second section on the psychological and philosophical aspects of secularity. Throughout the volume, the chapters discuss many alternatives to religion, including atheism, agnosticism, and humanism. A broader discussion of how society is becoming more secular and why people choose to be nonreligious echoes through each chapter. Using an interdisciplinary approach, undergraduate and lay readers are given a deeper understanding of the study of religion. Chapters are written by eminent scholars, are peer reviewed, and offer bibliographies to encourage further exploration. The volume concludes with a glossary and a comprehensive index.
Humanistic ethics in the age of globality
Affirmations : joyful and creative exuberance
Being human in a technological age
Moral philosophy on the threshold of modernity
