http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9454 artistic work
artistic work
The art and science of interface and interaction design
The writer and his world : lectures and essays
Finding ground : threads between here and there
From here and now to the making of art
Creative collaboration
Poetics of dislocation
This work considers the visual conventions of Japanese comic books and animated films, Miyazaki's early foray into comic books and animation, the Studio Ghibli era, and the company's development. It analyzes all of Miyazaki's productions between 1984 and 2004, including such hits as My Neighbor Totoro.
Waking Up from the Nightmare of Participation is an amalgam of thirty-seven contributions that constitute a true space of conflict, questioning, disproving, endorsing and taking further the critical participatory practice suggested in The Nightmare of Participation. It opens up a much wider field of discussion, including the question of the outsider, disciplinarity, democracy, political correctness, institutional critique and more. Waking Up from the Nightmare of Participation is the epilogue to Miessen's trilogy on participation. --
Into the dominion of vibrations : listening to infrasound
The made-up self : impersonation in the personal essay
From melancholy to humour
The Van Gogh blues : the creative person's path through depression
Waking Up From The Nightmare Of Participation
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
The awakening artist : madness and spiritual awakening in art
"Art matters. It affects us in our daily lives, and is full of meanings which are valuable to all of us. A catalyst for social interactions, art may either cause public conflict and create dissensions, or facilitate mutual understanding and strengthen collective bonds. All of this is grounded in practices that develop and change along social, cultural, technological and economic lines. So how is art formed and produced? What are the relevant constraints and challenges that artists experience in the creative process? And what constitutes artistic agency? This collection of original contributions from international, interdisciplinary experts explores particular case studies to deeply analyse artistic practices. Comprising eleven chapters relating to different art forms, each chapter in this volume offers an original perspective conveying a deep understanding of artistic practices as arrays of specific activities in contemporary art worlds. This book will be important for both researchers and practitioners in the field. It will help artists to deepen their analytical abilities, enabling them to further their own creative practice. It will allow students and researchers to gain insights into processes of artistic creation and thus into the reproduction of art, as well as innovation in the arts".
Freedom of artistic expression : essays on culture and legal censure
Between shades of gray
Light shadow : a study of the effects of light and colour on our emotions and its application in lightning design
This title is the first anthology to bring transnational feminist theory and criticism together with women's art practices to discuss the connections between aesthetics, gender and identity in a global world. The essays demonstrate that women in the arts are rarely positioned at the centre of the art market, and the movement of women globally (as travelersor migrants, empowered artists/scholars or exiled practitioners), rarely corresponds with the dominant models of global exchange. Rather, contemporary women's art practices provide a fascinating instance of women's eccentric experiences of the myriad effects of globalization. Bringing scholarly essays on gender, art and globalization together with interviews and autobiographical accounts of personal experiences, the diversity of the book is relevant to artists, art historians, feminist theorists and humanities scholars interested in the impact of globalization on culture in the broadest sense.
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
On not knowing : how artists think
Transmission : the creative worker : new perspectives for the arts in Europe
Inside creative writing : interviews with contemporary writers
Art as enterprise : social and economic engagement in contemporary art
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
Art workers : material conditions and labour struggles in contemporary art practice
The practice of dramaturgy : working on actions in performance
Kokemuksen nimeämätön tila = The unnamed space of experience / Heli Rekula
Artistic practices : social interactions and cultural dynamics
Introduction by the editors / Cecilia Widenheim, Lisa Rosendahl, Michele Masucci, Annika Enqvist, and Jonatan Habib Engqvist -- The paradox of art and work / Lars Bang Larsen -- Don't smile, organise / Nina Power -- Work as commodity / Helena Mattsson -- Art as occupation / Hito Steyerl -- A sense of solidarity / Ingela Johansson & Nina Svensson -- Give more than you take / Ptrachaya Phinthong -- Give more than you take / Pierre Bal-Blanc -- The general intellect is looking for a body / Franco Bifo Berardi -- After hours : art, imagination and the residue of the working day / Raqs Media Collective -- Chinese business / Mladen Stilinović -- Just as money is paper, so a gallery is a room / Jonatan Habib Engqvist -- The jobless state / Sarat Maharaj -- Creating, working, deforming and producing in the biopolitical factory / Judith Revel. Some reflections on student protest, anti-cuts activism, and artistic and intellectual autonomy / Kirsten Forkert -- Arbeitswelt / Annika Eriksson -- Obliquely, inconceivably and out of our hands / Catharina Gabrielsson -- Precarious life within the creative crisis of finance capital / Michele Masucci -- A r/c tivism and tactical spatial practices / Ana Betancour -- open letter / Making a Living -- A living body performing its own autopsy within contemporary capitalism / OTCOP -- Two years : the dematerialisation of the art institution / Lisa Rosendahl -- A residency as workplace / Cecilia Widenheim -- A midsummer night's dream / Maria Lind -- Toward a methodology / Annika Eriksson -- Production of imaginary solutions / Joanna Sokołowska.
Co-OPs : interterritoriale verkenningen in kunst en wetenschap = exploring new territories in art and science
The creative person's website builder : how to make a pro website yourself using WordPress and other easy tools
The animé art of Hayao Miyazaki
Performing live with virtual musicians
T.I.L.A. : a study on embodied space
Visualizing the sounds of Paltamo
Interrupting the city : artistic constitutions of the public sphere
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Work, work, work : a reader on art and labour
Art workers : material conditions and labor struggles in contemporary art practice
Syria speaks : art and culture from the frontline
The process : a new foundation in art and design
There and back again : J R R Tolkien and the origins of the Hobbit
Artist as researcher : in between art and research
Deleuze and collaborative writing : an immanent plane of composition
Commotion of motionless mementos
Appreciating the ordinary : reinterpreting new realism painting through contemporary non-emblematic approaches to seventeenth century still life painting
In my view : personal reflections on art by today's leading artists
Art & fear : observations on the perils (and rewards) of artmaking
The book Art Workers – Material Conditions and Labour Struggles in Contemporary Art Practice presents case studies from the local art contexts of Estonia, Finland and Sweden, collects artist-testimonies, discusses activist practices and maps out contemporary and historical forms of organising within the international art field.
See it again, say it again : the artist as researcher
Constructing place
The Supersti+Tech project : a reinterpretation of superstition through new media
Everything but an Island
I hear voices in everything! : step by step
Artists' work classification
Stereoscopic distortions as an artistic practice
A fashion story of light and shadow
Life II : [in progress]
The artist's house is a prism through which to view not only the artistic practice of its inhabitant, but also to apprehend broader developments in sculpture and contemporary art in relation to domestic architecture and interior space. Based on a series of interviews and site visits with living artists about the role of their home in relation to their work, Kirsty Bell looks at the house as receptacle, vehicle, model, theater, or dream space. In-depth analyses of these contemporary examples—including Jorge Pardo, Mirosław Bałka, Danh Vo, Gregor Schneider, Frances Stark, Marc Camille Chaimowicz, Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster, Paweł Althamer, Mark Leckey, Monika Sosnowska, Gabriel Orozco, Rirkrit Tiravanija, and Andrea Zittel—are contextualized by key artists of the twentieth century such as Kurt Schwitters, Alice Neel, Edward Krasiński, Carlo Mollino, and Louise Bourgeois. A two-way flow from the domestic arena to the exhibition space becomes apparent, in which the everyday has a significant role to play in the merging of such developments as installation art, relational aesthetics, expanded collage, and performance art.---Publisher.
There is a growing interest in the notion and practice of dramaturgy, which is often discussed either as the work of the dramaturg, or as the compositional, cohesive or sense-making aspects of a performance. Drawing on such views, The Practice of Dramaturgy addresses dramaturgy as a shared, politicized and catalytic practice that sets actions into motion in a more speculative rather than an instructive way. In the first part, 'Dramaturgy as Working on Actions', the editors and main authors of the book discuss three working principles that lie at the heart of their proposition, and return to the etymology of the term 'dramaturgy' ('drama'=action and 'ergon'=work) in order to scrutinize this further by relating it to debates on action, work and post-Fordist labour. The second part, 'Working on Actions and Beyond', opens up to different artistic, social and political perspectives that such understanding of dramaturgy may give rise to, through contributions by guest authors.
The storm of creativity
On the infra ordinary
The writer's dimension : selected essays
From head to hand : art and the manual
Artist-Teachers in Context ; International Dialogues
And then, you act : making art in an unpredictable world
Anthropology and art practice
Live. 2, Not what I am : trhe experience of performing
Bringing together theoretical discussion and examples of contemporary artistic practice, this book explores how artists formulate strategies of not knowing and 'play' within their decision making process and how such approaches might inform and enrich our encounters with art. This book is an important contribution to debates around the creative process and puts the artist's voice at the heart of these discussions.---Publisher.
Bitter lands : the making of a short animated film
Polku : designing an interactive sound installation based on soundscapes
Who are you?
Simone Forti : thinking with the body
The artist's process : technology and interpretation : proceedings of the fourth symposium of the Art Technological Source Research Working Group
Interrupting the City explores the ways in which artistic practices and interventions constitute the public sphere. To interrupt the city (be it digitally or materially) means to arrest the flow or circulation that the city consists of. The tactics by which this interruption is achieved may vary, ranging from a media offensive to riots in the streets, but each and every time these activities affect the public sphere, also make the public sphere. Thus, the public domain is constituted by a combination of social, political and media forces, in a continuous flux, continuously being interrupted. This book attempts to chart the conditions under which one is able to develop a voice in the public sphere, and to ask in what way these conditions could be altered by means of artistic interventions. Its contributions delve into the relations between artistic practices and the public space, including the various relations between art and politics.
Ibidem. Master's thesis booklet 1
Exploration of microtopia based on issues of surveillance in the Kamppi shopping center
So many constellations (walk-through)
Women the arts and globalization : eccentric experience
Moving shadows : experimental film practice in a landscape of change / Sami van Ingen
A theory of craft : function and aesthetic expression
Conversations with Joyce Carol Oates
Disabled art : escapism as artistic tactic
An early 20th century novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline : my cinematic dissection of a transposed segment
This extensively illustrated book with exceptional photos by Nada Zgank provides texts from acclaimed writers written especially for this project. Live Art theorist Adrian Heathfield explores Jansa's procedures of re-enactment and reconstruction, the director and writer Tim Etchells addresses the act of transition, the philosopher Mladen Dolar reflects on the glorification of childhood through Kafka and Oedipus, the art historian Amelia Jones gives a detailed comparison between the performance Imponderabilia by Marina Abramovic and Ulay and Life II [in Progress], whilst the performing arts theorist Aldo Milohnic investigates art that creates with the law.
Defragmenting Beethoven : sound appropriation as bridge between classical tradition and electroacustic music
To the actor
No ordinary patchwork : an exploration of the possibilities of collage art in fashion design
The book : alternate states
The artist's house : from workplace to artwork
22 famous painters and illustrators tell how the work
"High profile writers, including Philip Pullman, Nadine Gordimer, Kate Grenville and Robert Pinsky, talk about their writing practice and ways of working. Designed with the needs of creative writers in mind, Graeme Harper explores both practice and process, asking authors questions about subjects ranging from motivation to creativity to drafting. "--Provided by publisher.
What lies beneath KIVIKASA and what is sound art? : KIVIKASA as a step to understand sound art and sound art as a way to understand KIVIKASA
The fundamentals of animation
The pulse of mixed media : secrets and passions of 100 artist revealed
Reading Cy Twombly : poetry in paint
This is not art : activism and other 'not-art'
International women stage directors
Hammer and silence : a short introduction to the philosophy of tools / Jyrki Siukonen
The art of understanding art
Participation is risky : approaches to joint creative processes
Henry Bumstead and the world of Hollywood art direction
A Gestalt music analysis : philosophical theory, method, and analysis of Iegor Reznikoff's compositions
Reading Cy Twombly is the first book to focus specifically on the artist's use of poetry. Twombly's library formed an extension of his studio and he sometimes painted with a book open in front of him. Drawing on original research in an archive that includes his paint-stained and annotated books, Mary Jacobus's account—richly illustrated with more than 125 color and black-and-white images—unlocks an important aspect of Twombly's practice.
At the intersection between art and research : practice-based research in the performing arts
"Anthropology and Art Practice takes an innovative look at new experimental work informed by the newly-reconfigured relationship between the arts and anthropology. This practice-based and visual work can be characterised as 'art-ethnography'. In engaging with the concerns of both fields, this cutting-edge study tackles current issues such as the role of the artist in collaborative work, and the political uses of documentary. The book focuses on key works from artists and anthropologists that engage with 'art-ethnography' and investigates the processes and strategies behind their creation and exhibition.The book highlights the work of a new generation of practitioners in this hybrid field, such as Anthony Luvera, Kathryn Ramey, Brad Butler and Karen Mizra, Kate Hennessy and Jennifer Deger, who work in a diverse range of media - including film, photography, sound and performance. Anthropology and Art Practice suggests a series of radical challenges to assumptions made on both sides of the art/anthropology divide and is intended to inspire further dialogue and provide essential reading for a wide range of students and practitioners"--
