http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9459 electronic business
electronic business e-business
Electronic business interoperability : concepts, opportunities and challenges
Approaches to using e- and m-business components in companies
Webcasting worldwide : business models of an emerging global medium
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
How to offer quality e-service in a new online store? : Case study: IVANAhelsinki Web shop
Vercco: an e-retailing ecosystem in the making in Oulu
B2B : how to build a profitable e-commerce strategy
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit [Ellibs-kirja]
The little black book of online business : 1001 insider resources every business owner needs
Creating a web store for URC
Organizational security management concerns in e-business
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Building and managing an electronic commerce system - case PC-SuperStore
Discusses the radical companies of the new Silicon Valley that are rewriting the rules of business and sidestepping ethical and legal obstacles in the process.
Introduction to e-supply chain management : engaging technology to build market-winning business partnerships
Factors for e-auction success : a managerial perspective
E-loyalty and the cultural effects : A comparison of Finnish and U.S. young adults
The effect of the growth of electronic commerce on the tourism development in Nigeria : case study: Wakanow.com
The upstarts : how Uber, Airbnb, and the killer companies of the new Silicon Valley are changing the world
China's B2C e-commerce development and its future prospects
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Exploration of network-based digital business ecosystems and the models within
Imperative criteria for selecting software outsourcing providers used by Finnish companies
Anvia enterprise wireless local area network market analyzes and business model enhancements
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
more or less provide their users with support and solutions for different integration scenarios, which have been the main motivation to conduct this study as a requirement analysis in order to analyze the building blocks of these solutions and their offerings for application developers and enterprises.
EXPANDING TO E-BUSINESS   : CASE: JALOTAKKA OY
3G marketing on the Internet : third generation Internet marketing strategies for online success
How to use the Internet to advertise, promote, and market your business or website : with little or no money
This book introduces 10 mega business trends, ranging from big data to the O2O model. By mining and analyzing mountains of data, the author identifies these 10 emerging trends and goes to great lengths to explain and support his views with up-to-date cases. By incorporating the latest developments, this book allows readers to keep abreast of rapidly advancing digital technologies and business models. In this time of mass entrepreneurship and innovation, acquiring deep insights into business trends and grasping opportunities for innovation give readers (business executives in particular) and their companies a competitive advantage and the potential to become the next success story. The Chinese version of the book has become a hit, with some business schools using it as a textbook for their S&T Innovation and Business Trends programs. It also provides business executives with a practical guide for their investment and operation decisions.
Modeling an e-business for a rural area
Business plan : case Global Solution E-Trading Company Limited, Vietnam
Towards the knowledge society : ecommerce, ebusiness and egovernement
Beyond consumer marketing : sectoral marketing and emerging trends
Sales 2.0 : improve business results using innovative sales practices and technology
E-business innovation and process management
The purpose of this thesis is to find out how to secure data and information of an organization or individual that engages in e-business against unauthorized use through security control. As the Internet becomes an increasingly important tool for business, electronic business is rapidly growing in all business areas at the moment. However, e-business security has emerged as a major issue. While there are stories of data and information theft, it is essential for organizations to ensure that business data, including customer information, is safe and that transactions are carried out securely. The research was mainly a study of written sources, but an interview was also conducted. The scope of the thesis is limited to data loss prevention. This result of this thesis will ensure that organizations and individuals will be in a better positioned to establish and enforce standards and procedures that will ensure that all data are properly protected against unauthorized access. These things will also protect critical business infrastructures from malefactors such as hackers, disgruntled employees, criminals and other unauthorized users. This thesis does not include any other security control measures by organizations or individuals.
The e-Economy in Europe : its potential impact on EU enterprises and policies : e-Economy conference, Brussels, 1 and 2 March 2001
Electronic business with emphasis on the Middle East region
Main financial issues of a small internet-based enterprise working in an international environment
The initial stages of consumer trust building in e-commerce : a study on Finnish consumers
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Mobilizing your enterprise with SAP
Project e-society : building bricks : 6th IFIP International Conference on e-Commerce, e- Business, and e-Government (13E 2006), October 11-13, 2006, Turku, Finland
How to improve customer loyalty in European Online Travel Agencies in the leisure segment
Starting an online business : all-in-one desk reference for dummies
Creating the new e-business company : innovative strategies for real-world applications
Tips and tricks for web site managers
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Economics and management of network industries
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
E-Business Security Control
Start your own blogging business : generate income from advertisers, subscribers, merchandising, and more
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Management colsultancy : - what next?
CREF - model effect on e-marketing : case: Pentik
E-commerce in immersive virtual worlds : case: Second Life
Exploiting IT for business benefit
E-commerce and m-commerce technologies
Business networks in e-commerce internationalization : two Finnish companies targeting Russia
WooCommerce cookbook : create, design, and manage your own personalized online store with WooCommerce, the fastest growing e-commerce platform
Digital service concepts and business models : current state and future prospects
Ontology management : semantic web, semantic web services, and business applications
Marketing the e-Business
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Impacts of the online travel on the traditional travel agencies
The Secure online business handbook : e-Commerce, IT functionality, & business continuity
Towards semantic resource classification in organizational environment
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Viral marketing : get your audience to do your marketing for you
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Attempting to find solutions for small business complex challenges is not outrageously new either fresh research theme. Small business delivers a significant service and value both to the state and society through its initiatives, employment and taxes. The importance of a small and medium size enterprise in every local economy is huge - that is why so many studies and books are devoted to this sector. However, due to diversity and changeability of small business activity, new knowledge will always be in demand for this live and developing environment. Correspondingly, this particular research field – financial practice of a small internet-based enterprise - can be an inspiration for further studies and research, can give reasons to set and achieve many cognitive goals. The purpose of this thesis was to investigate, analyze and describe important finan-cial issues of small internet-based enterprise business activities. This thesis consists of six main parts. The second part, which follows the Introduction, defines the problem, maintains main questions and provides justification for the research. The third part analyses (i) current economic conditions and (ii) the actual situation in the narrower field of E-commerce. It also contains practical information about legal requirements of starting a business in Finland. The fourth part presents main financial issues of a small online business working internationally - including taxation and other particular financial details. The fifth part considers certain important financial aspects for an internet marketing startup, using details of an example internet marketing microcompany’s development and financial planning. Conclusion summarizes my final reflections and thoughts on the topic. The research is presented as a qualitative study. Data was collected mainly from government education and information web-based databases, government organizations’ websites, academic literature and specialized commercial organizations’ surveys. Data analysis follows the theoretical framework.
Implementation plan for an online business community - A case study in logistics
Modeling electric utility business processes with UML
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Advancing the Application of Digital Marketing in Irish SMEs. Case company: English Language Ireland
The digital business start-up workbook : the ultimate step-by-step guide to succeeding online from start-up to exit
DressMe: a virtual super-market of clothing stores
Evolution of mobile electronic commerce : opportunities for one-to-one marketing
Roadmap to the e-Factory
Research of the mobile LBS in China and its future strategies
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Studies on the utilization of electronic trading systems in supply chain management
I discuss the possible future creation of single log-in point and single avatar for multiple virtual worlds for entertainment and business purposes. I also found suggestions for further research topics, such as virtual shopping malls with multiple linked virtual shops.
New approaches in EDI : XML-EDI
E-business development program for SMEs in the Rovaniemi Region
Online purchasing habits of African consumers : perspectives from Ghana
Dotcom secrets : the underground playbook for growing your company online
Web Technology of Electronic Commerce
Entrepreneur : how to start on online business
Business model captured?:variation in the use of business models
Affiliate marketing : how to make money & create an income
Hospitality marketing management
Business plan for an online store Hockeystore.fi
Electronic and mobile commerce law : an analysis of trade, finance, media and cybercrime in the digital age
E.biz : the anatomy of electric business
E-commerce is growing fast with the fast development of internet and communication technology. Now E-commerce brings the businesses a world wide market and a huge population of protential csutomer. For customers the price information is more transparent and there are much more buying choices than before. Online businesses are competeing for customers on a word wide market like never before. The customer retention gained increased value among the E-commerc businesses. But the research of  customer retention in E-commerce context remain limited.     This thesis is aimed to investgate the concrete influenc factors of customer retention in an E-commerce context.    After reviewed existing theories, the author developed a conceptual framework about factors affect the customer retention in E-commerce context. Then a questionnaire is used to find out the real customer attitude of these factors.     As the result 13 concrete influence factors (Reliability, Responsiveness, Contact Points, Convenience, Merchandising, Site design, Security, Service ability, Customization, Contact Interactivity, Cultivation, Care, Community ) were presented for E-commerce business customer retention. Also this thesis brefily discussed about the constructs of customer retention.    This thesis could be used as a reference for the E-commerce business owner for meansuring their E-commerce sit  or improve the customer retention rate of their business. Also could be used by student or  researcher who is studying or interested in the topic of online customer retention.
Website optimization : an hour a day
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
Digital business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
How to sell your art online: live a successful creative life on your own terms
The Internet of Things is all about machines trading with machines - your fridge orders groceries; your car, fuel; your television, entertainment; and so on. However, machines cannot trade with machines if it's expensive and slow. Would you really want your TV to order the next season of Games of Thrones, if the payment took ten days and cost 25 or more? Unfortunately with the way the bank system works today, that is the problem we face today. As a result, we need an Internet of Value to work with the Internet of Things. The Internet of Value - or ValueWeb, for short - allows machines to trade.
Without their permission : the story of Reddit and a blueprint for how to change the world
Marketing : E-commerce basics (European edition)
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
New innovation adoption : Case Digi Electronics Ltd
The Inner Lives Of Markets : how people shape them - and they shape us
The X-economy : profiting from instant commerce
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
eBRF 2005, September 26-28, Tampere, Finland : program and abstracts
Purchasing and supply chain management : analysis, strategy, planning and practice
The easy eBay business guide
Beginning PHP 5 and MySQL E-Commerce: From Novice to professional
Payment methods and collection : an information booklet for an online business
AdWords for dummies
How they started digital : how 25 good ideas became spectacular digital businesses
Internet commerce and law
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Abstract.
Digital state : how the Internet is changing everything
Online Business Strategy: Mazda Motor Europe GmbH
A business-to-business online service concept's market launch in an international setting : a case study
Beginning ASP.NET e-commerce in C#
Problems in the online marketing of online shops in China : Case study: the Taobao online marketing policy
Alibaba's world : how a remarkable Chinese company is changing the face of global business
Transforming to a collaborative e-commerce : a study on business process and application integration
Essays on competition in e-markets
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
Business plan for e-commerce platform in Ethiopia
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Knowledge based mass customization strategies : cases from Finnish metal and electronics industries
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
E-business in the Oulu region : situation, needs and challenges
Broker adaptor development for an open source automated trading platform
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Problogger: secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Trailblazers or guinea pigs : a comparative study between two eLearning cources at Open University and Tampere Polytechnic
This Project based thesis demonstrates with the use of screenshots how to create a working web store and how to place it online. It also underlines considerations that need to be applied whilst building a web store and the background processes and theory that was applied. URC is a business that will be established in the near future and requires an online presence through a web store. The goal of the project was to establish a basic web store model to present to URC. Theories behind web store design and general theories that applied to the topic were utilized to better understand the background behind the practice. The problem presented was that the company had no experience on how to establish a web store and thus the thesis project idea was commissioned by the company.  The benefits of the thesis project are that after reading the thesis a reader can understand how to create a web store or a website on their own via the use of an intermediary service provider, how to purchase a domain name, point services and some basic marketing tools and how to market the web store.
Marketing : e-commerce basics 101 : U.S. edition
Affiliate marketing : develop an online business empire from selling other peoples products
How can e-commerce companies enlarge the business after start-up phase?  : case: Ndigo Business B.V. entering Chinese market
Design of online shopping system
E-commerce as Entrepreneurship of 21st Century: Creating of Online Shop www.mybaby.fi
Implementation and analysis of a web shop in an international company
E-retailers and their marketing practises : a study of Finnish electronics E-retailers that are listed on price comparison websites
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
Customer profile, expectations and barriers to entry in the study of S-Agrinet
3G marketing on the internet : third generation internet marketing strategies for online success
E-business st@rt-up : the complete guide to launching your Internet and digital enterprise
Financial ratios in e-commerce control system : the design of the information system for improving the control over e-business
Paper vouchers versus electronic gift cards, a proposal for chance: case: Bestseller Retail Finland
Development of e-marketing communications of Mäntsälän huonekaluliike
Evaluating Web-based customer service and support
The aim of this thesis was to build a prototype model for the Archipelago electronic business project. The Archipelago project is a submitted business idea for the Central Baltic Intereg IV programme 2007 ? 2013 which is a European territorial co-operation programme funding cross-border projects in the central Baltic Sea area consisting of parts of Estonia, Finland (including Ålands), Latvia and Sweden. A literature review on different types and model of an electronic business in addition to some sample models analyses were conducted as part of this work. An electronic business prototype was needed for the design of an online business platform that could merge all business entities, especially small scale business into one big electronic business site to allow companies to make profit with less effort and to benefit from each other when allowing customers to identify, locate and use efficiently their needs. As result of this study, an idea of entity diagram of the companies and service providers were built alongside with a sample business model to help channel the exponential growth of the project. Designing an electronic business prototype would be a pillar and a blueprint for a flexible, scalable and controllable design for such a large electronic business environment. In addition, this prototype would prepare for design mistakes and help avoiding them.
Social media : how to skyrocket your business through social media marketing!
Click here : make the internet work for your business
Business trends in the digital era : evolution of theories and applications
ICEB + eBRF 2006, November 28-December 2, Tampere Hall-Tampere, Finland : program and abstracts
Adoption of E-commerce in Southwestern Finland SMEs
Customer relationship management in the United Kingdom e-commerce
Cyberlaw : What You need to know about doing business online
The objectives of this thesis is to discuss the e-commerce situation in Ethiopia and to make a brief business plan for a new startup online business based on the business plan to implement a web shop in the country. It provides a general overview theoretically and practically how to do online business in Ethiopia. It also discusses the business plan which is used as a springboard to start an online shop. The theoretical part help others as an information about the infrastructures and market situations in the country for the locals and outsiders. The main idea in this business plan is to use the market opportunity available and to fill the gap in the online market. According to the business plan, the company will be able to achieve its objectives. But we also should not forget that ShegerMarket, as a start-up company, may face challenges when penetrating into the market. Despite the challenges, the company has a great potential to achieve the goals and to be productive in the market. The next step for this business plan is the actual implementation of the webshop. The process of developing the web shop will start by doing research on the design and what features it should have. After this, the development work will continue immediately. The business will probably start in autumn 2015.
Innovations in SMEs and conducting e-business : technologies, trends and solutions
Internet sales : creating an e-business service offering for steel customers in Russia
Valueweb : how fintech firms are using mobile and blockchain technologies to create the Internet of value
Consumers’ perspective on a modified advertisement-based e-business model for preponed online movie exhibition
E-marketing and e-crm : theories and case studies / main author: Rania Bakeer, co-author: Yousra Harb
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
Social - local - mobile : the future of location-based services
How to dotcom : a step-by-step guide to e-commerce / Robert McGarvey
Visual design as an aspect of an online store's usability : case: Radio86 Store
Establishing a start-up e-commerce company in Finland
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Adoption of E-commerce in Nigerian Businesses : A Change from Traditional to E-commerce Business Model in Richbol Environmental Services Limited
In the future, shopping will be greatly influenced by a combination of localization issues, mobile internet at the point of sale, and use of social networks. This book focuses on the ‘SoLoMo synergies’ that arise from this paradigm shift in future shopping, which also promises new and effective marketing options for traditional retailers. It also reflects the current status of research and business practice, analyzing the basic factors of SoLoMo in detail. The importance of Location-based Services (LBS) is elaborated and analyzed in an empirical study using a market based case of kaufDA – a leading German online shopping network. The evidence shows that customers see LBS as an attractive tool and are prepared to change their buying behavior. Though LBS is still in its early stages and its professional longevity remains to be seen, it also promises tremendous potential for the future.
The Third Wave : An Entrepreneur's Vision of the Future
Study of customer motivation in large projects to purchase power supplies from an E-shop : case of Elcon Solutions Oy
Handbook of strategic e-business management
E-Business in Nigeria:  A Study of the Challenges Confronting Customers
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
A knowledge management point of view to developing a global e-commerce centre
Enterprise cloud based applications and data integration with enterprise e-business applications : requirement analysis and specifications
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Business plan for a web store : case: Tehtaanmyymälä
Customer retention in e-commerce business
Electronic business
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
Business model captured? : variation in the use of business models
Future of online sales in tourism business
CRM at the speed of light : social CRM strategies, tools, and techniques for engaging your customers
Proceedings : the Third International Symposium on Electronic Commerce and Security Workshops (ISECS 2010) : Guangzhou, China, 29-31, July 2010
Building e-commerce solutions with WooCommerce : transform your WordPress website into a fully-featured e-commerce store with the power of WooCommerce
Best Practices in Web-Store Design
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
An essential guide for every kind of artist that teaches them how to skip the gallery system, find their niche, and connect directly with collectors to profitably sell their art. For years, galleries have acted as gatekeeper separating artists and collectors. But with the explosion of the Internet, a new generation of savvy, independent artists is connecting with buyers and making a substantial living doing what they love. How to Sell Your Art Online shows any artist how to make a successful living from their work. Cory Huff dispels the myth of the starving artist and provides the effective business strategies necessary to make artistic creations pay. He helps individual artists find their niche; outlines the elements essential for an effective website; and provides invaluable advice on e-mail marketing, blogging, social media marketing, and paid advertising-explaining how to tie all these online activities into offline success. Most importantly, he shares the secret to overcoming the biggest challenge artists face when self-marketing: learning how to tell their unique stories. Every artist has a reason for making art, but can't always find the right way to express it. Huff provides exercises artists can use to clarify the intellectual and emotional process behind their art, and teaches them how turn that knowledge into stories they can tell online and in person-and expand their reach through blogs and social media to build their art business. Drawing from the stories of successful artists, thoroughly describing how art is sold today, and providing tips on how to build connections personally and electronically, How to Sell Your Art Online illustrates the countless ways artists can take control of their creative careers-and sell their work without selling out.
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
Electronic Business in Small and Medium Size Enterprises in Vietnam : Cased at Nam Phuong Limited Company
E-commerce opportunities in China : Case: Mad Professor Amplification Oy
Smart start-ups : how to make a fortune from starting online communities
Packaging user preferences in e-commerce
This text offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of e-business and e-commerce management. The author, Dave Chaffey, brings his trademarks of authority, clarity of expression and teaching expertise to bear on a subject in which he actively lectures and consults.
Platform configuration in e-business : new paradigms and dimensions
