http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9468 zebras
zebras
A collection of the comic strip Pearls before swine, specially chosen for young readers. – WorldCat.
Protein engineering of avidin by rational design and DNA family shuffling
This is a serious book
Equids in the ancient world
Characterisation of members of the nuclear receptor 5A (NR5A) family in zebrafish (Danio rerio)
Causes and consequences of individual variation in energy turnover rates
Plexin B2 in mouse and zebrafish development
Abstract.
The histaminergic neurotransmitter system : its development and role in neuronal plasticity in zebrafish, Danio rerio
Coinfection outcome in an opportunistic pathogen depends on the inter-strain interactions
Aberrant intracellular calcium cycling in the heart : mechanistic insights into catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia and heart failure
Handbook of zebra finches
Zebrafish as a model of Parkinson's disease
The influence of infective dose, nutrient availability and coinfection on virulence of Flavobacterium columnare : implications of intensive aquaculture on opportunistic infections
Suitability of zebrafish as test organism for detection of endocrine disrupting chemicals
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Molecular background of three lethal fetal syndromes
Effects of perilipin I & V on the phenotype of zebrafish embryos
Stripy : the zebra foal
Churchill's tale of tails
Katie McGinty wants a pet
HMGB1 (amphoterin) and AMIGO1 in brain development
Z is for Moose
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a significant pathogen in developing countries causing mortality especially among children and the elderly. The development of new pneumococcal vaccines has reduced the amount of serious infections, but several pneumococcal serotypes set a great challenge in the battle against the pathogen. Zebrafish is an excellent model for various infections due to its developed immune system. Zebrafish is easy to maintain and it has many characteristics that make it a widely used animal model. The aim of this study was to set up a model for Streptococcus pneumonia infection in adult zebrafish and to find out if zebrafish can be used in the development of pneumococcal vaccines. The purpose was to find a dose of bacteria that kills half of the test animals, find out the role of pneumococcal virulence factors, and to examine the clearance of S. pneumoniae from the zebrafish blood stream. The purpose was also to find out if two commercial pneumococcal vaccines give zebrafish protection against the Streptococcus pneumonia infection. For the study, the zebrafish were infected intraperitoneally with a wild-type S. pneumoniae and mutants lacking certain virulence factors. The progression of pneumococcal infection was studied by following the mortality and bacteria concentration of blood. For testing the vaccines, fish were injected intramuscularly with the vaccines. The vaccinated fish were infected with wild-type pneumococcus to find out the effects of the vaccines. The results showed that a dose of 5 x 106 colony forming units of wild-type Streptococcus pneumoniae killed approximately half of the fish. Most of the surviving fish were able to clear the bacteria within 24 hours. S. pneumoniae entered the bloodstream very rapidly and was able to multiply in zebrafish. The bacterial concentration continues to grow within six hours post-infection. After 12 hours, the amount of bacteria decreased rapidly and by the next day most of the fish had cleared the bacteria. The mutant experiments indicated that capsule is a crucial virulence factor along with autolysin and pneumolysin. The lack of pili had no effect on the mortality rates when compared with wild-type infections.
Maternal programming : costs, benefits and constraints of maternal hormone transfer
Neurobiology of Parkinson's disease gene pink1 in Danio rerio (Zebrafish)
The zebrafish : atlas of macroscopic and microscopic anatomy
Social learning in zebrafish, Danio rerio
Distribution and function of carbonic anhydrase related proteins (CARPs) VIII, X and XI
Beginning pearls
The aminergic and cholinergic neurotransmitter systems in the zebrafish brain
Fluorescent reporter strains of Mycobacterium marinum as tools enlightening tuberculosis infection biology
Nucleolar RNAs and proteins in leukemia and zebrafish development
Madagascar 3 : Long live the king!
"The zebrafish (Danio rerio) is a valuable and common model for researchers working in the fields of genetics, oncology and developmental sciences. This full-color atlas will aid experimental design and interpretation in these areas by providing a fundamental understanding of zebrafish anatomy. Over 150 photomicrographs are included and can be used for direct comparison with histological slides, allowing quick and accurate identification of the anatomic structures of interest. Hematoxylin and eosin stained longitudinal and transverse sections demonstrate gross anatomic relationships and illustrate the microscopic anatomy of major organs. Unlike much of the current literature, this book is focused exclusively on the zebrafish, eliminating the need for researchers to exclude structures that are only found in other fish".
"Second only to the mouse and rat, Zebrafish are the most popular animal model in biomedical research. Rapid embryonic development and transparent organogenesis, give Zebrafish unique advantages in the study of biological pathways, vertebrate development, carcinogenicity, drug development, genomics, gene function, mutagenesis screening, and toxicology. Providing a quick reference source for basic information and common procedures, this guide is designed for a range of experience levels. It covers all aspects pertaining to the use of these organisms including humane care and management, husbandry, compliance, technical procedures, veterinary care, housing, and water quality management"--Provided by publisher.
Experimental model of Streptococcus pneumoniae infection and vaccine testing on adult zebrafish
It's a George thing!
How the zebra got its stripes : tales from around the world
World's biggest animals
The laboratory zebrafish
Z is for moose
The Zebrafish : cellular and developmental biology
