http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9469 federal state
federal state federation
Arctic perspectives : proceedings : the changing role of the United States in the Circumpolar North : a conference on U.S. Arctic policy
Federal and regional states
Enemies : a history of the FBI
Meech Lake and Canada : perspectives from the West
Remapping India : new states and their political origins
The CPSU, society human rights
Canada challenged : the viability of Confederation
Britain and the European Community : the politics of semi-detachment
Recasting German federalism : the legacies of unification
Marxism and the U.S.S.R : the theory of proletarian dictatorship and the Marxist analysis of Soviet Society
The Pacific and the European Union
Designing Europe : comparative lessons from the federal experience
Reforming federalism : foreign experiences for a reform in Germany
Incumbents and new entrants in the expansion of the United States
"There is a widespread consensus today that the constitutional flexibility to alter boundaries has bolstered the stability of India's democracy, and reduced the potential for conflicts around language. Debates continue about the potential to create more states in response to the demands of marginalised ethnic communities, disgruntled farmers, opportunistic politicians, regional industrialists and others who seek--in different ways--to reshape political and economic arenas. Remapping India looks at the most recent episode of state creation in 2000, when the states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttarakhand came into being in some of the poorest, yet resource-rich, regions of Hindi-speaking north and central India. Their creation represented a new turn in the history of territorial organisation in India. This book explains the politics that lay behind this episode of post-linguistic state reorganisation, and what it means for the future design of India's federal system"--
Catching fire
Big enough to be inconsistent : Abraham Lincoln confronts slavery and race
The federalist or, the new constitution
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
From dual to cooperative federalism : the changing structure of European law
Comparative federalism : the European Union and the United States in comparative perspective
Economic analysis of law
Europe from the Balkans to the Urals : the disintegration of Yugoslavia and the Soviet Union
Secret incomes of the Soviet state budget
Perestroika : Soviet domestic and foreign policies
Religion in the Soviet Union
Ethnic federalism : the Ethiopian experience in comparative perspective
State and local government 1999-2000
The return : Russia's journey from Gorbachev to Medvedev
Fundamentals of Soviet state law
Federal government
The Federal reserve act : its origin and problems
The organisation of African unity and its charter
Elite bargaining and the evolution of centre-periphery relations in post-Soviet Russia : a comparative analysis
Paradiplomacy in action : the foreign relations of subnational governments
Politics and government in the Federal Republic of Germany : basic documents
Documents on democracy in the Federal Republic of Germany : basic law for the Federal Republic of Germany, law on the Federal Constitutional Court, law on political parties, Federal electoral law, rules of procedure of the German Bundestag
A calendar of Soviet treaties 1974-1980
Approaching the European federation?
The Federalist papers
Federal practice : exploring alternatives for Georgia and Abkhazia
What the Soviet constitution guarantees
The Soviet system of government
The role of federal courts in U.S. customs & international trade law
Public policy making in a federal system
The EU constitution : a Finn at the Convention
The constitutions of the USSR and the union republics : analysis, texts, reports
Constituting federal sovereignty : the European Union in comparative context
Public sector reforms in Germany: whence and where? : A case of ambivalence
The prospect of federalism in Europe
Russian legal texts : the foundations of a rule-of-law state and a market economy
An Iraq of its regions : cornerstones of a federal democracy?
The United States of Europe
Red nations : the nationalities experience in and after the USSR
"A thorough analysis of the emergence of new states in India and what it heralds for the future"--
The state, democracy and legality in the USSR : Lenin's ideas today
The Transatlantic Alliance on the eve of the new millennium
Exploring federalism
Swiss democracy : possible solutions to conflict in multicultural societies
Designing federalism : a theory of self-sustainable federal institutions
Treaties and alliances of the world
The American state constitutional tradition
The Supreme Court's federalism : real or imagined?
Why we fight : Congress and the politics of World War II
Flexibility in constitutions : forms of closer cooperation in federal and non-federal settings; post Nice edition
Centre-state relations in India : a study of sub-national aspirations
Constitutional development in the USSR : a guide to the Soviet constitutions
Political economy in Federal States : selected essays of Stanley L. Winer
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
American sovereigns : the people and America's constitutional tradition before the Civil War
Devolution in context : regional, federal and devolved government in the member states of the European Union
The citizenship law of the USSR
The State law of the socialist countries
APN comments on the USSR constitution
Taxation issues in a federal state and economic groupings with concurrent taxing authorities : proceedings of a Seminar held in Geneva in 1996 during the 50th Congress of the International Fiscal Association
A constitution for the European Union
European governmentality : the liberal drift of multilevel governance
Democracy in America
Federal and regional states in the perspective of European integration
Hart and Wechslerś the federal courts and the federal system
Abstract: The constitutional decision-making to join European Economic and Monetary Union.
Federalism : the multiethnic challenge
Federalism and European Union : the building of Europe, 1950-2000
Secession, state & liberty
Enemies is the first definitive history of the FBI's secret intelligence operations, from an author whose work on the Pentagon and the CIA won him the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. We think of the FBI as America's police force. But secret intelligence is the Bureau's first and foremost mission. Enemies is the story of how presidents have used the FBI to conduct political warfare, and how the Bureau became the most powerful intelligence service the United States possesses. Here is the hidden history of America's hundred-year war on terror. The FBI has fought against terrorists, spies, anyone it deemed subversive--and sometimes American presidents. The FBI's secret intelligence and surveillance techniques have created a tug-of-war between national security and civil liberties. It is a tension that strains the very fabric of a free republic.--Publisher description.
Political theory and the European constitution
Governing in Europe : effective and democratic?
Idea of European federation and the resistance - the federal ideas in the statements of the Italian resistenza and Altiero Spinelli, in particular
The territories of the Russian Federation 2001.
Between the lines : interpreting welfare rights
Comparative federalism and federation : competing traditions and future directions
Federalism doomed? : European federalism between integration and separation
Federalism and multiethnic states : the case of Switzerland
Red star and green crescent
Modern policing
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Taxes payable by non-Russian companies in the territory of The Russian Federation
Swiss constitutional law
The effects of the direct implementation of EU law by the devolved bodies on national actors
The territories of the Russian Federation
The expanding European Union : past, present, future
Comparative federalism : theory and practice
The united states of Europe : manifesto for a new Europe
Indian autonomies : keywords and key texts
Ethnocide of Ukrainians in the U.S.S.R. : spring 1974, an underground journal from Soviet Ukraine
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Fiscal federalism in four federal countries
Democracy in America : and two essays on America
The federal condition in Canada
Theory of public finance in a federal state
The rights of the individual in socialist society
From Yugoslavia to the western Balkans : studies of a European disunion, 1991-2011
The story of the confederacy
The Ashgate research companion to federalism
European constitutionalism beyond the state
