http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9474 Euclidean geometry
Euclidean geometry
Euclidean and non-euclidean geometries : development and history
Now in a revised and expanded new edition, this volume chronologically traces the evolution of Euclidean, non-Euclidean, and relativistic theories regarding the shape of the universe. A unique, highly readable, and entertaining account, the book assumes no special mathematical knowledge. It reviews the failed classical attempts to prove the parallel postulate and provides coverage of the role of Gauss, Lobachevskii, and Bolyai in setting the foundations of modern differential geometry, which laid the groundwork for Einstein's theories of special and general relativity. This updated account includes a new chapter on Islamic contributions to this area, as well as additional information on gravitation, the nature of space and black holes.
Affine geometry and quadrics are fascinating subjects alone, but they are also important applications of linear algebra. They give a first glimpse into the world of algebraic geometry yet they are equally relevant to a wide range of disciplines such as engineering. This text discusses and classifies affinities and Euclidean motions culminating in classification results for quadrics. A high level of detail and generality is a key feature unmatched by other books available. Such intricacy makes this a particularly accessible teaching resource as it requires no extra time in deconstructing the author's reasoning. The provision of a large number of exercises with hints will help students to develop their problem solving skills and will also be a useful resource for lecturers when setting work for independent study. Affinities, Euclidean Motions and Quadrics takes rudimentary, and often taken-for-granted, knowledge and presents it in a new, comprehensive form. Standard and non-standard examples are demonstrated throughout and an appendix provides the reader with a summary of advanced linear algebra facts for quick reference to the text.
Jones strives to present a slow introduction to Lebesgue integration by dealing with n-dimensional spaces from the outset. In addition, the text provide a thorough treatment of Fourier analysis, while holistically preparing students to become workers in real analysis.
János Bolyai, Non-Euclidean Geometry, and the Nature of Space
Ad infinitum ... : the ghost in Turing's machine : taking God out of mathematics and putting the body back in : an essay in corporeal semiotics
The non-Euclidean revolution
Ideas of space : euclidean, non-euclidean, and relativistic
Episodes in nineteenth and twentieth century Euclidean geometry
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Geometry & symmetry
Non-Euclidean geometry
Lobachevsky wrote Pangeometry in 1855, the year before his death. This memoir is a résumé of his work on non-Euclidean geometry and its applications and can be considered his clearest account on the subject. It is also the conclusion of his life's work and the last attempt he made to acquire recognition. The treatise contains basic ideas of hyperbolic geometry, including the trigonometric formulae, the techniques of computation of arc length, of area and of volume, with concrete examples. It also deals with the applications of hyperbolic geometry to the computation of new definite integrals. The techniques are different from those found in most modern books on hyperbolic geometry since they do not use models. Besides its historical importance, Lobachevsky's Pangeometry is a beautiful work, written in a simple and condensed style. The material that it contains is still very alive, and reading this book will be most useful for researchers and for students in geometry and in the history of science. It can be used as a textbook, as a sourcebook, and as a repository of inspiration. The present edition provides the first complete English translation of Pangeometry available in print. It contains facsimiles of both the Russian and the French original versions. The translation is accompanied by notes, followed by a biography of Lobachevky and an extensive commentary. A publication of the European Mathematical Society (EMS). Distributed within the Americas by the American Mathematical Society.
On Picard-type theorems and boundary behavior of quasiregular mappings
"Includes complete unabridged text of all thirteen books of Euclid's Elements in T.L. Heath's translation with minor corrections to text and translation. The text has been newly laid out and most diagrams have been redrawn.
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. 3, Books X-XIII. Appendix
Analytic projective geometry
Axiomatic geometry
Diff-convex combinations of Euclidean distances : a search for optima
Janos Bolyai (1802-1860) was a mathematician who changed our fundamental ideas about space. As a teenager he started to explore a set of nettlesome geometrical problems, including Euclid's parallel postulate, and in 1832 he published a brilliant twenty-four-page paper that eventually shook the foundations of the 2000-year-old tradition of Euclidean geometry. Bolyai's "Appendix" (published as just that -- an appendix to a much longer mathematical work by his father) set up a series of mathematical proposals whose implications would blossom into the new field of non-Euclidean geometry, providing essential intellectual background for ideas as varied as the theory of relativity and the work of Marcel Duchamp. In this short book, Jeremy Gray explains Bolyai's ideas and the historical context in which they emerged, were debated, and were eventually recognized as a central achievement in the Western intellectual tradition. Intended for nonspecialists, the book includes facsimiles of Bolyai's original paper and the 1898 English translation by G. B. Halstead, both reproduced from copies in the Burndy Library at MIT.
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Affine maps, Euclidean motions and quadrics
An axiomatic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy I
Hölder parametrizations of self-similar sets
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. Vol. 3, Books X-XIII and appendix
Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometry : an analytic approach
Curves and singularities : a geometrical introduction to singularity theory
Poincaré duality for open sets in Euclidean spaces
Focusing methodologically on those historical aspects that are relevant to supporting intuition in axiomatic approaches to geometry, the book develops systematic and modern approaches to the three core aspects of axiomatic geometry: Euclidean, non-Euclidean and projective. Historically, axiomatic geometry marks the origin of formalized mathematical activity. It is in this discipline that most historically famous problems can be found, the solutions of which have led to various presently very active domains of research, especially in algebra. The recognition of the coherence of two-by-two contradictory axiomatic systems for geometry (like one single parallel, no parallel at all, several parallels) has led to the emergence of mathematical theories based on an arbitrary system of axioms, an essential feature of contemporary mathematics. This is a fascinating book for all those who teach or study axiomatic geometry, and who are interested in the history of geometry or who want to see a complete proof of one of the famous problems encountered, but not solved, during their studies: circle squaring, duplication of the cube, trisection of the angle, construction of regular polygons, construction of models of non-Euclidean geometries, etc. It also provides hundreds of figures that support intuition. Through 35 centuries of the history of geometry, discover the birth and follow the evolution of those innovative ideas that allowed humankind to develop so many aspects of contemporary mathematics. Understand the various levels of rigor which successively established themselves through the centuries. Be amazed, as mathematicians of the 19th century were, when observing that both an axiom and its contradiction can be chosen as a valid basis for developing a mathematical theory. Pass through the door of this incredible world of axiomatic mathematical theories!
Geometry, relativity and the fourth dimension
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. 1, Introduction. Books I, II
Correlation coefficients as scalar products in euclidean spaces
Mappings of finite distortion on generalized manifolds
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. Vol. 2, Books III-IX
The fourth dimension and non-Euclidean geometry in modern art
Crocheting adventures with hyperbolic planes
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. Vol. 1, Introduction and books I, II
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. 2, Books III-IX
An introduction to non-Euclidean geometry
Elementary Euclidean geometry : an undergraduate introduction
Lebesgue integration on Euclidean space
Euclid's Elements : all thirteen books complete in one volume : the Thomas L. Heath translation
Euclid : the creation of mathematics
