http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9470 states of a federation
states of a federation
New frontiers of state constitutional law : dual enforcement of norms
Cold in July
Life during wartime
Working, shirking, and sabotage : bureaucratic response to a democratic public
Listening for Lucca
Fargo. the complete first season
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
Resident evil : extinction
A slant of light : a novel
How the states got their shapes
Provision of and participation in primary education in the pastoralist regions of Afar and Somali of Ethiopia
Swiss constitutional law
National geographic picture atlas of our fifty states
Facts about Germany
Goa
Patterns of panchayati raj in India
Frommer's New York State
The politics of autonomy : Indian experiences
Fine just the way it is
Natchez burning
Holding government bureaucracies accountable
Southern politics in state and nation
Strategies and recommendations for addressing forest health issues in the Blue Mountains of Oregon and Washington
Saving CeeCee Honeycutt
Report of the Pennsylvania Local Government Survey
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Clock without hands
Flight behavior : a novel
Democracy in America : and two essays on America
Las Vegas : a centennial history
Characteristics of ruffed grouse drumming sites in Western Washington and their application in management
Competition among states and local governments : efficiency and equity in American federalism
The territories of the Russian Federation : 2004
Enchanting Australia
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
The story of American statehood
National Geographic Picture Atlas of Our Fifty States
The fourth hand
National elections and the autonomy of American state party systems
Conclusion (s. 113-116).
True detective. The complete second season
The Best of Black Crowes for guitar
Making Scotland's parliament work
Interstate relations in Australia
The 50 states : explore the U.S.A. with 50 fact-filled maps!
The guilty
United States atlas
Jim Crow New York : a documentary history of race and citizenship, 1777-1877
Oxford atlas of the United States
The United States of America : a state-by-state guide
The American South in the 1960's
Gourmet's America
The american legislative process : congress and the states
The United States cookbook : fabulous foods and fascinating facts from all 50 states
Sycamore row : a novel
The innocents
The American state constitutional tradition
The remedy for love : a novel
The modern anthropology of India : ethnography, themes and theory
New England state politics
The Quebec-Canada case compared to the Faroes and Greenland
The territories and states of India
Worldwide geographic location codes
The redeemers
A savage kingdom : Virginia and the founding of English America
The USA book : a journey through America
Labels and jurisdictions: an empirical critique of standard models of portfolio allocation in political science
State by state : a panoramic portrait of America
Remapping India : new states and their political origins
Delta blues : Oak anthology of blues guitar
A faint cold fear
Recall! : California's political earthquake
Needful things
The United States
Go set a watchman
Discover America : A scenic tour of the fifty states
A Texas love story
Rand McNally Atlas of the United States
The sea of innocence
The South in the history of the nation : a reader
Sonny Terry's country blues harmonica : by Sonny Terry as told to Kent Cooper
The theory of death
BB Wolf and the three LPs
Lawmaking and the legislative process : committees, connections, and compromises
Fractured
Constituting federal sovereignty : the European Union in comparative context
Indian autonomies : keywords and key texts
House of echoes : a novel
Jhārkhaṇḍ āndolan, udgam evam utthān = Jharkhand movement, origin and evolution
"A thorough analysis of the emergence of new states in India and what it heralds for the future"--
Politics in the American states : a comparative analysis
Coast of dreams : California on the edge, 1990-2003
Inventing the dream : California through the progressive era
The USA and Canada 2006.
American wine : the ultimate companion to the wines and wineries of the United States
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
Salt water taffy, the seaside adventures of Jack and Benny. 4 : Caldera's revenge. Part 1
The USA Book : A Journey Through America
DISCOVER AMERICA : A SCENIC TOUR OF THE FIFTY..
The progressive Yankees : Republican reformers in New Hampshire, 1906-1916
The Missouri controversy 1819-1821
Our 50 states : a family adventure across America
The Catalan statute of autonomy
How we named our state
When crickets cry : a novel of the heart
State songs of the United States : an annotated anthology
The territories of the Russian Federation : 2006.
Purity : a novel
Fine just the way it is : Wyoming stories
Think of a number
"There is a widespread consensus today that the constitutional flexibility to alter boundaries has bolstered the stability of India's democracy, and reduced the potential for conflicts around language. Debates continue about the potential to create more states in response to the demands of marginalised ethnic communities, disgruntled farmers, opportunistic politicians, regional industrialists and others who seek--in different ways--to reshape political and economic arenas. Remapping India looks at the most recent episode of state creation in 2000, when the states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttarakhand came into being in some of the poorest, yet resource-rich, regions of Hindi-speaking north and central India. Their creation represented a new turn in the history of territorial organisation in India. This book explains the politics that lay behind this episode of post-linguistic state reorganisation, and what it means for the future design of India's federal system"--
State and local government 1999-2000
National Geographic guide to birding hot spots of the United States
Evangelizing the South : a social history of church and state in the early America
Legislative issues in the fifty States : a comparative analysis
Contributed articles.
Our fifty states
Big road atlas USA 2010
The Parliament of Catalonia : the structure and functions of Parliament : the palace of Parliament
Democracy in America
The USA and Canada 2008.
Strengthening the Connecticut legislature : an Eagleton study and report
Iron horsemen
He is only in his early thirties, but now Quinn Colson is jobless--voted out of office as sheriff of Tibbehah County, Mississippi, thanks to the machinations of county kingpin Johnny Stagg. He has offers, in bigger and better places, but before he goes, he's got one more job to do--bring down Stagg's criminal operations for good. At least that's the plan. But in the middle of the long, hot summer, a trio of criminals stage a bold, wall-smashing break-in at the home of a local lumber mill owner, making off with a million dollars in cash from his safe, which is curious, because the mill owner is wealthy--but not that wealthy. None of this has anything to do with Colson, but during the investigation, two men are killed, one of them the new sheriff. His friend, acting sheriff Lillie Virgil, and a dangerous former flame, Anna Lee Stevens, both ask him to step in, and reluctantly he does, only to discover that that safe contained more than just money--it held secrets. Secrets that could either save Colson--or destroy him once and for all.
Let the devil sleep
Total recall : my unbelievably true life story
We are still here
American federalism : competition among governments
Pictorial atlas of the united states and canada
