http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p947 hunting and fishing
hunting and fishing fishing and hunting
Petticoat whalers : whaling wives at sea, 1820-1920
Fishing with traps and pots
"I was once independent..." : challenges of contemporary power in the Canadian Arctic
The Marine Research Institute (MRI) has annually gathered information on fish stocks in Icelandic waters since spring 1985. These researches have been carried out by bottom trawls. Since 1996 the bottom trawling has been carried out also in autumn. The purpose of this research has been to gather information on the development of fish stocks as well as the distribution of their length, weight and age. The main focus in this thesis lies on cod (Gadus morhua). While observing the Icelandic fishing industry, the importance of cod is greater than other species. This thesis focuses on the data gathered by bottom trawls between spring 1985 and autumn 2010. The species included to this thesis are cod and haddock (Melangrammus aeglefinus). The results base largely on the average lengths and weights and how these two vary between different age groups. The average lengths have increased slightly in 21st century for both cod and haddock. In the spring survey carried out in 1985-2010 the average length for cod was 40-50 cm while in the autumn survey carried out 1996-2010 the average length had risen to 50-60 cm. In the spring survey the average length for haddock was 30-40 cm while in the autumn survey the average length had risen to 35-45 cm. Also the average weights have increased during the survey for both cod and haddock. However, the amounts for total catches have not shown any remarkable recovery. While trying to preserve sustainable fish stocks, creating new and more precise catching methods have an important role. This reduces the amount of bycatches and would also help the regulation of fish stocks.
Distribution and population structure of the bear (Ursus arctos L.) in Finland
Pearls : their origin, treatment and identification
Whalers's clothing from a 17th-18th century cemetery at Likneset, Northwest Svalbard : a discussion of the cemetery's dating and Svalbard's role during the pelagic whaling period
Hunting & trapping in Siberia
Archaeological investigations of 17th century whaling on Svalbard
The influence of weather factors on insect catches in traps equipped with different lamps in Northern Finland
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Leaving for the seal hunt : the life of a swiler
Aleuts : survivors of the Bering Land Bridge
Dolphins & whales
Marine ranching
Light trap catches of insects at Kevo, northernmost Finland
Ice fishing : the ultimate guide
People and culture in the North Pacific : between indigenous societies and politics, economy : the proceedings of the 19th International Abashiri Symposium
Environmental life cycle assessment of Norway lobster (Nephrops norvegicus) caught along the Swedish west coast by creels and conventional trawls : a data report
Peasant fisherman whaling in the Northeast Atlantic area, ca 900-1900 AD
Report of the Workshop on Management of the Caribbean Spiny Lobster (Panulirus argus) Fisheries in the Area of the Western Central Atlantic Fishery Commission : Mérida, Mexico, 4-8 September 2000 = Informe del Taller sobre manejo de las pesquerías de langosta espinosa (Panulirus argus) del área de la Comisón de pesca para el Atlántico centro-occidental : Mérida, México, 4-8 de septiembre de 2000
Whales, ice, and men : the history of whaling in the western Arctic
Pilot whaling in the Faroe Islands : history - ethnography - symbol
Population assessment of Atlantic walrus : Odobenus rosmarus rosmarus L.
English translations of selected publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 1, Selected translated publications, 1965-1994
Transition and order : a study of Sámi rectangular hearths in Pasvik, arctic Norway
Arctic passage : the turbulent history of the land and people of the Bering Sea, 1697-1975
Northern mists
The year 2010 marked the one-hundredth anniversary of the first publication of Johan Turi's Muitalus samiid birra (An Account of the Sami), the first secular book ever published in Sami language. Turi's book is a classic of Sami literature and cultural history. It provides fascinating insights into Sami traditional practices, from reindeer husbandry to hunting and trapping, to childbirth, healing, courtship and song. Turi's Account provides a unique glimpse of turn-of-the-twentieth-century Sami life, and provides fascinating points of comparison with the writings of other indigenous authors from other parts of the world. -- The translation is the work of Thomas A. DuBois. Also included in the present edition are exemplars of Turi's artwork. Together they reveal Turi's claim not only to the title of "first author of the Sami" but also "first multi-media artist" and "first researcher."
Workshop on Bycatch, Particularly in Prawn Fisheries, and on the Implementation of an Ecosystem Approach to Fisheries Management : Maputo, Mozambique, 15-24 November 2005
Greenlanders, whales, and whaling : sustainability and self-determination in the Arctic
Management plan for the Finnish seal populations in the Baltic Sea
Cod-nets, boats and men : a study of the winter-season fishing on the southwest coast of Iceland
Proceedings of the First Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) at Phuket Marine Biological Center, Thailand, 12-18 August 1991.
Whaling and history : perspectives on the evolution of the industry
The Ainu and Northern peoples : with special reference to the subsistence strategy : the proceedings of the 14th International Abashiri Symposium
Hunters and gatherers. 2, Property, power and ideology
Atlas promyslovyh morskih bespozvonočnyh, vodoroslej i trav Primorskogo kraâ = Atlas of commercial marine invertebrates, grasses and algae of Primorskii Krai
A harpoon head from the depths of the sea
The last pescadores of Chimalhuacán, Mexico : an archaeological ethnography
Captain Marooner
The transformation of the Siida
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Monstrous fishes and the Mead-Dark Sea : whaling in the medieval North Atlantic
Man the hunter
The cruise of the 'Cachalot' : round the world after sperm whales
Racing extinction
Shrimp is now the most valuable internationally traded fishery commodities. This report summarizes the results of an FAO commissioned global study focusing on social, economic and environmental impacts, and also contains studies representative of various geographic regions and of a variety of important shrimp fishery conditions: Australia, Cambodia, Indonesia, Kuwait, Madagascar, Mexico, Nigeria, Norway, Trinidad and Tobago and the United States of America.--Publisher's description.
When the whalers were up north : inuit memories from the Eastern arctic
Moby-Dick
Whales and doplhins
Proceedings of the Fourth Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) at Prince of Songkla University, Thailand & Phuket Marine Biological Center, Thailand, October 27-November 2 1993.
The North water : a novel
Synopsis of biological data on the European abalone (ormer), Haliotis tuberculata Linnaeus, 1758 (Gastropoda: Haliotidae)
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Suitability of the Cites Criteria for Listing Commercially Exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 28-30 June 2000 = Rapport de la Consultation technique sur la pertinence des critères d'établissement de la liste des espèces aquatiques faisant l'objet d'une exploitation commerciale au titre de la cites Rome, 28-30 juin 2000 = Informe de la Consulta técnica sobre la idoneidad de los criterios de la cites para la lista de especies acuáticas explotadas comercialmente Roma, 28-30 de junio de 2000.
"She was a sister sailor" : the whaling journals of Mary Brewster 1845-1851
People and culture in the North Pacific : cultural contacts and indigenous societies : the proceedings of the 18th International Abashiri Symposium
The South Sea Whaler : an annotated bibliography of published historical, literary and art material relating to whaling in the Pacific Ocean in the nineteenth century
Traditional beluga drives of the Iñupiat of Kotzebue Sound, Alaska
Rush OH!
Salmon fishing in Tornedalen
It was one of those childhood friendships of convenience - two lads in the same village who go to the same school. But then Cassidy gets it into his head that they should set traps for rats in his garden, and things start to go very, very wrong / WorldCat.
Moby Dick or the white whale
Studies of white whales (Delphinapterus leucas) and narwhals (Monodon monoceros) in Greenland and adjacent waters
Enhancing or restoring the productivity of natural populations of shellfish and other marine invertebrate resources
Tropical shrimp fisheries : types of fishing gear used and their selectivity
Three 17th century whaling stations in south-eastern Svalbard : an archaeological missing link
Evaluation of the state of the Icelandic and north Icelandic cod and haddock stocks based on the groundfish survery carried out in 1985-2010
Whaling diplomacy : defining issues in international environmental law
Iron age and medieval seal hunting sites : archaelogical investigations at Bjuröklubb, Västerbotten, Northern Sweden. Part 1
An ethnographic reconstruction of the economy of the indigenous maritime culture of northwestern Siberia
Popular hunting and trapping in Norrland
Impacts of trawling and scallop dredging on benthic habitats and communities
The history of modern whaling
Animal rights and Greenlandic sealing : a threat to culture survival
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
A whaling captain's daughter : the diary of Laura Jernegan, 1868-1871
The hunting of the whale : a tragedy that must end
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
Molluscs : their significance for science, medicine, commerce and culture
Data on the Finnish bear, mainly from the period 1960 - 1971, were collected from various sources. Of the bears killed during the period 1960 - 1971, the sex of 536 was determined and the age of 666. The present range of the bear in Finland covers a narrow zone on the eastern frontier in North Karelia and Kainuu, and eastern and central parts of Lapland...
The Hornsund whaling station - exploration and conservation problems
Community-based whaling in the North
Wild reindeer hunting in arctic Norway : landscape, reindeer migration patterns and the distribution of hunting pits in Finnmark
An account of the arctic regions : with a history and description of the northern whale-fishery
Hunters and gatherers. 1, History, evolution and social change
Workshop on Status and Trends in Aquatic Genetic Resources : a basis for international policy : 8-10 May 2006, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Aboriginal subsistence whaling in Greenland : the case of Qeqertarsuaq municipality in West Greenland
Sealing and animal husbandry in the Ålandic Middle and Late Neolithic
Sharing and the ideology of subsistence in a Greenlandic sealing community
Proceedings of the Third Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) at Phuket Marine Biological Center, Thailand, 1-4 November 1992.
Arctic whaling adventures
Japanese whaling : end of an era?
Advances in sea cucumber aquaculture and management
Fish saving : a history of fish processing from ancient to modern times
When the whalers were up North : Inuit memories from easten Awrctic
Electrical stunning of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar)
The role of trapping in population management of the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus (L.)
Key issues in hunter-gatherer research
Hunter-gatherers and their neighbors in Asia, Africa, and South America
"Real barbarians eat whales" : Norwegian identity and the whaling issue
The black-tailed deer of the chaparral : its life history and management in the north coast range of California
The north water
The hunting peoples
Norwegian whaling in Newfoundland : the Aquaforte Station and the Ellefsen family, 1902-1908
Global study of shrimp fisheries
Report of the Regional Workshop on the Monitoring and Management of Queen Conch, Strombus gigas, Kingston, Jamaica, 1-5 May 2006.
An account of the Sámi : a translation of Muitalus sámiid birra, based on the Sámi original
Moby-Dick : or, the whale
The secret world of whales
Monitoring and managing queen conch fisheries : a manual
Ancient harp seal hunters of Disko Bay : subsistence and settlement at the Saqqaq Culture Site Qeqertasussuk (2400-1400 BC), West Greenland
This publication presents guidelines on the requirements for responsible management of the fisheries exploiting Caribbean queen conch (Strombus gigas), with particular emphasis on the requirements to comply with the relevant regulations of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES). The Caribbean queen conch is listed on Appendix II of the CITES, which requires that any specimen of the species can only be exported if a permit has been issued to allow the export. Further, CITES states that export permits should only be issued when the responsible authority has deemed that the export will not be detrimental to the survival of that species. This manual describes the basic fisheries management cycle which includes: development and interpretation of policy; the need for management controls to regulate fishing activities; data collection and analysis; decision-making; enforcement of and compliance with the management controls; and regular feedback and review of the management system. It provides general guidance on each of those steps for the queen conch fisheries of the Caribbean. It also provides three examples of management systems for industrial, artisanal and non-directed fisheries. Part 1 covers the main issues and examples in a relatively non-technical manner and Part 2 explains similar issues in a more technical manner.
Development and Northern peoples : proceedings
Selected English translations of publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 2, Squid (biology and fishing)
Moby-Dick, or, the whale
Shellfish life histories and shellfishery models : selected papers from a symposium held in Moncton, New Brunswick, 25-29 June 1990
Hunting the largest animals : native whaling in the Western Arctic and Subarctic
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
A study of South American Indian hunting traps
Monitoring bird populations using mist nets
QIM (Quality Index Method) assessment of cod and Norway lobster caught by various fishing methods
Report of the Regional Workshop on Approaches to Reducing Shrimp Trawl Bycatch in the Western Indian Ocean : Mombasa, Kenya, 13-15 April 2003.
The seal's fate
Management by totemization : whale symbolism and the anti-whaling campaign
The workshop received national reports and reviews concerning bycatch, sea turtle distribution, critical habitats, main sources of natural and man-induced mortality and conservation efforts. The use of turtle excluding devices and interactions between sea turtles and fisheries in the shrimp trawling was discussed. Two different methods of identifying ecosystem approach to fisheries issues and risk analysis in order to prioritize the issues were presented and tested.--Publisher's description.
Environmental factors affecting 17th-19th century whaling in the Greenland Sea
People and culture in the North Pacific : from the viewpoint of the use of biological resources : the proceedings of the 17th International Abashiri Symposium
Report of the Second Workshop on the Management of Caribbean Spiny Lobster Fisheries in the WECAFC Area : Havana, Cuba, 30 September-4 October 2002 = Informe del Segundo Taller sobre manejo de las pesquerías de la langosta espinosa del Caribe del área de la COPACO : La Habana, Cuba, 30 de septiembre-4 octubre de 2002
When the whalers were up north : Inuit memories from the Eastern Arctic
Some points concerning land, forest and fishing in Tornedalen
Dumb chocolate eyes
The captain's best mate : the journal of Mary Chipman Lawrence on the whaler Addison, 1856-1860
Consolidated report on the shell-fisheries in the Andamans during the years 1930-35 : with extracts from earlier reports and two plates
Five early european winterings in the Atlantic Arctic (1596-1635) : a comparison
Cephalopods of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of cephalopod species known to date. Vol. 2, : Myopsid and Oegopsid squids
