http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9472 owner-occupied residences
owner-occupied residences
Housing, risk and security : a qualitative interview study on a Finnish neighbourhood
Homeowners' associations in Russia after the 2005 housing reform
Lobbying at the local level : social assets in Russian firms
Nobody's home : dreams and realities in a new suburb
Guidelines on condominium ownership of housing for countries in transition
Abstract.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Property and trust
Home ownership in a risk society : a social analysis of mortgage arrears and possessions
Housing wealth and mortality : a register linkage study of the Finnish population
A nation of home owners
Fixed commitments, uncertain incomes : sustainable owner-occupation and the economy
The growth of urban home-ownership in Finland 1950-1980
International property investments : articles on market selection and effects on local markets
The town house in Georgian London
Apartment ownership and mortgage finance in Lithuania = Busto nuosavybe ir busto kreditavimas Lietuvoje
House price fluctuations and residential sorting
Home equity and ageing owners : between risk and regulation
Indices of owner-occupied housing prices
Demand for owner-occupied housing has expanded dramatically across modern-industrialized societies in recent years leading to volatile increases in residential property values. This book explores the rise of modern home-ownership as a cultural, socio-political and ideological phenomenon. There has been a phenomenal growth in owner-occupied housing and rapid increases in house prices across societies in recent decades. Many countries have been overwhelmed by the demand for home ownership, by the aggregate wealth built up in housing property, as well as by the debt bound up in mortgage markets. This book considers how and why home ownership became so significant in various international contexts. A central concept is 'home ownership ideology', which implies that housing practices are not benign but support particular alignments of social-power relations. A complementary concept is that of 'homeowner society', which suggests that social relations in some societies are specifically orientated towards owner-occupied housing systems, which play a role in development pathways. While there has been a growing demand for owner-occupied housing and a substantial augmentation in property values, there has not been a parallel awareness of the wider social impact. The objective in this book is to develop understanding of the role of housing systems, ideologies and practices in emerging social structures.
Summary.
Housing : a factual analysis
The optimal tax treatment of housing capital in the neoclassical growth model
Housing and family wealth : comparative international perspectives
A decision support system for investing in owner-occupied dwellings
Do homeowners benefit urban neihgborhoods? : evidence from housing prices
The Marimekko vision of architecture and interiors
Housing law in the Nordic countries : a report commissioned by the Nordic Council of Ministers
Poverty and home ownership in contemporary Britain
Legal framework of user-owned dwellings in the Baltic countries
Home ownership : differentiation and fragmentation
Housing markets, liquidity constraints and labor mobility
Housing demand and tenure choice : evidence from Finland
Summary (s. 15-20).
Studies on owner-occupied housing, taxation and portfolio choice
Property rights and privatisation in the Baltic countries
The household : informal order around the hearth
Asuntojen hinnat 2007 = House prices
Imputed rental income, taxation and income distribution in Finland
On the political economy of housing's tax status
International property investments - articles on market selection and effects on local markets
Whose place in the sun? : residential tourism and its implications for equitable and sustainable development in Guanacaste, Costa Rica
Asuntojen hinnat 2004 = House prices
Prices of dwellings in housing companies
House prices and the macroeconomy : implications for banking and price stability
City of American dreams : a history of home ownership and housing reform in Chicago, 1871-1919
Asuntojen hinnat 2005 = House prices
Housing and Public Policy : citizenship, choice and control
Home ownership and social inequality in comparative perspective
Conceptualising home : theories, laws and policies
The Ideology of home ownership : homeowner societies and the role of housing
Apartment ownership and registration : ten case studies in Europe
Abstract (1 s.).
Living the revolution : urban communes & Soviet socialism, 1917-1932
How to buy your own house in Finland : a practical guide for newcomers
Residential mobility and tenure choice in the Swedish housing market
Owner-occupied housing and demand for risky financial assets: some Finnish evidence
Housing women
