http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9473 non-Euclidean geometry
non-Euclidean geometry
The non-Euclidean revolution
Euclidean and non-euclidean geometries : development and history
Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometry : an analytic approach
An introduction to non-Euclidean geometry
Geometry, relativity and the fourth dimension
Ad infinitum ... : the ghost in Turing's machine : taking God out of mathematics and putting the body back in : an essay in corporeal semiotics
Ideas of space : euclidean, non-euclidean, and relativistic
Riemannian geometry
Non-Euclidean geometry
János Bolyai, Non-Euclidean Geometry, and the Nature of Space
Crocheting adventures with hyperbolic planes
Now in a revised and expanded new edition, this volume chronologically traces the evolution of Euclidean, non-Euclidean, and relativistic theories regarding the shape of the universe. A unique, highly readable, and entertaining account, the book assumes no special mathematical knowledge. It reviews the failed classical attempts to prove the parallel postulate and provides coverage of the role of Gauss, Lobachevskii, and Bolyai in setting the foundations of modern differential geometry, which laid the groundwork for Einstein's theories of special and general relativity. This updated account includes a new chapter on Islamic contributions to this area, as well as additional information on gravitation, the nature of space and black holes.
The fourth dimension and non-Euclidean geometry in modern art
Lobachevsky wrote Pangeometry in 1855, the year before his death. This memoir is a résumé of his work on non-Euclidean geometry and its applications and can be considered his clearest account on the subject. It is also the conclusion of his life's work and the last attempt he made to acquire recognition. The treatise contains basic ideas of hyperbolic geometry, including the trigonometric formulae, the techniques of computation of arc length, of area and of volume, with concrete examples. It also deals with the applications of hyperbolic geometry to the computation of new definite integrals. The techniques are different from those found in most modern books on hyperbolic geometry since they do not use models. Besides its historical importance, Lobachevsky's Pangeometry is a beautiful work, written in a simple and condensed style. The material that it contains is still very alive, and reading this book will be most useful for researchers and for students in geometry and in the history of science. It can be used as a textbook, as a sourcebook, and as a repository of inspiration. The present edition provides the first complete English translation of Pangeometry available in print. It contains facsimiles of both the Russian and the French original versions. The translation is accompanied by notes, followed by a biography of Lobachevky and an extensive commentary. A publication of the European Mathematical Society (EMS). Distributed within the Americas by the American Mathematical Society.
Janos Bolyai (1802-1860) was a mathematician who changed our fundamental ideas about space. As a teenager he started to explore a set of nettlesome geometrical problems, including Euclid's parallel postulate, and in 1832 he published a brilliant twenty-four-page paper that eventually shook the foundations of the 2000-year-old tradition of Euclidean geometry. Bolyai's "Appendix" (published as just that -- an appendix to a much longer mathematical work by his father) set up a series of mathematical proposals whose implications would blossom into the new field of non-Euclidean geometry, providing essential intellectual background for ideas as varied as the theory of relativity and the work of Marcel Duchamp. In this short book, Jeremy Gray explains Bolyai's ideas and the historical context in which they emerged, were debated, and were eventually recognized as a central achievement in the Western intellectual tradition. Intended for nonspecialists, the book includes facsimiles of Bolyai's original paper and the 1898 English translation by G. B. Halstead, both reproduced from copies in the Burndy Library at MIT.
