http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9483 BEEF
BEEF
BEEF reference manual : a programmer's guide to the BEEF frame system
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
The paper presents the results of classifications of beef carcasses from 2008 in Romania, reported to Romanian Commission of Pork, Beef and Sheep Carcasses Grading - CCC "EUROP" from the whole Romania, per total and per animal categories without differences, considering only the quality classes and subclasses. The qualitative level of beef carcasses in Romania is extremely low, and most livestock could be classified in the inferior quality classes in terms of conformation and fat deposits as well, according to EUROP system. However, Romania has a great agricultural potential for beef breeding, and the present situation can be changed in better one, based by concrete support from Romania Commission and European Union.
Feed efficiency in the beef industry
Evaluation of carcass and meat quality in cattle and sheep
Beef management and production : a practical guide for farmers and students
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Epidemiology and eradication of bovine viral diarrhoea virus infections : studies on transmission and prenatal diagnosis of persistent infection
Beef export restrictions in Argentina: impact on the beef industry and national welfare
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Nutrition and feeding of organic cattle
Performance recording of animals : state of the art, 2002 : proceedings of the 33rd biennial session of ICAR, Interlaken, Switzerland, May 26-31, 2002
Beef cattle science
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
National grading of quality of beef and veal carcasses in Romania according to "EUROP" system
The Highland Cow
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
Beef cattle nutrition and tropical pastures
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Fatty acid composition of flame-broiled beef longissimus muscle
Developments in beef meat quality
Beef cattle management practices
Grass-fed cattle : how to produce and market natural beef
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Rockabilly festival lp 882.
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Nordic Red (NR), Holstein-Friesian (Hol), Eastern Finncattle (EF), Northern Finncattle (NF) and Western Finncattle (WF) bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 164 862 NR, 87 323 Hol, 283 EF, 523 NF and 1 728 WF bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected including observations of 16 036 NR, 8 806 Hol, 18 EF, 126 NF, and 133 WF bulls. NR and Hol had the highest carcass gain (532 and 542 g d-1, respectively). Overall, the data showed poorer gain of the Finnish native breeds compared to NR and Hol. Among the native breeds, WF (427 g d-1) showed better growth compared to EF (356 g d-1) and NF (385 g d-1).  Less differences were observed in valuable cuttings as might be inferred based on the differences in carcass conformation scores.
Getting started with beef & dairy cattle
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Beef cattle
Developing risk-based food safety management
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Beef practice : cow-calf production medicine
Beef cattle production systems
Argentina, as a member of the Cairns group, is among the most aggressive proponents of agricultural trade liberalization in the Doha round at the WTO. However, to deal with the recent hike in food prices, the Argentine government has been imposing quantitative restrictions on the export of its main staple, beef, in order to ensure food security for its population. Under the assumption that the export and domestic markets are perfectly homogeneous, this study analyzed the impact of the export quota on the beef industry and national welfare. The effect of the restrictions in the beef sector is examined through the use of a Three-Stage-Least-Squares (3SLS) dynamic simultaneous regression which allows for interaction between production, consumption and exports. One interesting implication of this analysis is that, initially, export restrictions manage to decrease beef retail prices at the expense of reduced export sales. However, the restrictions may entail subsequent inflationary consequences since they hamper production. Furthermore, policy simulations revealed that when no restrictions are applied higher prices encourage producers to expand their herds. Then, given enough time to complete the biological cycle of the cattle, supply increases enough to satisfy both domestic and foreign demand and to simultaneously boost exports and bring down consumer prices. The impact of the restrictions on national welfare is assessed through a partial equilibrium model applying the producer and consumer surplus techniques. Results showed that as long as Argentina possesses some power in the world market, export restrictions generate gains to domestic consumers and the country as a whole. However, the size of the gains depends heavily on the demand elasticities considered. As domestic consumption becomes more inelastic and as foreign consumers become more price-responsive, a smaller income transfer from the rest of the world is realized to offset the deadweight loss, reducing significantly the social welfare gains to Argentina.
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Colour of subcutaneous adipose tissue and colour and tenderness of the longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle from Holstein-Friesian, Norwegian RedxHolstein-Friesian and JerseyxHolstein-Friesian cattle slaughtered at two live weights as bulls or steers
Agricultural exports and economic growth : a study of the Botswana beef industry
A comparison of Nordic Red, Holstein-Friesian and Finnish native cattle bulls for beef production and carcass traits : research notes
Effects of replacing different proportions of barley grain by barley fibre on performance of dairy bulls
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
Breeding for carcass traits in dairy cattle
A photographic guide to the muscular and skeletal anatomy of the beef carcass
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
The cattle industry and the tariff
Planned beef production
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Animal performance and carcass characteristics of growing Hereford bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions in Northern Finland
Suckled calf production
Feedlot processing and arrival cattle management
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
Humane slaughtering and efficient butchering will give you the best return on the cattle you process, and Adam Danforth's comprehensive manual guides you through every step.
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Beef today
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Indicators of milk and beef quality
How to raise cattle : everything you need to know
Effects of the EU-membership and agenda 2000 on Finnish cattle farms
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Beyond beef : the rise and fall of the cattle culture
Meat quality traits for Holstein-Friesian (HF), Norwegian Red × Holstein-Friesian (NR) and Jersey × Holstein-Friesian (JE) cattle reared to slaughter as two genders (bulls and steers) and 2 slaughter weights (570 kg and 640 kg) were compared. Adipose tissue from JE was more yellow (p<0.05) than HF or NR which were similar. There was no difference between breeds and no breed-related interactions for chemical composition, cook loss or instrumental tenderness of longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle (LT). When adjusted for differences in lipid concentration, LT from NR-sired animals tended to be less red (p=0.058) and LT from JE-sired animals had a lower hue (p<0.05). Substitution of NR or JE for HF sires in the dairy herd will not have important effects on LT characteristics in the production systems examined but the more yellow carcasses from JE-sired cattle may limit their suitability for markets with a carcass fat colour specification.
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
Beef production and management decisions
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
Summary: Through successive editions, Management and Welfare of Farm Animals has gained international recognition as a classic introductory textbook for students of agriculture and veterinary science. Conceived by the Universities Federation for Animal Welfare (UFAW), the book has always sought to promote the humane treatment of livestock within the practical business context of modern farming. Now fully revised and updated, this fifth edition remains the most comprehensive and accessible guide available. Three animal groups appear here for the first time (game birds, South American camelids, and ostriches), and a chapter on horses has also been restored. Throughout, the book offers clear advice for the humane management of all major farmed species in the primary context of large-scale food production. However, this edition also takes full account of consumer demand (and legal requirements) for alternative farming methods and enhanced welfare standards, whether in conventional agriculture or the smallest of 'hobby' farms. Brand new chapters reflect fresh understanding of welfare science, ethics, and the role of society in ensuring the best possible farm conditions. It remains an indispensable resource for students, and for all those seeking to promote animal welfare.
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Food safety and international competitiveness : the case of beef
Profitable beef production
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
Beef breeding, production and marketing
