http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9480 canopy (parts of plants)
canopy (parts of plants)
Functional-structural plant modelling in crop production
Principles of environmental physics
Unmanned aerial system imagery and photogrammetric canopy height data in area-based estimation of forest variables
Estimation of forest canopy cover : a comparison of field measurement techniques
Measuring the vertical albedo profile of a subarctic boreal forest canopy
Geometrically accurate time series of archived aerial images and airborne lidar data in a forest environment
A note on estimating canopy cover from digital cover and hemispherical photography
Studying forest canopies from above : the International Canopy Crane Network
Process-oriented investigation of snow accumulation, snowmetl and runoff generation in forested sites in Finland
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 26. 26
Effect of crown and canopy architecture on radiation interception and productivity in coniferous trees
Field measurements for forest carbon monitoring : a landscape-scale approach
On the use of tree stand parameters in estimating light conditions below the canopy
Crown structure, light interception and productivity of pinetrees and stands
Advanced remote sensing : terrestrial information extraction and applications
Conifer crown profile models from terrestrial laser scanning
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations / Alemu Gonsamo Gosa
Modelling evaporation from plant canopies
Effect of canopy structure on the diurnal interception of direct solar radiation and photosynthesis in a tree stand
Assessment of potential for remote sensing detection of bark beetle-infested areas during green attack : a literature review
Estimation of boreal forest canopy cover with ground measurements, statistical models and remote sensing
Terrestrial biosphere-atmosphere fluxes
Forest canopies : edited by Margaret D. Lowman, Nalini M. Nadkarni
The ecology of mixed-species stands of trees
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
Transpiration and water budgets of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) dominated stands in relation to canopy structure
In this paper we examine the feasibility of data from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-borne aerial imagery in stand-level forest inventory. As airborne sensor platforms, UAVs offer advantages cost and flexibility over traditional manned aircraft in forest remote sensing applications in small areas, but they lack range and endurance in larger areas. On the other hand, advances in the processing of digital stereo photography make it possible to produce three-dimensional (3D) forest canopy data on the basis of images acquired using simple lightweight digital camera sensors. In this study, an aerial image orthomosaic and 3D photogrammetric canopy height data were derived from the images acquired by a UAV-borne camera sensor. Laser-based digital terrain model was applied for estimating ground elevation. Features extracted from orthoimages and 3D canopy height data were used to estimate forest variables of sample plots. K-nearest neighbor method was used in the estimation, and a genetic algorithm was applied for selecting an appropriate set of features for the estimation task. Among the selected features, 3D canopy features were given the greatest weight in the estimation supplemented by textural image features. Spectral aerial photograph features were given very low weight in the selected feature set. The accuracy of the forest estimates based on a combination of photogrammetric 3D data and orthoimagery from UAV-borne aerial imaging was at a similar level to those based on airborne laser scanning data and aerial imagery acquired using purpose-built aerial camera from the same study area..
Methods in forest canopy research
A new approach for measuring light inside the canopy in photosynthesis studies
Fast and accurate estimates of canopy cover are central for a wide range of forestry studies. As direct measurements are impractical, indirect optical methods have often been used in forestry to estimate canopy cover. In this paper the accuracy of canopy cover estimates from two widely used canopy photographic methods, hemispherical photography (DHP) and cover photography (DCP) was evaluated. Canopy cover was approximated in DHP as the complement of gap fraction data at narrow viewing zenith angle range (0°-15°), which was comparable with that of DCP. The methodology was tested using artificial images with known canopy cover; this allowed exploring the influence of actual canopy cover and mean gap size on canopy cover estimation from photography. DCP provided robust estimates of canopy cover, whose accuracy was not influenced by variation in actual canopy cover and mean gap size, based on comparison with artificial images; by contrast, the accuracy of cover estimates from DHP was influenced by both actual canopy cover and mean gap size, because of the lower ability of DHP to detect small gaps within crown. The results were replicated in both DHP and DCP images collected in real forest canopies. Finally, the influence of canopy cover on foliage clumping index and leaf area index was evaluated using a theoretical gap fraction model. The main findings indicate that DCP can overcome the limits of indirect techniques for obtaining unbiased and precise estimates of canopy cover, which are comparable to those obtainable from direct, more labour-intensive techniques, being therefore highly suitable for routine monitoring and inventory purposes.
Proceedings of the IXth International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstock and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems. Vol. 2 : Geneva, New York, USA, August 4-8, 2008
Trace gas exchange in forest ecosystems
Treetops at risk : challenges of global canopy ecology and conservation
Estimating canopy cover in Scots pine stands
Forest monitoring : methods for terrestrial investigations in Europe with an overview of North America and Asia
Boreal forest albedo and its spatial and temporal variation
"This book on Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is needed because there is currently no single graduate level text with sufficient breadth across the hydrological and meteorological sciences that provides understanding with sufficient depth and detail in both disciples for use (a) in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology; (b) in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of surface hydrology; and (c) to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology".
Seasonal dry deposition and canopy leaching of base cations in a subtropical evergreen mixed forest, China
A source-orientated approach for estimating daytime concentrations of biogenic volatile organic compounds in an upper layer of a boreal forest canopy
Canopy stratification in peatland forests in Finland
Nutrient removal from Scots pine canopy on drained peatland by rain
Spatial structure of alpine trees in Mountain Baima Xueshan on the southeast Tibetan Plateau
Hydraulic and environmental limitations to leaf water relations in trees with respect to canopy position
Beech forests
Resource management information systems : remote sensing, GIS and modelling
Estimation of leaf area index and the fraction of absorbed photosynthetically active radiation in a boreal forest
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstock and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Stellenbosch, South Africa, December 3-6, 2012
Geospatial techniques for managing environmental resources
Terrestrial hydrometeorology
Physiology of trees
Variations in forest water fluxes at local scale : effects of stand properties and weather
Canopy arthropods
Abstract.
Local models for forest canopy cover with beta regression
Canopy structure and light climate in a young Scots pine stand
"Both hydrologists and meteorologists need to speak a common scientific language, and this has given rise to the new scientific discipline of hydrometeorology, which deals with the transfer of water and energy across the land/atmosphere interface.Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is the first graduate-level text with sufficient breadth and depth to be used in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology, and in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of hydrology, and to serve as an introductory text to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology.The book will be essential reading for graduate students studying surface water hydrology, meteorology, and hydrometeorology. It can also be used in advanced undergraduate courses, and will be welcomed by academic and professional hydrologists and meteorologists worldwide".
Photon-vegetation interactions : applications in optical remote sensing and plant ecology
Regional crown profile models were derived for three conifer species of the interior northwestern USA from terrestrial laser scans of eighty-six trees across a range of sizes and growing conditions. Equations were developed to predict crown shape from crown length for Pseudotsuga menziesii, Pinus ponderosa, and Abies lasiocarpa from parametric curves applied to crown-length normalized laser point clouds. The 95th width percentile adequately described each crown's outer limit; alternate width percentiles produced little profile shape variation. For P. menziesii and P. ponderosa, a scaling parameter-modified beta curve gave the most accurate fit (using cross-validated Mean Absolute Error) to aggregated 95th width percentile points. For A. lasiocarpa, beta and Weibull curves (equivalently modified) produced similar results. For all species, modified beta and Weibull curves fit crown points with less error than conic or cylindrical profiles. Crown profile curves were species-specific; interchanging among species increased error significantly. Laser-derived crown base metrics provided objectivity and consistency, but underestimated field-derived base heights through inclusion of dead branches. Profile curve parameters were not correlated with tree or stand characteristics suggesting that crown shape is not strongly conditioned by size and site factors. However, laser sampling necessarily favored more open growing conditions, potentially under-representing variations in crown shape associated with social position. Overall, Terrrestrial Laser Scanning (TLS) lends itself to detailed measurements of external crown architecture with occlusion-imposed limits to characterization of internal features. Yet, the time and cost of collecting and processing individual tree data precludes use of TLS as a common field sampling tool.
Review and integration of biosphere-atmosphere modelling of reactive trace gases and volatile aerosols
Microclimate studies in uniform shelterwood systems in the Sub-Boreal Spruce zone of central British Columbia
Forest health and protection
Post-harvest height growth of Norway spruce seedlings in northern Finland peatland forest canopy gaps and comparison to partial and complete canopy removals and plantations
Forest canopies
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Plant disturbance ecology : the process and the response
Advances in bioclimatology. Vol. 1
Effects of clearcut edges on trees in the sub-boreal spruce zone of northwest-central British Columbia
Plant canopies: their growth, form and function
Photosynthetic radiation regime and canopy structure in modeled forest stands
Influence of forest composition on understory cover in boreal mixedwood forests of western Quebec
Seasonal changes in canopy leaf area index and MODIS vegetation products for a boreal forest site in central Finland
Ecological climatology : concepts and applications
Deposition on forest soils - effect of tree canopy on throughfall
Forestry applications of airborne laser scanning : concepts and case studies
Post-fire development of canopy structure and composition in black spruce forests of Abitibi, Québec : a landscape scale study
Epiphytes influence the transformation of nitrogen in coniferous forest canopies
