http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9487 real property agency
real property agency real estate agency
Renovating for profit : add value to your property with this definitive guide
Competition, growth strategies and the globalization of services : real estate advisory services in Japan, Europe and the United States
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future
The thesis was carried out at North Karelia University of Applied Sciences in 2008 and 2009. The focus of the paper is on the real estate in Finland bought by Russians for recreational use. The topic is extremely relevant, as Finland has become a popular holiday destination people from North-West Russia. The aim was to better understand the needs and preferences of Russian consumers buying property in Finland. The whole thesis culminates in the question of how to be able to serve these customers better.The study was qualitative by nature. In the beginning secondary information such as newspaper articles helped to create the foundation for the survey. For primary data six interviews were carried out. Two experts in the real estate field were interviewed in order to get a wide view on the topic. Four interviews of Russian people with a holiday home in Finland helped to deepen the understanding. The most important findings of the thesis were that the buying process of the Russian customers should be facilitated by the real estate agent or constructor as much as possible. This can be done by offering a complete set of services. This set of services includes brochures in Russia, house models, interior design, housing management, assistance in financing and after sales actions.
Stakeholder relationship development plan
Consumers decision-making in choosing a realtor
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
Russian consumers in the Finnish real estate markets: The buying process and product concept
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future.
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Creating brand awareness and measuring brand image : case: RE/MAX Kotiporras
Selling Paris : property and commercial culture in the fin-de-siècle capital
The most appropriate information channels for customers of a real estate broker agency
Cheshire and Burn's modern law of real property
Communication channels in the real estate business
Confessions of a subprime lender : an insider's tale of greed, fraud, and ignorance
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : Strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
Housing intermediary services in China : the rise and fall of 'fang wu yin hang'
Price is right for an island paradise : real estate agent Farhad Vladi sells private islands to the mega-rich
The real estate investor's handbook : the complete guide for the individual investor
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
Emotionalizing communication policy in the real estate industry
Consumer Behaviour : Case Kuopion Huoneistovälitys Oy LKV
Purchasing Property in Thailand
Market analysis of Spanish real estate market in Costa Blanca area
Roadmap for ICT-based opportunities in the development of the built environment
Abstract: Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future. The purpose of this thesis was to examine a Finnish/Spanish real estate agency Valkea Marina's marketing communications. The research was designed to identify the type of marketing communications Valkea Marina utilises, to discover whether those marketing communications strategies have been profitable, and to analyse ways Valkea Marina can improve its marketing communications in order to increase profits. The research was conducted in two dimensions: secondary research and primary research. The former included research of a large variety of marketing communications literature concerning theories about buyer behaviour, marketing communications planning, and different marketing communications tools such as personal selling, public relations and direct marketing. The latter included designing a survey for Valkea Marina's clients and interviewing the owner of the company in order to compare the results together and to find out areas of improvement. This study revealed that Valkea Marina has been using mostly personal selling, direct marketing and public relations as its marketing communications and it has been able to reach clients. However, this study found out that Valkea Marina's marketing communications lacked consistency and their website did not offer enough information for their customers. The company was advised to create a marketing communications plan, which would enhance their marketing communications by providing thorough and uniform guidelines for the personnel.
Adding value to your home
Brand identity and image : case Kiinteistömaailma
Life, liberty and the pursuit of sausages : a comedy of transdimensional tomfoolery
