http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9484 orthography
orthography
The Book of spelling rules : a wise guide through the tricky and complex labyrint of English spelling
Guide d'orthographe
Spelling : approaches to teaching and assessment
Remembering the Kanji. 2, A systematic guide to reading Japanese characters
Spell it out : the curious, enthralling and extraordinary story of English spelling
Good grammar for students
Exonyms and the international standardisation of geographical names : approaches towards the resolution of an apparent contradiction
Of the orthographie and congruite of the Britan tongue : a treates, noe shorter then necessarie, for the schools
Orthographies in Early Modern Europe
Digital solutions for multilingual learning environments : the case of GraphoGameTM adaptations in Kenya
Chambers effective English : a guide to good writing
Mind the stop : a brief guide to punctuation with a note on proof-correction
English spelling rules : A qualitative content analysis of books and Internet sites
English spelling
The English primrose (1644)
The American way of spelling : the structure and origins of American English orthography
Finnish summary.
Oxford A-Z of better spelling
Eats, shoots & leaves : the zero tolerance approach to punctuation
Linguistic authority, language ideology, and metaphor : the Czech orthography wars
Seeing writing
Errors of many kinds abound in Akkadian writings, but this fact's far-reaching implications have never been unraveled and systematized. To attempt this is the aim of this book. Drawing on scholarship from other fields, it outlines a framework for the critical evaluation of extant text and the formulation of conjectural emendations. Along the way, it explores issues at the interface of orthography, textual transmission, scribal education, grammar, literacy, and literary interpretation.--Cover
Oxford A-Z for better spelling
Writing Quechua : the case for a Hispanic orthography
Does dynamic learning predict reading skills?
Constraints on error variables in grammar : bilingual misspelling orthographies
Spelling errors in the English compositions of Finnish students : comparison between comprehensive school 9th grades and upper secondary school last courses, including teacher attitudes towards spelling
Chambers Punctuation guide
Effective Technical Communication is designed to serve as a practical guide and useful resource for scientists, engineers, and researchers. It addresses the need of practitioners engaged in the exchange of techincal information to effectively share their ideas with, and make impact on, their peers. The book provides guidelines, technical conventions, and graphical and visual aids for communicating effectively. It discusses the use of scientific vocabulary and various forma of writing, starting from simple forms such as paragraph and précis writing to more advanced forms such as technical reports and papers. Written in an easy-to-understand style, the thext is supported with numerous illustrative examples. The correct use of language, the dos and don'ts of communication, and speech and presentation techniques that can make an impact have also been discussed in detail.
Writing : grammar, usage, and style
Spelling, handwriting and dyslexia : overcoming the barriers to learning
Learning English! : a material package for dyslexic 7th graders in English as a foreign language classrooms
Accomodating brocolli in the cemetary, or, Why can't anybody spell?
Effective technical communication : guide for scientists and engineers
Easy learning writing
Oxford spelling dictionary
Chinese romanization : pronunciation and orthography
Studies in Baltic and Indo-European linguistics : in honor of William R. Schmalstieg
Collins easy learning complete English
Teaching spelling to English language learners
A straightforward guide to writing good plain English : improve your written English
Two non-tetragraphic northern Sinitic languages : a. Implications of the Soviet Dungan script for Chinese language reform, b. Who were the Gyámi?
Defined orthography of Gambian Wolof
Orthographic learning in monolingual and bilingual adults
The Oxford quick reference spelling dictionary
English spelling and the computer
Oxford A-Z of spelling
Errors and expectations : a guide for the teacher of basic writing
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
Do we take the subway or the underground? : the usage of American English among senior high students
Ortography, reading, and dyslexia
Punctuation
My first dictionary
Pause and effect : an introduction to the history of punctuation in the West
A handbook for writers of English : punctuation, common practice and usage
Collins improve your punctuation
A guide to better punctuation
Cassell's new spelling dictionary
The Oxford spelling dictionary
Writing and ancient Near Eastern society : papers in honour of Alan R. Millard
Literacy Skill Development of Children With Familial Risk for Dyslexia Through Grades 2, 3, and 8
Reading diagnosis and improvement : assessment and instruction
Sargonic Akkadian : a historical and comparative study of the syllabic texts
Learning to write effectively : current trends in European research
The tutor to true English, 1687.
Learning to spell : research, theory, and practice across languages
A sociolinguistic approach to the diffusion of Chancery written practices in late fifteenth century private correspondence
The Penguin spelling dictionary
The least you should know about English : writing skills : form A
A straightforward guide to writing business and personal letters
A survey of English spelling
Merriam-Webster's pocket guide to punctuation
Barrington Stoke school spelling dictionary
The new American guide to punctuation
The queen's English and how to use it
The spelling patterns of English
Chambers common errors in written English
Cassell spelling dictionary
Cassell's spelling dictionary
Spelling skills : acquisition, abilities, and reading connection
Standard languages : spoken and written
English for journalists
Collins easy learning English spelling
Merriam-Webster's guide to punctuation and style
Ortographic errors in Finnish seventh graders' English texts : gender and proficiency levels in L2
Orthography, phonology, morphology, and meaning
English orthography : 1668
A dictionary of spelling : British and American
Errors in foreign language learning : a comparative study of Finnish and immigrant students' errors in composition writing
Let's eat, grandma! : a life-saving guide to grammar and punctuation
Titles and forms of address : a guide to their correct use
Confusion 'wrs' confounded
Collins complete writing guide
Perception and production of grapheme < th > by Finnish pupils from grade 7 to grade 9
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
How to manage spelling successfully
Writing with a purpose
Empfehlungen und Hinweise für die Schreibweise geographischer Namen : für Herausgeber von Landkarten und anderen Veröffentlichungen Bundesrepublik Deutschland = Toponymic Guidelines for map and other editors Federal Republic of Germany
The petie schole : 1587
Collins Webster's easy learning English spelling
Spellbound : the improbable story of English spelling
Chambers adult learners' guide to spelling : improve your spelling
Spell it out : the singular story of English spelling
The creative writer's style guide : rules and advice for writing fiction and creative nonfiction
The first part of the elementary, 1582
On Church Slavonic accentuation : the accentuation of a Russian Church Slavonic Gospel manuscript from the fifteenth century
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
Breton orthographies and dialects : the twentieth-century orthography war in Brittany. Vol. 2
Breton orthographies and dialects : the twentieth-century orthography war in Brittany. Vol. 1
Oxford A-Z of grammar and punctuation
College writing skills with readings
A pocket style manual
Grammar in plain English
Electronic workshop: typography
Phonological difficulties and the possible influence of ortographic depth on reading and writing difficulties in (E)FL
The A to Z of correct English
Punctuation in the Middle English prose legend of St. Faith in MS Southwell Minster 7.
F in spelling : the funniest test paper blunders
Webster's medical speller
A writer's reference
Principles of Akkadian textual criticism
Guardian style
The Plain English Guide
Illustrated English spelling dictionary
The history of English spelling
Improving your spelling : boost your word power and your confidence
Business communication : building critical skills
Dorland's medical speller
American English influence on the spelling and syntax of Australian English : a corpus-based study
Writing at work : professional writing skills for people on the job
The use of punctuation in the English Inter Relay Chat channels on the Internet
Collins COBUILD English guides. 8, Spelling
Normae orthographicae et orthotyphicae latinae
Orthographical variation in the Middle English lyrics of BL Cotton Caligula A.ix
Communication for the workplace : an integrated language approach
The new spelling system for Bahasa Malaysia
Excelling at spelling
Simply English : an A-Z of avoidable errors
Text messaging and literacy - the evidence
"It's you're, not your" : exploring misspelled words in computer-mediated communication
Troublesome words
The development of written Estonian
Understanding English spelling
A style and usage guide to writing about music
Spelling dictionary
Designing Orthography for the Ha Language.
