http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9486 school environment
school environment
Primary prevention and promotion in the schools
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Whose school is it? : women, children, memory, and practice in the city
Social problem solving : interventions in the schools
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Dimensions of literacy : a conceptual base for teaching reading and writing in school settings
The influence of differences between schools on student achievement : a selected literature review = Koulujen eroavuuksien vaikutus oppilaiden saavutuksiin : selektiivinen kirjallisuuskatsaus
Study of classrooms interactions and pupils' reading behavior
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Old school : a novel
Do you know what you look like? : interpersonal relationships in education
Integrating environmental education in primary school education in Tanzania : teachers' perceptions and teaching practices
The unforgotten coat
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Students' physical activity, physical education enjoyment, and motivational determinants through a three-year school-initiated program
Greening school grounds : creating habitats for learning
The Cambridge handbook of environment in human development
De-facing power
Creating a learning environment that supports multiculturalism : case: Dynamo Campus
Science centre education : motivation and learning in informal education
Service-dominant logic in the spatial design of a school : spatial concept for school as a service project in Espoo
Future school : designing with children
The happiest days? : how pupils cope with school
Children's view of their school and an ideal school in China and Finland : a cross cultural case study
Abstract.
Learning from teacher research
Educational leadership and school culture
Educational dimensions of school buildings
The challenge to care in schools : an alternative approach to education
Ready to use social skills lessons & activities for grades 7-12
The ecology of the school
Assertive discipline follow-up guidebook
Predictors of moral reasoning
Teaching without stress
Citizenship, difference and marginality in schools : spatial and embodied aspects of gender construction
School violence and primary prevention
Landscapes for learning : creating outdoor environments for children and youth
Culture re-boot : reinvigorating school culture to improve student outcomes
Ready to use social skills lessons & activities for grades 4-6
Asphalt to ecosystems : design ideas for schoolyard transformation
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
The education revolution : how to apply brain science to improve instruction and school climate
Fast girls : teenage tribes and the myth of the slut
'School is like an ant's nest' : spatiality and embodiment in schools
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
A practical guide to solving preschool behavior problems
Learning environment of Exertus control systems
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Respect and disrespect : social practices in a Norwegian multicultural school
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Inside the secondary classroom
Science in the early years : building firm foundations from birth to five
Giving up on school : student dropouts and teacher burnouts
Humor in the classroom
Creating schools that heal : real-life solutions
School stress and anxiety : Theory, research, and intervention
Ready to use social skills lessons & activities for grades 1-3
Prep school children : a class apart over two centuries
Improving social learnings in the elementary school
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Lee Canter's assertive discipline : positive behavior management for today's classroom
Senior high school of space in China : a study of spatial utilisation in examination oriented Chinese senior high schools
Bitter milk : women and teaching
Education in the rural American community : a lifelong process
Young friends : schools and friendship
How to create the school of the future : revolutionary thinking and design from Finland
Analysing loneliness and solitude in schools and exploring how to deal with them is a vital task. In recent research for the author's Spirit of the School project, a number of pupils, teachers and headteachers described times when they felt lonely and times when they felt the need for healthy solitude. The causes of loneliness are numerous and its consequences have a significant unrecognised impact on education. How do schools deal with people when they are lonely, and how can they overcome loneliness? How can they create opportunities for healthy solitude, a welcome alternative to loneliness? Schools can sometimes try to include people by being intensely social, but end up making them feel even more excluded. A school that teaches solitude well and helps individuals deal with loneliness can be called an 'enstatic' school: a school in which people are comfortable within themselves. The objective of this book - the first comprehensive study of the subject - is to help us all understand loneliness and solitude and thereby to reinvigorate debates on personal, character and values education.
The school I'd like : children and young people's reflections on an education for the future
Developing a learning classroom : moving beyond management through relationships, relevance, and rigor
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
The purpose of this thesis is to offer up to date information on the international students’ knowledge and attitude towards sustainable development in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. This thesis was commissioned by the Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sustainable Development Team. Similar study was conducted with the Finnish students in 2011. The research task was done in two parts. First the survey questions were translated to English and a few questions were added to gather more background information on the respondents. The primary research included data collection with an online survey, analysis and summary. The online survey was sent to all the students in English speaking degree programmes. The main conclusions from the survey were that the international students had good basic knowledge in sustainable development. Overall the students’ attitudes towards sustainable development were positive. Students felt that sustainable development issues are handled well in the schools everyday operations and that sustainable development teaching should be more practical.
The shaping school culture fieldbook
Does the psychosocial school environment matter for health? : a study of pupils in Swedish compulsory school from a gender perspective
Teachers at work : achieving success in our schools
School-based audiology
Academic motivation and the culture of school in childhood and adolescence
"Exercise Was Just a Way Modifying My Body." : Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Quantitative Study
Child neuropsychology : concepts, theory, and practice
The role of environment in language learning
Taking action with teacher research
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
How HAMK could integrate its international students
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Creativity across the primary curriculum : framing and developing practice
The role of adolescents' peer groups in the school context
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
School furniture
The school of the future : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Teaching effective classroom routines : classroom coaches
How schools work
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Teaching effective classroom routines
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Towards social well-being in schools : an implementation study of Involvement Education
Children's voices : studies of interethnic conflict and violence in European schools
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Redefining multicultural education : inclusion and the right to be different
Discipline for today's children and youth
Effective learning in classrooms
The discipline book : a complete guide to school and classrom management
Articulation of pre-school with primary school in Hungary : an alternative entry model
Live-roleplay as a tool   using real world operation cultures as tools for learning
The nurture effect : how the science of human behavior can improve our lives & our world
Opening doors : an introduction to inclusive early childhood education
"This book takes a new angle on a much-studied phenomenon, focusing on the role of domination and identity construction, understanding and self-knowledge, moral transformation and the social community, systems of training and hierarchy used by schooling, and the role they play in bullying. Exploring typical narratives of value within schooling (i.e., who counts and who doesn't?), the volume shows how bullying might make sense to a student as a pathway of identity construction within such stories (discourses and practices taken up by schools). It suggests how we can "tell a new story" and create a new culture which might undermine, or close off, the allure of bullying as a "need-meeting" avenue for students within schools"--
Mantra's English-Farsi words for school
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Creating sustainable environments in our schools
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Educational videos on sustainable development
The art of being normal
Your adolescent at home and in school
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Rethinking school bullying : dominance, identity and school culture
Understanding children : an interview and observation guide for educators
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
Open schools/healthy schools : measuring organizational climate
School building and educational change
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Teaching the disorderly pupil in elementary and secondary school
Murder of a secondary school teacher : a study of the reactions and consequenses among teachers and classmates involved
Freaked out
Emotion in the classroom : a study of children's experience
Talking with children
In the classroom, student diversity opens up space for learning
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Remembering school : mapping continuities in power, subjectivity & emotion in stories of school life
Early school leavers in Australia : family, school and personal determinants of the decision of 16-year-old Australians to remain at school or to leave
The result of this thesis produces visual materials in this aspect to guide students and staff members on how to act eco-friendly. On the technical side, it contributes theoretical concepts and practical examples on shooting a short movie from pre-production to post-production. To complete this paper, knowledge on environment conservation and video making techniques are developed. The information is gathered from the section of sustainable development from OUAS’ website and intranet. On video-making techniques, books and practical experiences through implementation are the main resources. The process of making short movies is carried out from March until the end of May 2014, with the use of movie editing software such as Adobe Premier Pro and Adobe After Effects. Cameras and necessary equipment are supported by OUAS laboratory. Edited parts have been temporarily stored in OUAS’ hard drive until the full movies are completed. After the movies are done, a link will be added to OUAS intranet, section of sustainable development, so that everybody can access them easily. Also, they are available from the author’s Youtube channel. The final videos are not only used in Green Thinking course, but in other classes as well, for example in Video lectures.
Becoming somebody : toward a social psychology of school
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Constructing an opportunity centred collaborative learning model through and for entrepreneurship
If classrooms matter : progressive visions of educational environments
Loneliness and solitude in education : how to value individuality and create an enstatic school
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Modern fiction about schoolteaching : an anthology
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Social relations in a secondary school
"Can I stay in today Miss?" : improving the school playground : ideas and issues developed from work with Islington schools
Assurer la sécurité du milieu éducatif = Providing a secure environment for learning
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in Barents region : 28-29th of September 2006, Arktikum, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstract book
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Advances in research on teaching. Vol. 4, Case studies of teaching and learning in social studies
Systemic violence : how schools hurt children
Attitudes towards sustainable development
Researching school experience : ethnographic studies of teaching and learning
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Assessment of practices in early elementary classrooms : (APEEC)
Designing productive learning environments
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
School climate : measuring, improving and sustaining healthy learning environments
Educational environments : evaluation, antecedents and conseqences
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
Effective schools for disaffected students : intergration and segregation
The SAGE handbook of child development, multiculturalism, and media
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Because we can change the world : a practical guide to building cooperative, inclusive classroom communities
Life in school : the sociology of pupil culture
Classroom communication and instructional processes : advances through meta-analysis
Misconduct
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Former tennis player Easton Bradbury is trying to be the best teacher she can be, trying to reach her bored students, trying to forget her past. What brought her to this stage in her life isn't important. She can't let it be. But now one parent-teacher meeting may be her undoing. Meeting Tyler Marek for the first time makes it easy for Easton to see why his son is having trouble in school. The man knows how to manage businesses and wealth, not a living, breathing teenage boy. Or a young teacher, for that matter, though he tries to. And yet there is something about him that draws Easton in a hint of vulnerability, a flash of attraction, a spark that might burn. Wanting him is taboo. Needing him is undeniable. And his long-awaited touch will weaken Easton's resolve and reveal what should stay hidden.
The school leader's guide to learner-centered education : from complexity to simplicity
Silences & images : the social history of the classroom
Children of intercountry adoptions in school : a primer for parents and professionals
