http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9489 intermediation
intermediation
Mobile communication and society : a global perspective : a project of the Annenberg Research Network on international communication
Wine marketing : a practical guide
Software patterns, organizational learning and software process improvement
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future.
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Adopting agent technology in information sharing and networking
Purchasing Property in Thailand
Payments remain fundamental for banks and central banks
Mediated memories in the digital age
Analysis of near-optimal relaying schemes for wireless tandem and multicast relay networks
Making the most of supplier relationships in professional services : co-operation of intra- and inter-firm translation service providers
Is artist management a feasible business in the Finnish music market?
Selecting suppliers and importing textiles/fabrics from Indonesia : a study of Unica Fashion Oy Tampere-Finland
Making the news
Bridging the digital divide in developing countries : The role of mobile technology in bridging the digital divide
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Characterization of signaling mechanisms regulating cardiac contractility
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Characterization of signalling pathways in cardiac hypertrophic response
News reporting and writing
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Global networks of mediation : prospects and avenues for Finland as a peacemaker
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Market analysis of Spanish real estate market in Costa Blanca area
Global intellectual capital brokering : facilitating the emergence of innovations through network mediation
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
Contra-flow in global news : international and regional news exchange mechanisms
Strategies of power in multilingual global broadcasters : how the BBC, CNN and Aljazeera shape their Middle East news discourse
Double agents : cultural and political brokerage in early modern Europe
Tacit knowledge, transactional learning and contractual arrangement : a transactional analysis of knowledge acquisition in international technology transfer in China
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
Crisis in international news : policies and prospects
International knowldege transfers from Finland to Estonia
Knowledge sharing behaviour in cross-border interpersonal relationships
The Aceh case : an example of decommissioning and reintegration
The role of import intermediary companies in the Russian imports from the EU : a case study of a Russian industrial company's point of view on import intermediaries
Translators, interpreters, mediators : women writers 1700-1900
Chameleons, unruly horses, golden eagles, and sea dragons : The menagerie of public policy exceptions to recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards in the United States and Europe
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
Knowledge management in Open Source
Trust creation and communication in Sino-Finnish business relationships
Intermediaries are in the middle of every single act of online communication. The term "intermediary" does not refer to homogeneous group of service providers. In fact, it is used to describe entities who provide services necessary for an act of electronic communication to be successful including telecommunication service providers, online connectivity providers and entities providing their services by electronic means. Although, the e-commerce directive refers only to specific categories of intermediaries, such as providers of the following services: mere conduit, caching or hosting, the more our lives depend on technology, the more significant the role of every single intermediary becomes. The seriousness is particularly visible in relation to injunctive orders following a decision on the merits of the case (also referred to as 'permanent injunctions') such as website blocking orders the aim of which is to prevent future online infringements. As protective measures, the injunctions are subject to the proportionality evaluation and cannot lead to the effect that would be contrary to the provisions of the article 15 of the E-commerce Directive. The paper discusses the phenomenon of website blocking orders against intermediaries, including orders against the so-called 'innocent providers', and the boundaries of the orders. This particular type of an injunction serves as a trigger point for the analysis of the injunctions paradigm and engagement in a debate concerning rights of the users. The injunctions are currently holding a prominent position in the EU legal system as a consequence of the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights in Delfi vs. Estonian case. Thus the author of this paper concentrates on the analysis of the abovementioned decisions and their implications for the sphere of users' rights (such as freedom of expression) and the freedom of business activity.
DCM365 Development for Power Plant Projects : Improving the Commissioning Processes
Abstract: Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future. The purpose of this thesis was to examine a Finnish/Spanish real estate agency Valkea Marina's marketing communications. The research was designed to identify the type of marketing communications Valkea Marina utilises, to discover whether those marketing communications strategies have been profitable, and to analyse ways Valkea Marina can improve its marketing communications in order to increase profits. The research was conducted in two dimensions: secondary research and primary research. The former included research of a large variety of marketing communications literature concerning theories about buyer behaviour, marketing communications planning, and different marketing communications tools such as personal selling, public relations and direct marketing. The latter included designing a survey for Valkea Marina's clients and interviewing the owner of the company in order to compare the results together and to find out areas of improvement. This study revealed that Valkea Marina has been using mostly personal selling, direct marketing and public relations as its marketing communications and it has been able to reach clients. However, this study found out that Valkea Marina's marketing communications lacked consistency and their website did not offer enough information for their customers. The company was advised to create a marketing communications plan, which would enhance their marketing communications by providing thorough and uniform guidelines for the personnel.
The impact of human resource management practices on knowledge sharing : the case of Poro Bank
The role of motivation and national culture in knowledge sharing within multi-national companies : case study MTN Cameroon
Internet intermediaries’ liability for trademark infringement on the Internet
Comparative analysis of knowledge transfer barriers from headquarters to foreign subsidiaries in a MNC
Implied volatility response to scheduled U.S. macroeconomic news announcements : banking sector approach on Eurex options market
Also they have a meaning
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future
Prospects for peace dialogue in Afghanistan : interview repost from Northern Afghanistan
Why isn't there more financial intermediation in developing countries?
Third language interpreting : Efsli 2008 conference proceedings, Voorschoten, the Netherlands, September 13th - September 14th 2008
The scope and implications of a tracing mechanism for small arms and light weapons
Intermediaries caught between a rock and a hard place - the case of website blocking and no general obligation to excersise control over the usergenerated content
Challenge in Content Acquisition for Project Plan : Case Future Learning Lapland
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
The manufacture of news : social problems, deviance and the mass media
Evolution of retail payments in Finland in the 1990s
Breaking news : mastering the art of disruptive innovation in journalism
The core of the sun
The dimensions of internal communication and the engagement of the employees in the decision making process in the Albanian education sector
Employment agencies, all over the world
Essentials of supply chain management
Calf rearing : a practical guide
Crowdfunding in the banking industry : adjusting to a digital era
Characteristics and challenges of forest sector communication in the EU
Strengthening the EU's peace mediation capacities : leveraging for peace through new ideas and thinking
Romance on a global stage : pen pals, virtual ethnography, and "mail-order" marriages
Framework for analysing and developing information integration [Elektroninen aineisto]  : a study on steel industry maintenance service supply chain
Life, liberty and the pursuit of sausages : a comedy of transdimensional tomfoolery
Re-engineering payment systems for the e-world
Conventional arms transfers to developing nations, 1994-2001
Psychological Contract and Organizational Communication between University Middle Managers
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
The knowing work practice as situational creation of meaning : a study to facilitate the communication of knowledge
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
It takes two
Homophily and interpersonal ties as facilitators of knowledge sharing
Recruitment agencies in Brussels : case study: Sidus Executive Search
The influence of host charasteristics on cross-border knowledge transfer to Russia
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
'The internet is weird' : folkloristics in the digital age
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
Understanding communication theory : a beginner's guide
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : Strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
Multimodality, learning and communication : a social semiotic frame
Communicating science. Reader 1, Professional contexts
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Customer communication in distributed agile software development
The future of fact
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Stakeholder relationship development plan
The liability of internet intermediaries
Ticket masters : the rise of the concert industry and how the public got scalped
Specific roles of epithelial integrins in chemical and physical sensing of the extracellular matrix to regulate cell shape and polarity
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
Shaping urban infrastructures : intermediaries and the governance of socio-technical networks
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
MobileMe for small business  : portable genius
Website Design for Abja Rural Tourism Destination
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
The importance of the free flow of information and knowledge
Birthright
