http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9494 wells
wells
The last secret of the temple
Mining impacts on agricultural lands and food security : case study of towns in and around Kyebi in the Eastern Region of Ghana
Mine Your Own Business : Improving English Language Skills for Mining Engineering Education at Lapland UAS
Underground mining methods : engineering fundamentals and international case studies
The mines of the Grängesberg group : guide for visitors
Ecotoxicity and pollutant concentrations of wastewater from mineral processing
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Environmental impacts of iron-ore mine Hannukainen based on the officials' perspective
Open pit mine planning & design. 2, CSMine software package
Tecknological measurements in the mining industry in relation to environmentally friendly mining
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
Black sheep
Introductory mining engineering
Promising patterns : a new approach to the mineral potential of Southern Namibia
Trout Stanley : a play
Sound mining in the North : a guide to environmental regulation and best practices supporting social sustainability
Selbstgefertigt - für den Eigenbedarf oder als Geschenk = Do-it-yourself carpentry for home and garden
The activities of transnational corporations in the industrial, mining and military sectors of Southern Africa
Practical manual of groundwater microbiology
The socio-economic impact of transnational corporation on mining community and artisanal small-scale miners : a case study of Mererani Tanzania
The boy who stole Attila's horse
The Utilization of Leftover Sones from Mines and Quarries in North Savo region
The miners
The behaviour of rock under impulse loads : a study using the Hopkinson split bar method
A geological and topographical sketch map of the New York and Westmoreland Gas Coal Company's lands, at Manor Sta., Westm'd Co., Pa
Down don't bother me
Sewers : replacement and new construction
Water features for small gardens
Study about mining industry in Namibia with special emphasis on small scale mining
Water fountains in the worldscape
Cyber-physical systems as a platform for value co-creation : case: intelligent equipment in mining and construction industry
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
Mining, development and environment in Central Asia : toolkit companion with case studies
The 33
Mining, development and environment in Central Asia : a cartoon summary of the toolkit companion
Fountains of Rome
Water Supply Plan : Evaluation and Optimization of the Water Supply System in Kolt-Hasselager
An exceptionally dry period occurred during the years 2002-2003 in Finland. Many farms had only their own well as a water supply. At some farms the wells became dry, leading to problems in water management. The aim of this study was to survey the utilisation of drinking water and shed washing water for farm animals in Finland. In addition, measures taken for water saving during the dry periods were examined. A mail-back questionnaire was sent to livestock farmers in southern, western and eastern Finland during the spring of 2004. The number of questionnaires sent out was 431, of which 92 were returned. The total response rate was 21%, being highest in southern Finland and lowest in the east. In dairy farms the consumption of drinking water varied between 1,000 and 10,000 l day-1, whereas in pig farms it varied between 2,000 and 8,000 l day-1. In broiler farms drinking water consumption varied between 8,000 and 20,000 l day-1 for 45,000-60,000 birds. The water sources of the farms were generally private wells or municipal water. Several farms had experienced problems with water sufficiency particularly during dry seasons in 2002-2003. Of those farms which had water sufficiency problems, 44% had only their own well as water supply and 56% had their own well and were also connected to the municipal water system. These farms had also experienced water sufficiency problems before the year 2002. The farms which had suffered from the dry period were located in southern Finland. Because of similar earlier problems some farms had been connected to a municipal water supply system, thus avoiding the problem during the years 2002 and 2003. The quality of water was asked in the questionnaire and no chemical quality analyses were carried out. The quality of water was poor in eight dug wells and in all the twelve examined bedrock drilled wells. The polluted wells were generally near to fields where spreading of manure had been practised. Many of the farmers were interested in water saving measures. Some of them were recycling the washing water of milking pipes and most of the others were considering this measure. In summary, a considerable amount of information considering the water sources, use, quality and problems in farms was obtained using the
The white death : silicosis on the Witwatersrand gold mines 1886-1901
Techniques in underground mining : selections from underground mining methods handbook
[sup 238]U-series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
Old Reliable : an illustrated history of the Quincy Mining Company
Physico-chemical forms of natural radionuclides in drilled well waters and their removal by ion exhange
The history of mining in Finland
Operational competitiveness strategy research based on sense and respond method : a case study for mining industries in Ghana
Corporate social responsibility in the Zambian mining industry : a multible case study of the conceptualisation, implementation and monitoring processes
Coping with closure : an international comparison of mine town experiences
Principles of hydrogeology
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Evaluation of the transport projects of the Kolari and Sokli mining projects
Cumulative geological, regional and site-specific factors affecting groundwater quality in domestic wells in Finland
The waters of Rome : aqueducts, fountains, and the birth of the Baroque city
Leviathans at the gold mine : creating indigenous and corporate actors in Papua New Guinea
Tributors, supporters and merchant capital : mining and underdevelopment in Sierra Leone
The handbook of groundwater engineering
A study of the water infrastructure of Renaissance Rome. It offers a fresh understanding of how technological and scientific developments in aqueduct and fountain architecture helped turn a medieval backwater into the preeminent city of early modern Europe.
Drilling and blasting of rocs
Miners, quarrymen and saltworkers
Water sources and quality at livestock farms in Finland
Increasing the ability to sell by training the sales persons
Automation of a Diamond Plant
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Porakaivoveden radonkartasto = Radonatlas över borrbrunnar = Radon Atlas of wells drilled into bedrock in Finland
Assessing industrial pollution by means of environmental samples in the Kemi-Tornio region
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Design of experiments in analysis of flotation froth appearance
The romance of nickel
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
Analysis of socio-economic impact of Konkola Copper Mine (KCM) on the mining community in Zambia : a case study of Chingola Town
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Analysis of Parabolic Leaf Spring Failure
Rock mechanics : for underground mining
Map of a part of eastern Asia to show the commercial position of the productive coal fields of Yesso, Japan
Estonian oil-shale
"Mali's mining sector has grown greatly since the early 1990s, and is now the second largest source of export income. But while the state receives significant revenues, at the local level mining operations have been associated with loss of land rights and environmental pollution. This study identifies legal tools that can be used by local people to better secure their land rights and to participate more effectively in investment decisions and benefits. It assesses the strengths and weaknesses of these tools, and the opportunities and constraints associated with them. It also considers ways to increase their effectiveness, and identifies next steps for policy engagement and capacity building work. In some areas this pressure is exacerbated by increased investment in the mining sector, which adds another dimension to the issue - greater need for local participation in decision-making processes, transparency in negotiating contracts, proper compensation and a share of the profits generated by the extractive industry. Legal tools that can be used by local communities take on a particular relevance in these areas." --Provided by publisher.
Mining and structural adjustment : studies on Zimbabwe and Tanzania
Social impact assessment in mining projects in Northern Finland : comparing practice to theory
Deep down dark : the untold stories of 33 men buried in a Chilean mine, and the miracle that set them free
The fox and the goat
Radon and radium in well water : measurements and mitigation of exposure
A coal mine exploded in Scofield, Utah, on May Day 1900.
Testate amoebae (thecamoebians) as indicators of aquatic mine impact
Oil Discovery in Ghana : A blessing or a curse?
Discourses and decision making : a case study of a relocating town
The well in ancient Arabia
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
The Shaping of Sudbury - a Labour View : an adress to a public meeting of The Sudbury & District Historical Society April 18, 1979
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
APELL for mining : guidance for the mining industry in raising awareness and preparedness for emergencies at local level
Throat Size Optimization for a Welded Boom Base
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
Results minerals & aggregates : [Metso customer magazine for the mining and construction industries]
The forgotten arts and crafts
SteamWorld collection : Wii U.
New Techniques and Technologies in Mining
Human factors for the design, operation, and maintenance of mining equipment
The ore deposits of Sweden
A Palaeoproterozoic high-sulphidation epithermal gold deposit at Orivesi, southern Finland
Water well rehabilitation : a practical guide to understanding well problems and solutions
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
We eat the mines and the mines eat us : dependency and exploitation in Bolivian tin mines
The forgotten arts
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Mexican mining industry report 1999.
Legal tools for citizen empowerment : increasing local participation and benefit in Mali's mining sector
