http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9509 urban culture
urban culture
Rediscovering the Hindu temple : the sacred architecture and urbanism of India
Humanising the city? : social contexts of urban life at the turn of the millennium
All that is solid melts into air : the experince of Modernity
Soulside : inquiries into ghetto culture and community
Cultural policy in towns : a report on the Council of Europe's "Experimental study of cultural development in European towns"
From where does the bad wind blow? : spiritual healing and witchcraft in Lusaka, Zambia
Notes from a small island
Cities on the move 7 = Kaupungit liikkeessä : 6.11.1999-9.1.2000
Masculinities, modernist fiction and the urban public sphere
The conscience of the eye : the design and social life of cities
A shout in the street : the modern city
The history of medieval life : [a guide to life from 1000 to 1500 AD]
Fado resounding : affective politics and urban life
Going astray : Dickens and London
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
Hip and happy in Harlem
Time Out London calling : high art and low life in the capital since 1968
Going east
Geomedia : networked cities and the politics of urban space
Mediasphere Shanghai : the aesthetics of cultural production
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
Pompeis difficile est : studies in the political life of imperial Pompeii
City people : the rise of modern city culture in nineteenth-century America
Beyond the Great Wall : urban form and transformation on the Chinese frontiers
Havana : the making of Cuban culture
Gender and slum culture in urban Asia
The Vienna coffeehouse wits 1930-1938
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Small can be strong : Mänttä, European Capital of Culture 2011 : Application Submitted to the Ministry of Education  on 23 February 2006
Port towns and urban cultures : International  histories of the waterfront, c.17002000
Zagreb : a cultural history
Cities and urban life
The golden peninsula : culture and adaptation in mainland Southeast Asia
The radiant city : elements of a doctrine of urbanism to be used the basis of our machine-age civilization
Despite the port's prominence in maritime history, its cultural significance has long been neglected in favour of its role within economic and imperial networks. Defined by their intersection of maritime and urban space, port towns were sites of complex cultural exchanges. This book, the product of international scholarship, offers innovative and challenging perspectives on the cultural histories of ports, ranging from eighteenth-century Africa to twentieth-century Australasia and Europe. The essays in this important collection explore two key themes; the nature and character of 'sailortown' culture and port-town life, and the representations of port towns that were forged both within and beyond urban-maritime communities. The book's exploration of port town identities and cultures, and its use of a rich array of methodological approaches and cultural artefacts, will make it of great interest to both urban and maritime historians. It also represents a major contribution to the emerging, interdisciplinary field of coastal studies.
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
Sohar : culture and society in an Omani town
Culture: a way forward: culture and neighbourhoods: an action-research project in urban Europe
Hack the city : take control
Kiasma - Eastern Helsinki : five years of urban arts / Riitta Aarniokoski
Experience and conflict : the dialectics of the production of public urban space in the light of new event venues in Helsinki 1993-2003
"The literary image of Los Angeles has evolved since the 1880s from promotional literature that touted the region as a New Eden to contemporary visions of the city as a perplexing, sometimes corrupt, even apocalyptic place that foreshadows and reflects all that is wrong with America. Imagining Los Angeles, the first literary history of the city in more than fifty years, traces the history and mood of the place through the work of writers who defined it in our imaginations - Helen Hunt Jackson, Mary Austin, Norman Mailer, Raymond Chandler, Joan Didion, Carolyn See, and many others - and shows how these writers used the image of the city as an element in their work, and how that image changed as Los Angeles itself became ever larger, more complex, and more socially and ethnically diverse."--BOOK JACKET.
Urban animals : crowding in zoocities
Uncommon London
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Postmodern New York City : transfiguring spaces = Raum-Transformationen
Consciousness and the urban experience
Getting about in Helsinki
Cityscapes in the Americas and beyond : representations of urban complexity in literature and film
2000.hel.fi : Helsinki, European City of culture : ohjelma = program = programme
City between worlds : my Hong Kong
Time & space traces of Shanghai:  selected artworks by photographer Guo Bo
Ethnicities : metropolitan cultures and ethnic identities in the Americas
Kitchens of the great Midwest
During Denmark's 'Golden Age' (c. 1800 to 1850), Copenhagen came into being as a modern city on the urban-cultural level. This book examines this period in the city's history, just before the establishment of some of the main features of the modernisation of cities associated with industrialisation, such as street lighting, sewer systems, and working class quarters. Having briefly set out the historical and topographical context, it assess the work of the most prominent architect of the period, C.F. Hansen in transforming the city physically, before moving on to consider writings by three citizens of Copenhagen, the philosopher Soren Kierkegaard, the novelist Thomasine Gyllembourg and the criminal Ole Kollerod, all of whom write about the city's institutional structure and urban. In doing so, the book not only gives the full picture of these people's lives, but focuses on the way they see themselves as part of the city and on the ambiguities in the way they picture this relationship. It is significant that they reflect on urban life at a time when the city in European thinking began to take on characteristics of ambiguous belonging and alienation while still holding on to some pre-modern motifs of a symbolic order. By including three very different citizens, the book evokes an example of a stratified civic order whose inherent contrariness in fact highlights significant features of the emergent order of the modern city. It investigates how urban life in Golden Age Copenhagen is experienced and structured socially, institutionally, and architecturally, using a broad historical source material spanning urban anecdotes, biography, philosophy, literature, and visual culture. In doing so, it offers insights into the processes of cultural re-orientation involved in the transition from traditional Baroque culture to what might be termed Romantic culture in this short period and the effects it has had on the development of the modern order of this city.
Lukang : commerce and community in a Chinese city
Shanghai : the rise and fall of a decadent city
Imagining Los Angeles : a city in fiction
Shahjahanabad : the sovereign city in Mughal India, 1639-1739
In pursuit of Gotham : culture and commerce in New York
Cities are good for you : the genius of the metropolis
Late medieval and early modern ritual : studies in Italian urban culture
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 1, Concepts and references
Cities for a small planet
The rise and decline of an Iberian bourgeoisie : Manresa in the later Middle Ages, 1250-1500
Space unjust : socio-spatial discrimination in urban public space : cases from Helsinki and Athens
Goddess on the rise : pilgrimage and popular religion in Vietnam
Masquerade politics : explorations in the structure of urban cultural movements
Urban living : city style for your home
How Helsinki became a trailblazer in urban culture
Deep down in the jungle... : Negro narrative folklore from the streets of Philadelphia
I, Helsinki : a Finland visitor's guide
Tallinn European capital of culture 2011 : Stories of the seashore
The hybrid church in the city : third space thinking
American moderns : bohemian New York and the creation of a new century
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Exploring urban and ethnic folklore : strategies in research and pedagogy
"Geomedia offers critical analysis of the new possibilities and power relations emerging in the public space of contemporary cities. As ubiquitous digital networks enable embedded and mobile devices to integrate place-specific data with real-time feedback circuits, everyday experience of public space has become subject to new demands. Looking beyond debates framed by the dominance of surveillance and spectacle, McQuire asks: how might the kind of collaborative practices that have flourished in art and online cultures be translated into urban space? In the urban crisis of the 1960s, Henri Lefebvre argued that the capacity for a city&rsquo;s inhabitants to actively appropriate the time and space of their surroundings was a critical dimension of modern democracy. What does it mean to speak of &lsquo;the right to the city&rsquo; in the context of the networked city? Addressing this question through a series of case studies, this cutting-edge text highlights the tensions between citizen and consumer, communication and surveillance, participation and control, which define contemporary struggles over public space"--
New York
The valley of amazement
Lao Beijing, shijing fengqing hua = Life and people in old Beijing : through the eyes of a painter
"Culture in the Neighbourhood: the Infrastructure for Neighbourhood Culture" : final report
Early capitals of islamic culture : the artistic legacy of Umayyad Damascus and Abbasid Baghdad (650-950)
On the town : one hundred years of spectacle in Times Square
London's turning : Thames Gateway-prospects and legacy
Extraordinary cities : millennia of moral syndromes, world-systems and city/state relations
The ideal city : its architectural evolution
Will Eisner's New York : life in the big city
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
Urban policies for an environmentally sustainable world : the OECD-Sweden Seminar on the Ecological City, June 1-3, 1994
Introduction
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 3, Talking about neighbourhoods : views from locals and artists
Fashioning appetite : restaurants and the making of modern identity
Culture and neighbourhoods. Volume 2, A comparative report
City : rediscovering the center
How to build successful city brands? -Case Munich, Berlin & Hamburg
Urban sociology : critical essays
"The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie is one of the first long-term studies in English of an Iberian town during the late medieval crisis. Focusing on the Catalonian city of Manresa, Jeff Fynn-Paul expertly integrates Iberian historiography with European narratives to place the city's social, political and economic development within the broader context of late medieval urban decline. Drawing from extensive archival research, including legal and administrative records, royal letters, and a cadastral survey of more than 640 households entitled the 1408 Liber Manifesti, the author surveys the economic strategies of both elites and non-elites to a level previously unknown for any medieval town outside of Tuscany and Ghent. In a major contribution to the series, The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie reveals how a combination of the Black Death, royal policy, and a new public debt system challenged, and finally undermined urban resilience in Catalonia"--
A London country diary : mundane happenings from the secret streets of the capital
Metropolis : ten cities, ten centuries
Researching the city
Heritage, culture and conservation : managing the urban renaissance
Itinerant townsmen : friendship and social order in urban Uganda
The city includes opportunities as well as constraints for humans and other animals alike. Urban animals are often subjected to complaints; they transgress geographical, legal as and cultural ordering systems, while roaming the city in what is often perceived as uncontrolled ways. But they are also objects of care, conservation practices and bio-political interventions. What then, are the ""more-than-human"" experiences of living in a city? What does it mean to consider spatial formations and urban politics from the perspective of human/animal relations?
City of quartz : excavating the future in Los Angeles
Metropolis : centre and symbol of our times
Calcutta : a cultural and literary history
Atmosphere : in the phoric of urban metaphors
The emergence of a modern city : golden age Copenhagen, 1800-1850
Global finance and urban living : a study of metropolitan change
Street food in Finland in the 2010s : a sandwich of food and urban cultures
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Trespass : a history of uncommissioned urban art
The city belongs to everyone / Virve Sutinen
The adventures of Wu : the life cycle of a Peking man
The elegiac cityscape : Propertius and the meaning of Roman monuments
Innovation and creativity in late medieval and early modern European cities
Privatising public space? : streetvendors and the use of public space in two Latin American cities
Back where I came from
Citizens prefer collectively produced urban culture
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Jing cheng hu tong liu zhen = Life in hutongs : Through intricate alleyways in Beijing
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Strangeness and familiarity in the urban environment
Discovering Moscow
The middle classes and the city : a study of Paris and London
Soundscapes of the urban past : staged sound as mediated cultural heritage
Writing the city : urban visions & literary modernism
The way we live : with colour
Old townscapes of China
Uncommon Dubai
Sensing cities : regenerating public life in Barcelona and Manchester
Illustrated encyclopedia of Shanghai intangible cultural heritage
City life
Building the 21st century home : the sustainable urban neighbourhood
History and urban prose fiction in Helsinki: case Toivo Tarvas
History of urban culture in Africa South of the Sahara
"A Companion to Urban Anthropology presents original essays on central concepts in urban anthropology and ethnography"--
Crimes of style : urban graffiti and the politics of criminality
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
Multicultures and cities
Make your mark : the new urban artists
Simmel hails a cab : fleeting sociability in the urban taxi
"Traces Japan's coffee craze from the turn of the twentieth century, when Japan helped to launch the Brazilian coffee industry, to the present day, as uniquely Japanese ways with coffee surface in Europe and America. White's book takes up themes as diverse as gender, privacy, perfectionism, and urbanism. She shows how coffee and coffee spaces have been central to the formation of Japanese notions about the uses of public space, social change, modernity, and pleasure. White describes how the café in Japan, from its start in 1888, has been a place to encounter new ideas and experiments in thought, behavior, sexuality, dress, and taste. It is where a person can be socially, artistically, or philosophically engaged or politically vocal. It is also, importantly, an urban oasis, where one can be private in public."--Publisher's description.
The city, sin and enjoyment
Recollections of France : memories, identities and heritage in contemporary France
Communicating civic or historical pride? The city hall in Scandinavian capital cities
City
Accepting that cities are extraordinary, this book provides an original city-centred narrative of human creativity, past, present and future. In this innovative, ambitious and wide-ranging book, Peter Taylor demonstrates that cities are the epicenters of human advancement. In exploring cities as sites through which economies flourish, by harnessing the creative potential of myriad communication networks, the author considers cities from varying temporal and spatial perspectives. Four stories of cities are told: the origins of city networks; the domination of cities by world-empires; the genesis of a singular modern creative interval in which innovation culminates in today s globalised cities; and finally, the need for cities to act as centres for human creativity to produce a more resilient global society in the current crisis century. Providing a long-term view through which to consider the role of cities in attending to incipient crises of the twenty-first century, this closely argued thesis will prove essential for students and scholars of urban studies, geography and sociology, and all those with a professional interest in, or personal fascination for, cities.
Street capital : Black cannabis dealers in a white welfare state
Late medieval and early modern cities are often depicted as cradles of artistic creativity and hotbeds of new material culture. Cities in renaissance Italy and in seventeenth and eighteenth-century northwestern Europe are the most obvious cases in point. But, how did this come about? Why did cities rather than rural environments produce new artistic genres, new products and new techniques? How did pre-industrial cities evolve into centres of innovation and creativity? As the most urbanized regions of continental Europe in this period, Italy and the Low Countries provide a rich source of case studies, as the contributors to this volume demonstrate. They set out to examine the relationship between institutional arrangements and regulatory mechanisms such as citizenship and guild rules and innovation and creativity in late medieval and early modern cities. They analyze whether, in what context and why regulation or deregulation influenced innovation and creativity, and what the impact was of long-term changes in the political and economic sphere.
The European city
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Suburban ambush : downtown writing and the fiction of insurgency
Bangkok : then and now
Food, health and identity
Eat like a Londoner :  an insider's guide to dining out
Citizen Shakespeare : freemen and aliens in the language of the plays
Cities on the move : Seccession, capcMusée d'art contemporain de Bordeaux
30-second New York : the 50 key visions, events and architects that shapes the city, each explained in half a minute
Berlin now : the rise of the city and the fall of the wall
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Cities on the move 4 : the Asian city of the 90s
Coffee life in Japan
Money has no smell : the Africanization of New York City
We cannot simply listen to our urban past. Yet we encounter a rich cultural heritage of city sounds presented in text, radio and film. How can such "staged sounds" express the changing identities of cities? This volume presents a collection of studies on the staging of Amsterdam, Berlin and London soundscapes in historical documents, radio plays and films, and offers insights into themes such as film sound theory and museum audio guides. In doing so, this book puts contemporary controversies on urban sound in historical perspective, and contextualises iconic presentations of cities. It addresses academics, students, and museum workers alike.
Urbanity as national otherness
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Shanghai and the edges of empires
The emancipatory city? : paradoxes and possibilities
Urban spaces in contemporary China : the potential for autonomy and community in post-Mao China
Palomar : the heartbreak soup stories
Walking in Berlin : a flaneur in the capital
Classic essays on the culture of cities
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
The country and the city revisited : England and the politics of culture, 1550-1850
Time and order in metropolitan Vienna : a seizure of schedules
Mars bar and mushy peas : urban legend and the cult of celebrity
Creating a creative city? : critical perspective on the creative city discourse
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Urban mindscapes of Europe
Urban identity : learning from place 2
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Becoming Chinese : passages to modernity and beyond
"It's not nowhere like Ohio" : the San Francisco of the young refugees of middle-class America
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Strategic planning advice 1995 : towards 2000 and the new millenium
Civic realism
A companion to urban anthropology
Berlin coquette : prostitution and the new German woman, 1890/1933
Londonopolis : a curious history of London
