http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9503 resistance (feeling)
resistance (feeling)
Anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism in historical perspective : convergence and divergence
The Counter-Renaissance
Globalization from below : transnational activists and protest networks
Anti-Catholicism and nineteenth-century fiction
In the mid-1970s, American feminists formed grassroots organizations to protest the proliferation of advertisements, films, and other popular media that glorified sexual violence against women. They pioneered feminist analyses of these images, which were thought to promote sexist attitudes and behavior, and male power and control. Over time, feminists shifted their focus to pornography, and a full-fledged anti-pornography movement was born. This book analyzes the rise and fall of the American feminist anti-pornography movement, situating its development in the social and cultural history of the late 1960s and 1970s, including the sexual revolution and the second wave. Based on extensive original archival work, Carolyn Bronstein chronicles the three most influential movement organizations and reveals how and why anti-pornography took root. Bronstein shows that the strategic reorientation to pornography propelled the movement into the national spotlight but also ignited a counter-movement led by feminists and free speech advocates that ultimately toppled anti-pornography in the mid-1980s. Battling Pornography offers a detailed account of inner movement dynamics and the contributions of its central actors, including some of the best-known figures in American feminism.
Darwin's sacred cause : race, slavery and the quest for human origins
Or the bull kills you
Religion and war resistance in the Plowshares movement
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
A necessary end : an inspector Banks mystery
Bibliographia Sociniana : a bibliographical reference tool for the study of Dutch Socinianism and Antitrinitarianism
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
2 states : the story of my marriage
"The world will be turned upside down, when even the maids are taught to write" : prejudices against teaching all people to write in nineteenth century Finland
Darkness over Denmark : the Danish resistance and the rescue of the Jews
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
La Vía Campesina : globalization and the power of peasants
Renaissance genius : Galileo Galilei & his legacy to modern science
Civil disobedience, threats and offers : Gandhi and Rawls
The vegetarian : a novel
A Mersey mile
Raging against the machine : New Internationalist : 30 years of campaigning for global justice
The global politics of globalization : "empire" vs "cosmopolis"
Nativism and slavery : the northern Know Nothings and the politics of the 1850's
It is no exaggeration to say that the Hankey, a small British ship that circled the Atlantic in 1792 and 1793, transformed the history of the Atlantic world. This extraordinary book uncovers the long-forgotten story of the Hankey, from its altruistic beginnings to its disastrous end, and describes the ship's fateful impact upon people from West Africa to Philadelphia, Haiti to London. Billy G. Smith chased the story of the Hankey from archive to archive across several continents, and he now brings back to light a saga that continues to haunt the modern world. It began with a group of high-minded British colonists who planned to establish a colony free of slavery in West Africa. With the colony failing, the ship set sail for the Caribbean and then North America, carrying, as it turned out, mosquitoes infected with yellow fever. The resulting pandemic as the Hankey traveled from one port to the next was catastrophic. In the United States, tens of thousands died in Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and Charleston. The few survivors on the Hankey eventually limped back to London, hopes dashed and numbers decimated. Smith links the voyage and its deadly cargo to some of the most significant events of the era-the success of the Haitian slave revolution, Napoleon's decision to sell the Louisiana Territory, a change in the geopolitical situation of the new United States-and spins a riveting tale of unintended consequences and the legacy of slavery that will not die.
The antislavery vanguard : new essays on the abolitionists
New perspectives on globalization and antiglobalization : prospects for a new world order?
Red rising
Romanticism and slave narratives : transatlantic testimonies
Anti-nuclear protest : the opposition to nuclear energy in France
Expect resistance : a crimethink field manual
Climate myths : the campaign against climate science
Alternative media and politics of resistance : a communication perspective
Counterterrorism
Humanitarian imperialism : the politics of anti-slavery activism 1880-1940
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass, an American slave, written by himself : authoritative text, contexts, criticism
The CND story : the first 25 years of CND in the words of the people involved
Velvet glove, iron fist : a history of anti-smoking
Confronting the bomb : a short history of the world nuclear disarmament movement
Geography and social movements : comparing antinuclear activism in the Boston area
Slavery, empathy, and pornography
The refusal of work : the theory and practice of resistance to work
The new carbon economy
Rebellions and peripheries in the cuneiform world
Anti-racist work with young people : European experiences and approaches
An abolitionist abroad : Sarah Parker Remond in cosmopolitan Europe
40 ways to raise a nonracist child
Joseph de Maistre and the legacy of Enlightenment
Battling pornography : the American feminist anti-pornography movement, 1976-1986
John Brown, abolitionist : the man who killed slavery, sparked the Civil War, and seeded civil rights
Slavery and antislavery in Spain's Atlantic empire
Resistance and the practice of rationality
Best known today as one of the earliest critics of John Locke, John Norris (1657-1711) incorporated ideas of Augustine, Malebranche, Plato, the Cambridge Platonists, and the scholastics into an original synthesis that was highly influential on the philosophy and theology of his day. W. J. Mander presents a much-needed study of this unjustly neglected thinker, and the different perspectives he offers on this seminal period in philosophical history.
"Fugitive slaves were reported in the American colonies as early as the 1640s, and escapes escalated with the growth of slavery over the next two hundred years. By the onset of the Civil War in 1861, the Underground Railroad included members, defined stops, set escape routes and a code language"--Provided by publisher.
Analysis of the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Bury the chains : the British struggle to abolish slavery
Paul and his opponents
Focusing on discourses of magic in thirteenth - fourteenth century Icelandic texts that are concerned with kingship, this book examines the performative and ideological functions of texts dealing with magic in contexts of social and political conflict. This volume examines the performative and ideological functions of texts dealing with magic in contexts of social and political conflict. While the rites, representations, and agents of medieval Scandinavian magic have been the object of numerous studies, little attention has been given to magic as a discourse. As a consequence, Old Norse sources mobilizing magic have been analysed mainly as evidence for a stable extra-textual phenomenon. This volume breaks with this perspective. The book focuses on the use of discourses of magic in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Icelandic texts concerned with kingship. It is argued that Icelanders constructed magic as a discursive answer to the increasingly pressing question of how to deal with the reality of their subordination to kings. This they did by telling stories of flattering Icelandic successes over kings brought about by magic in a bid to challenge dominant definitions and the social and political status quo. The book thus follows the conditions of emergence that made these subversive discourses of magic meaningful; it describes the various forms they were given, the various constraints weighing upon their use, and the particular political goals they served.
Food, farms & solidarity : French farmers challenge industrial agriculture and genetically modified crops
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Paul and the gentile women : reframing Galatians
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
Euro-skepticism : a reader
The clash of globalisations : neo-liberalism, the third way and anti-globalisation
Who's Got the Power? : Young Children's Power and Agency in the Child-Parent Relationship
Moral capital : foundations of British abolitionism
On slavery and abolitionism
This thesis examines the Know Your Customer (KYC) – and Anti Money Laundering (AML) – aspects in the risk management policy used at the Trade Finance Finland (TFF) department at a large Nordic bank. The aim was to research on how the KYC and AML are affecting to TFF's actions, why is it important for both the bank and the customers to operate within the codes of conduct of the KYC and the AML, how the customers are seeing and experiencing the bank's KYC and AML regimes compared to the competitors and what kind of possibilities do the two offer on improving customer relations. The KYC and AML regimes affect clearly the TFF's daily work. They have helped to avoid all kinds of reputational risks and to maintain a trustworthy image in the market. The stricter requirements have brought the bank and the customers closer to one an-other: more information is being shared which can help on developing the product offerings and services. Improving the information flow between the customers and the bank is crucial: the bank should hand out more accurate information on its business policies to enhance the mutual understanding and customer satisfaction. There is a need for improvement both internally and externally: the personnel wished for clearer guidelines and better tools to perform the KYC and AML and the customers needed punctuality and speed in the handling times, the KYC and AML regimes have been too time consuming and caused delays in the customers' businesses.
Listening to the voices of dissent : How are anti-nuclear actors portrayed in Helsingin Sanomat?
Anti-immigrant attitudes in context : the role of rhetoric, religion and political representation
Who moved my cheese? : an amazing way to deal with change in your work and in your life
Ending slavery : how we free today's slaves
"I am a skirt person" : resistance to women's trousers fashion in oral history narratives
Combating terrorism : strategies of ten countries
A Catholic in the White House? : religion, politics, and John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign
An end to enmity : Paul and the "wrongdoer" of Second Corinthians
In a landmark work of deep scholarship and insight, Foner gives us a life of Lincoln as it intertwined with slavery, the defining issue of the time and the tragic hallmark of American history. The author demonstrates how Lincoln navigated a dynamic political landscape deftly, moving in measured steps, often on a path forged by abolitionists and radicals in his party, and that Lincoln's greatness lay in his capacity for moral and political growth.
Shock wave
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 6, Specialized applications and resistance to globalization
The green revolution : the crisis in Iran following the 2009 presidential election
Representing resistance : media, civil disobedience, and the Global Justice Movement
From revolutionaries to citizens : antimilitarism in France, 1870-1914
Work
The African Institution (1807-1827) and the antislavery movement in Great Britain
Frederick Douglass : selected speeches and writings
Liberating sojourn : Frederick Douglass & transatlantic reform
Outpost of empire : the Napoleonic occupation of Andalucía, 1810-1812
The first woman in the republic : a cultural biography of Lydia Maria Child
God's arbiters : Americans and the Philipppines, 1898-1902
Critical resistance : from poststructuralism to post-critique
New world of indigenous resistance : Noam Chomsky and Voices from North, South, and Central America
Ship of death : a voyage that changed the Atlantic world
Decoding abortion rhetoric : communicating social change
The yes men fix the world
World Social Forum : challenging empires
Indian Ocean slavery in the age of abolition
The struggle for the world : liberation movements for the 21st century
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
Critical theories of globalization
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Of one blood : abolitionism and the origins of racial equality
Neither fugitive nor free : Atlantic slavery, freedom suits, and the legal culture of travel
The new extractivism : a post-neoliberal development model or imperialism of the twenty-first century?
Transatlantic abolitionism in the age of revolution : an international history of anti-slavery, c.1787-1820
Power and restructuring : Canada's coastal society and environment
Albert Luthuli and Dag Hammarskjöld - leaders and visionaries : symposia in commemoration of the award of the Nobel Peace Prize to Chief Albert Luthuli and Dag Hammarskjöld
The epistemology of resistance : gender and racial oppression, epistemic injustice, and resistant imaginations
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Critical theories, international relations and "the anti-globalisation movement" : the politics of global resistance
The underground railroad from slavery to freedom : a comprehensive history
The axe laid to the root : the story of Robert Wedderburn
The infinite sea
The antislavery debate : capitalism and abolitionism as a problem in historical interpretation
The Jews for Judaism counter-missionary 12-tape seminar
The philosophy of John Norris
Paradigm wars : indigenous peoples' resistance to globalization
Globalisation & contestation : the new great counter-movement
Effects of management behavior on employee emotions : a case study
Dramatic battles in eighteenth-century France : philosophes, anti-philosophes and polemical theatre
In time
A death in Valencia
Living lightly : travels in post-consumer society
Consumer resistance to switching banking service channel from ATM to Internet
Open for business : conservatives' opposition to environmental regulation
A necessary end : an inspector Alan Banks mystery
Implicating empire : globalization and resistance in the 21st century world order
Culture and resistance : conversations with Edward W. Said
Opposition to Paul in Jewish Christianity
Tobacco capitalism : growers, migrant workers, and the changing face of a global industry
The yes men
Fight evolution with evolution: plasmid-dependent phages with a wide host range prevent the spread of antibiotic resistances
The abolitionists : means, ends, and motivations
The fiery trial : Abraham Lincoln and American slavery
The new politics of pornography
Know your customer and anti-money laundering aspects in the Trade Finance Finland department of Bank X
Prophets of protest : reconsidering the history of American abolitionism
Lift up thy voice : the Grimké family's journey from slaveholders to civil rights leaders
Taking sides : revolutionary solidarity and the poverty of liberalism
Transnational civil society movements : the state of anticorruption efforts
Resistance and persuasion
Silence and Resistance as Experiences and Presentations of Pupil Agency in Finnish Elementary School English Lessons
Maria Eichhorn : Curtain (denim) / lectures by Yuko Fujita, Mika Obayashi
Antiracism, culture and social justice in education
Talk back : the bubble project
Let us fight this ugly evil : explorations into the fight against corruption in Namibia
The king
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
Darwin's sacred cause : how a hatred of slavery shaped Darwin's views on human evolution
The clash of globalisations : neo-liberalism, the third way, and anti-globalisation
Critical security and Chinese politics : the anti-Falungong campaign
Morning Star
Women, dissent and anti-slavery in Britain and America, 1790-1865
Shades of green : visions of nature in the literature of American slavery, 1770-1860
Resistance and revolution
Encyclopedia of the underground railroad
Alternative media and the politics of resistance : perspectives and challenges
Mining in the Chatkal valley : lack of dialogue and poor governance resulting in local resistance - policy brief
Being against the world : rebellion and constitution
No! says Olly Bear
Jihadi terrorism and the radicalisation challenge : European and American experiences
Innovation and its enemies : why people resist new technologies
Story about inter-community marriage in modern India.
Better active than radioactive! : anti-nuclear protest in 1970s France and West Germany
Anti-communism and popular culture in mid-century America
Protest and organization in the alternative globalization era : NGOs, social movements, and political parties
Combating terrorism : the legal challenge
William Wilberforce : the life of the great anti-slave trade campaigner
There is a mystery surrounding Darwin: How did this quiet, respectable gentleman, a pillar of his parish, come to embrace one of the most radical ideas in the history of human thought? Darwin risked a great deal in publishing his theory of evolution, so something very powerful--a moral fire--must have propelled him. That moral fire, argue authors Desmond and Moore, was a passionate hatred of slavery. They draw on a wealth of fresh manuscripts, correspondence, notebooks, diaries, and even ships' logs to show how Darwin's abolitionism had deep roots in his mother's family and was reinforced by his voyage on the Beagle as well as by events in America. Leading apologists for slavery in Darwin's time argued that blacks and whites were separate species, with whites created superior. Darwin believed that the races belonged to the same human family, and slavery was therefore a sin.--From publisher description.
