http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9504 protests
protests
Networks of outrage and hope : social movements in the Internet age
Social protest and contentious authoritarianism in China
Live at Newport
Words will break cement : the passion of Pussy Riot
Graphic agitation. 2 : Social and political graphics in the digital age
Since 1949, Tibetans and Uyghurs generally have been perceived as the two most problematic members of the PRC's great family of peoples and been the targets of 'carrot and stick' measures designed to facilitate their integration into the PRC. In recent years, a solution to the problem of Xinjiang and the Tibet has been sought in accelerated economic development, yet this is perceived by both groups with great suspicion. Addressing this situation, the volume explores the arenas of socio-economic development and market liberalization, popular culture, urban planning and relocation, environment and ecological migration, civil society, education and language, ethno-nationalism, as well as religious policies and practices. It is especially topical at a time when fieldwork in the regions where these two minorities live remains extremely difficult and politically sensitive. --Publisher's description.
The politics of protest in hybrid regimes : managing dissent in post-communist Russia
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
The journey to Tahrir : revolution, protest, and social change in Egypt
"Since the end of the Cold War, more and more countries feature political regimes that are neither liberal democracies nor closed authoritarian systems. Most research on these hybrid regimes focuses on how elites manipulate elections to stay in office, but in places as diverse as Bolivia, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Serbia, Thailand, Ukraine, and Venezuela, protest in the streets has been at least as important as elections in bringing about political change. The Politics of Protest in Hybrid Regimes builds on previously unpublished data and extensive fieldwork in Russia to show how one high-profile hybrid regime manages political competition in the workplace and in the streets. More generally, the book develops a theory of how the nature of organizations in society, state strategies for mobilizing supporters, and elite competition shape political protest in hybrid regimes"--Provided by publisher
The coming swarm : DDoS actions, hacktivism, and civil disobedience on the Internet
I ain't marching any more
Geographies of resistance
Political protest and street art : popular tools for democratization in Hispanic countries
Folk music in America. Volume 7, Songs of complaint & protest
Deconstructing political protest
Protest and power in black Africa
Dispossession describes the condition of those who have lost land, citizenship, property, and a broader belonging to the world. This thought-provoking book seeks to elaborate our understanding of dispossession outside of the conventional logic of possession, a hallmark of capitalism, liberalism, and humanism. Can dispossession simultaneously characterize political responses and opposition to the disenfranchisement associated with unjust dispossession of land, economic and political power, and basic conditions for living? In the context of neoliberal expropriation of labor and livelihood, dispossession opens up a performative condition of being both affected by injustice and prompted to act. From the uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa to the anti-neoliberal gatherings at Puerta del Sol, Syntagma and Zucchotti Park, an alternative political and affective economy of bodies in public is being formed. Bodies on the street are precarious - exposed to police force, they are also standing for, and opposing, their dispossession. These bodies insist upon their collective standing, organize themselves without and against hierarchy, and refuse to become disposable: they demand regard. This book interrogates the agonistic and open-ended corporeality and conviviality of the crowd as it assembles in cities to protest political and economic dispossession through a performative dispossession of the sovereign subject and its propriety.
In the vanguard of history : the Beijing Democracy Wall Movement 1978-1981 and social mobilisation of former Red Guard dissent
Starve and immolate : the politics of human weapons
Waves of protest : social movements since the sixties
Acts of dissent : new developments in the study of protest
Anti-nuclear movements : a world survey of opposition to nuclear energy
Do protests make a difference? : the impact of anti-privatisation mobilisation in India and Peru
"When the U.S.-Korea military alliance began to deteriorate in the 2000s, many commentators blamed 'anti-Americanism' and nationalism, especially among younger South Koreans. Challenging these assumptions, this book argues that Korean activism around U.S. relations owes more to transformations in domestic politics, including the decentralization of government, the diversification and politics of civil society organizations, and the transnationalization of social movements."--Publisher's description.
Earth First! and the Anti-Roads Movement : radical environmentalism and comparative social movements
Welcome to Braggsville
Unearthing conflict : corporate mining, activism, and expertise in Peru
Against the law : labor protests in China's rustbelt and sunbelt
The CND story : the first 25 years of CND in the words of the people involved
Aquarian odyssey : a photographic trip into the sixties
"This book is an exploration of the new forms of social movements and protests that are erupting in the world today, from the Arab uprisings to the indignadas movement in Spain, and the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US. While these and similar social movements differ in many important ways, there is one thing they share in common: they are all interwoven inextricably with the creation of autonomous communication networks supported by the Internet and wireless communication. In this timely and important book, Manuel Castells – the leading scholar of our contemporary networked society – examines the social, cultural and political roots of these new social movements, studies their innovative forms of self-organization, assesses the precise role of technology in the dynamics of the movements, suggests the reasons for the support they have found in large segments of society, and probes their capacity to induce political change by influencing people's minds. Based on original fieldwork by the author and his collaborators as well as secondary sources, this book provides a path-breaking analysis of the new forms of social movements, and offers an analytical template for advancing the debates triggered by them concerning the new forms of social change and political democracy in the global network society." --Provided by publisher.
New ghosts, old dreams : Chinese rebel voices
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
Types of protests and alienation
On the fringes of the harmonious society : Tibetans and Uyghurs in socialist China
Okinawa and Jeju : bases of discontent
Transnational protests and the media
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Can jokes bring down governments?
This original study examines women's activism against war in areas as far apart as Sierra Leone, India, Colombia and Palestine. It shows women on different sides of conflicts in the former Yugoslavia and Israel addressing racism and refusing enmity and describes international networks of women opposing US and Western European militarism and the so-called 'war on terror'. These movements, though diverse, are generating an antimilitarist feminism that challenges how war and militarism are understood, both in academic studies and the mainstream anti-war movement. Gender, particularly the form taken by masculinity in a violent sex/gender system, is inseparably linked to economic and ethno-national factors in the perpetuation of war.
This was not our war : Bosnian women reclaiming the peace
Discourses of ideology and identity : social media and the Iranian election protests
Street spirit : the power of protest and mischief
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
"China's human rights lawyers are important: as legal advocates for victims of injustice ; as proponents of legal and political change in China ; as part of the global and international struggle for human rights ; and as persecuted individuals. Based on years of fieldwork research and hundreds of anonymised conversations with several dozen human rights or, for short, 'rights lawyers' (weiquan lüshi), this book provides a portrait of this extraordinary group of people. This book offers a unique and invaluable insight into contemporary Chinese law and politics, reflecting on the significance of the idea of rights in Chinese society and understanding how and why rights lawyers play the role they do. It answers questions such as: how do rights lawyers operate? What, if any, is rights lawyers' impact on legal practice? How do they interact with their bureaucratic, professional, and social environments? How and why do they resist repression? What is their significance for political developments in China in the longer term? Its chapters discuss how some Chinese lawyers become 'rights lawyers', and examines how bureaucratic systems of control operate to subdue and marginalise human rights lawyers as well as how such lawyers challenge the system. The lawyers' experiences of repression at the hands of the police and state security apparatus are analysed in detail along with the intellectual, political and moral resources they draw on. The book thus sets out what human rights lawyers in China are and what they stand for ; an account that captures their experience at the hands of the legal-political system and by doing so, reflects on what that system is like. The audience for this book includes students and scholars of law, Chinese studies, political studies, international relations, and sociology and it is also addressed to people working in the fields of human rights advocacy, law, politics, international relations, and journalism
The naked blogger of Cairo : creative insurgency in the Arab world
Argentina, 1943-1987 : the national revolution and resistance
Ex machina. Book 4 : March to war
What is the president serving this year? : social unity and factionalsim around the nationala table
"Explanations of motives in political participation directed at value change"
Study conducted at Janta village of Bankura District in West Bengal, India.
Making a voice : African resistance to segregation in South Africa
Back to basics : Together at last the first 21 songs from the roots of urbane folk music
Boundaries of dissent : protest and state power in the media age
China's human rights lawyers and contemporary Chinese law : advocacy and resistance
States and social movements
The green revolution : the crisis in Iran following the 2009 presidential election
Art and protest in Putin's Russia
Means of awakening : gender, politics and practice in rural India
From where we stand : war, women's activism, and feminist analysis
"Xi Chen explains why there has been a dramatic rise in social protests in China since the early 1990s and how it has strengthened the current regime"-- Provided by publisher.
The April revolution and South Korean democracy
Protest, reform and repression in Khrushchev's Soviet Union
Waging nonviolent struggle : 20th century practice and 21st century potential
Environmental protest in western Europe
Transforming globalization : challenges and opportunities in the post 9/11 era
The Vietnam war left a gash in the heart of America that can still be felt today. The War Within is the definitive history of America's internal battle over that war, and it chronicles, as no other book has done, the full story of how a powerful grassroots force--the antiwar movement--changed the course of American history. Tom Wells spent over ten years painstakingly researching government and antiwar-movement documents and interviewing virtually every key player from the Vietnam era--from Dean Rusk, William Westmoreland, and John Ehrlichman to Dave Dellinger, Philip Berrigan, and Daniel Ellsberg. Wells moves from protests at the White House gates to antiwar meeting halls, recreating the activities of the student factions, religious organizations, political splinter groups, and other organizations that waged campaigns of mass protest, draft resistance, civil disobedience, and sometimes political violence. Here, too, are the behind-the-scenes planning sessions of Democratic and Republican administrations as they sought to discredit and subvert the antiwar movement's efforts. Wells demonstrates that Washington took the antiwar movement seriously at every stage of the war and that the movement was instrumental in the eventual withdrawal of U.S. forces from Southeast Asia. He also reveals how the movement's growing influence prompted the Watergate fiasco. And he graphically conveys the internecine conflicts that plagued the antiwar movement and its leaders. In these pages the human drama of the antiwar era unfolds through the words of its participants, both the famous and the forgotten. Wells not only captures the spirit of these tumultuous times but also shows how the events of twenty-five years ago shaped the America of today.
In your face! : analysing public political performance as communication
Protests by pupils : empowerment, schooling and the state
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
The struggle over risk : the spatial, temporal and cultural dimensions of protest against nuclear technology
The American protest essay and national belonging : addressing division
The pro-democracy protests in China : reports from the provinces
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth group Oborona
Performative revolution in Egypt : an essay in cultural power
"This book investigates for the first time the parallels between two island appendages of much larger governments - Okinawa, Japan's southernmost island prefecture, in ferment over historic US bases; Jeju embroiled over a new South Korean naval base. The people of Okinawa and Jeju share a common fear of bloody conflict again erupting around them and suspect their governments would sacrifice their interests in a much larger war in a fight for regional control between the US, Japan, and China"--
Power and protest : global revolution and the rise of detente
The protestor's handbook
Performing authenticities : cultural forms and their functions in the Reclaim the Streets -protest
Invisible suburbs : recovering protest fiction in the 1950s United States
33 revolutions per minute : a history of protest songs
Protesting America : democracy and the U.S.-Korea alliance
Northern revolts : medieval and early modern peasant unrest in the Nordic countries
The politics of pulp investment and the Brazilian landless movement (MST)
Songs that made history around the world
What is finnish about The Finns Party? : Political culture and populism
What role do nationalism and popular protest play in China's foreign relations? Chinese authorities permitted anti-American demonstrations in 1999 but repressed them in 2001 during two crises in U.S.-China relations. Anti-Japanese protests were tolerated in 1985, 2005, and 2012 but banned in 1990 and 1996. Protests over Taiwan, the issue of greatest concern to Chinese nationalists, have never been allowed. To explain this variation, Powerful Patriots identifies the diplomatic as well as domestic factors that drive protest management in authoritarian states. Because nationalist protests are costly to repress and may turn against the government, allowing protests demonstrates resolve and makes compromise more costly in diplomatic relations. Repressing protests, by contrast, sends a credible signal of reassurance, facilitating diplomatic flexibility. Powerful Patriots traces China's management of dozens of nationalist protests and their consequences between 1985 and 2012. -- Provided by publisher
Your heart is a muscle the size of a fist
The marketplace of revolution : how consumer politics shaped American independence
The social psychology of protest
Uprisings spread like wildfire across the Arab world from 2010 to 2012, fueled by a desire for popular sovereignty. In Tunisia, Egypt, Syria, and elsewhere, protesters flooded the streets and the media, voicing dissent through slogans, graffiti, puppetry, videos, and satire that called for the overthrow of dictators and the regimes that sustained them. Investigating what drives people to risk everything to express themselves in rebellious art, "The Naked Blogger of Cairo" uncovers the creative insurgency at the heart of the Arab uprisings. While commentators have stressed the role of social media, Marwan M. Kraidy shows that the essential medium of political expression was not cell phone texts or Twitter but something more fundamental: the human body. Brutal governments that coerced citizens through torture and rape found themselves confronted with the bodies of protesters, burning with defiance and boldly violating taboos. Activists challenged authority in brazen acts of self-immolation, nude activism, and hunger strikes. The bodies of dictators became a focus of ridicule. A Web series presented Syria's Bashar al-Assad as a pathetic finger puppet, while cartoons and videos spread a meme of Egypt's Hosni Mubarak as a regurgitating cow. The rise of digital culture complicates our understanding of the human body in revolutionary times. As Kraidy argues, technology publicizes defiance, but the body remains the vital nexus of physical struggle and digital communication, destabilizing distinctions between "the real world" and virtual reality, spurring revolutionary debates about the role of art, and anchoring Islamic State's attempted hijacking of creative insurgency.
Social media and the politics of reportage : the 'Arab Spring'
Dispossession : the performative in the political : conversations with Athena Athanasiou
Humour and social protest
Human acts : a novel
Talk back : the bubble project
Powerful patriots : nationalist protest in China's foreign relations
Social movements in times of austerity : bringing capitalism back into protest analysis
The war within : America's battle over Vietnam
Social protest and popular culture in eighteenth-century Japan
The limits of protest
The age of the reformation
Ramblin' boy and other songs
Fellow workers
Workers playtime
How social movements matter
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
Senseless acts of beauty : cultures of resistance since the sixties
Site fights : divisive facilities and civil society in Japan and the West
