http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9517 business relations
business relations business connections
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
The AMA handbook of public relations
The global connection : issues in business German
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Supplier relational effort in the buyer-supplier relationship
Collaboration strategy : how to get what you want from employees, suppliers and business partners
The inception and formation of strategic inter-firm partnerships for a small, technology-based company : case evidence from the Finnish mobile services sector
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Festive : the art and design of promotional mailing
The rising role of communication management in world politics and business
Value co-creation through transparent buyer-supplier relationships : a case study in the supply network of industrial machinery manufacturer
Complaint management : the heart of CRM
Consumer pre-purchase decision taxonomy
Internationalization to Russia for Finnish companies: a contextual perspective
The formation and management of a software outsourcing partnership : a case study
Contracting in software business : analysis of evolving contract processes and relationships
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
Critical business episodes : the criticality of damage adjustment processes in insurance relationships
Globalization : the external pressures
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Looking beyond traditional network relationships : Online Subcontracting Platform as an unconventional tool for connecting and benefiting actors in the network
International business : the new realities
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business : case: Tamtron Group
Developing successful partnership strategy in P.R. China : case QPR Software
Christmas on 4th Street
An overview of the importance of conference networking in the glass industry : case Glass Performance Days
Sustaining and developing business relationships in a car rental company : case Hertz Finland
Effective security management
Business cooperation : from theory to practice
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
CRM at the speed of light : social CRM strategies, tools, and techniques for engaging your customers
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
A Place of Globalization : Cross-cultural Cooperation Between Estonian and Norwegian Business People in Tallinn
Symbolicially embedded : essays on the creation and use of symbolic resources in furniture networks
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Import planning : practises and procedures when creating supplier relationships and importing fashion accessories from China to Finland
Customer expertise : a challenge in managing customer relationships in professional business-to-business services
Breaking up is hard to do : the dissolution of business relationships in the global market place
Advances in business marketing and purchasing : Volume 16, Organizational culture, business-to-business relationships, and interfirm networks
The role of attraction and control boundaries in value creation : dyadic exploration of strategic buyer-supplier relationships
Tiivistelmä:Buyer-seller relationships in furniture business in St. Petersburg.
The rising sun on main street : working with the Japanese
Developing and testing a two-dimensional concept of commitment : explaining relationship of an individual in a marketing dyad
Exploring the underlying dynamics of buyer-seller interaction in project afterlife
Relationship marketing in Latin American context : implications for small Finnish software companies in Latin American B2B partnerships
Factors affecting to managerial success of an inter-organizational strategic relationship : empirical evidence from buyer-supplier relationships in Finnish technology industry
Cross-cultural comparison in business meetings and negotiations : insight to Chinese and Finnish differences
The lowland : a novel
Trading places : how America allowed Japan to take the lead
Key account management in information-intensive services
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Cultural dimensions in the establishment of international business relationships : Russian business culture from the perspective of Finnish SMEs
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
Building and cultivating business to government guanxi in China and its potential challenges from western firm's perspective : a case study of a Finnish firm
The negotiation handbook
Supply chain management between Finland and China : empirical evidence from Vaasa region
After Nicole Perkins opens her store, The Christmas Attic, in Fool's Gold, California, business is booming. When recuperating army doctor Gabriel Boylan offers to help out during the holiday rush, she discovers his memories of Christmas past contain more sour grapes than sugarplums. Are the red-hot mistletoe kisses they can't stop sharing just a distraction for him-- or is true love just waiting to be unwrapped?
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish consulting company) to Berlin, German Market : developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Realizing a new marketing strategy through organizational learning in industrial networks : implications for dynamic capabilities, a theory-of-the business and sustainable competitive advantages
Customer satisfaction survey for clothing store Pointguard
Business gifts and related meanings in international context : case: Finnish business gift company
Managing Purchasing and Supply Relationships
Purchasing process automation and its impact on international buyer supplier relationship : a case study of Wärtsilä
Understanding value in the shipbuilding industry : a study of buyer and seller perceived value in business relationships
Customer commitment and key account management
Thesis is made as an assignment from Finpro ry. The topic is based on Finpro's interest on networking as a method of internationalisation within tour operators in Turku region in Finland. The work can be divided into three sections. First, the overview on current theories on networking and internationalisation of services will be conducted. Second, by using semi-structured interviews as a research method, local tour operators were interviewed and their networking was explored. Third, by analysing the information gathered by interviews, results will be analysed and suggestions and recommendations will be given. Business networking as its best is sharing information, ideas and support between the members of the network. Studies have shown that old internationalisation models are still applied successfully, but in the same time studies are suggesting that there is a need for a new network based models of internationalisation. Networks are made up of three dimensions, actors that perform a set of activities by using sets of resources. Successful networking requires not only resources, but also most importantly motivation and engagement from its members. The research process of the thesis showed that networking helps tour operators to become more attainable, no matter which size the operator is. Previous experiences are highly valued and experiences are giving credibility and helps operators to find new customers and partners, also from outside the domestic markets. Networking can be used as bridges to better knowledge of the industry and its services. Networks are also used when seeking new projects and partners. Networking, when well planned and implemented, is a crucial factor on the road to a successful internationalisation process.
The end of business as usual : rewire the way you work to succeed in the consumer revolution
One billion customers : lessons from the front lines of doing business in China
Abstract: Optimising bearing inventory costs through development of outsourcing in Kangas paper Mill.
Nice to do business with you: Changing social cognition and emerging microculture in business relationships
Evaluation of relationship quality in business relationships
Networking like a pro : turning contacts into connections
Manufacturer and foreign distributor business relationship
Developing relationships in business networks
Customer relationship management in the United Kingdom e-commerce
Technical adaptations in the development stages of business relationship : case VAMP Ltd
Customer value co-creation through reverse use of customer data
Buyer-seller relationships in furniture business in St. Petersburg : Russian retailers` experiences of foreign manufacturers
Differences of value perceptions in global industrial business relationships
52 ways to reconnect, follow-up, and stay in touch : when you don't have time to network
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
The art of the business lunch : building relationships between 12 and 2
Value-creating networks : an analysis of the software component business
Partnering with the frenemy : a framework for managing business relationships, minimizing conflict, and achieving partnership success
Global airline alliances play a major role in the aviation business today. Allying is one of the survival strategies of airlines. The global alliances operating today, Star Alliance, oneworld and Skyteam are largest organisations and the member airlines are naturally affected by the cooperation.     The interaction in the global airline alliances is examined with the help of using one of the three large global alliances, oneworld, as an example. The framework of this thesis is the theory of global airline alliances and more specifically the cooperation forms of the members in the alliances. The goal is to enlighten the significance of cooperation in an alliance for a member airline.      The thesis was conducted as natural continuation to the author's concentration studies in the field of aviation in University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef in Germany. The research for the thesis was started in summer 2008. The process of writing was longer than planned and was finished in the fall of 2009.    oneworld airline alliance is introduced in more detail with the structure, strengths and weaknesses. Two of the members, Finnair and American Airlines are introduced with more detail as they are a significant source for the research in the form of interviews from companies' representatives and a frontline worker, airline purser. The data for the research was collected from interviews and secondary data.     The areas of interview questions were cooperation forms such as code sharing, ground services and staff sharing, power in the alliance, idea of seamless travel, role of alliance coordinators and headquarters in Vancouver, and current projects. The findings of these interviews were gathered and discussed under three themes: commitment, culture and democracy. The topic of the research is large and this thesis was only an introduction to the interaction in alliances. The results did however discover interesting areas of the alliance cooperation such as areas that have not been made use of and the direction towards closer cooperation. The research suggests that commitment in the alliance is strong as investments made by the members are high. However, efforts in the area of shared training have been low.
Networking : the new rules
7L : the seven levels of communication : go from relationships to referrals
Co-branding as a tool for strategic brand activation : how to find the ideal partner - an explanatory case study in the fashion and design sector
The primary objective of the thesis was to find out how the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group evaluate the cooperation between them and Tamtron Group. The study was conducted from the foreign representatives' point of view. The meaning was to identify how the foreign representatives experience the cooperation. The intention was to gather information for Tamtron Group to help it to improve these relationships. The study was conducted by using quantitative methods. The data was collected by using a self-completion questionnaire which was sent by email. The questionnaire contained both multiple choice questions and open questions. The sample of the research included all the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group. The questions handled the overall assessment of the relationship, positive aspects in the relationship, challenges facing the representatives and development ideas of the representatives. All the foreign representatives were categorized according to how long relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The categorization was made in order to see whether there were differences in the answers between the different groups. The study shows that the foreign representatives are in general satisfied with the cooperation. The overall satisfaction of all the representatives was basically at the same level, not depending on the length of the relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The most positive aspect in the relationship seemed to be the personal relations. The price reasoning and lack of technical competence formed the biggest challenges for the representatives. The issues for development seem to be technical and commercial training and more marketing material in representative's own language. The answers of the respondents to questions concerning challenges facing the representatives and development ideas varied to some extent according to the length of relationship. Lack of technical competence seemed to be bigger problem for representatives who had only few years' relationship with Tamtron Group than for representatives with longer experience. This means that Tamtron Group should focus on different issues on different phases of the relationship in order to improve the cooperation.
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
Reference communication and third actors in the initiation of business relationships
Industrial buying in Chinese power plant markets
A comparison of the perceptions of dyadic business relationships in the forest and telecommunications industries
Prices, quality and trust : inter-firm relations in Britain and Japan
This authoritative guide to the key concepts, theories and applications of relationship marketing deals with partnership issues among suppliers and customers, and new ways of teaching and learning relationship marketing.
Effective customer care
Co-creation of corporate brand through stakeholder relationships in B2B SMEs
Determinants of alliance longevity : an empirical examination of factors from transaction cost economics and the dynamic capabilities perspective
Principled selling : how to win more business without selling your soul
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
The networking survival guide : get the success you want by tapping into the people you know
Big in Asia : 25 strategies for business success
Strategy Implementation in International Business : Case Study: Cafe Ekberg and Neuhaus
Handbook of relationship marketing
Business relationship digitalization : a case study from the steel processing industry
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Russian managers' perception of Finnish managers
The complete guide to direct marketing
The role of guanxi in buyer-seller relationships in China : a survey of vegetable supply chains in Jiangsu Province
Purchasing first aid products from China : case study: Rexram Oy
Selling big to China : negotiating principles for the world's largest market
Value creation in business-to-business channel relationships
Strategic collaboration : creating the extended organization
Optimising bearing inventory costs through development of outsourcing in Kangas paper Mill
Alfred and Uno meet the customers
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Learning from European R & D & I practices in higher education at Oulu UAS : case study: three universities of applied sciences in the Netherlands
Controlling collaboration between firms : How to Build and Maintain Successful Relationship with External Partners
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Structuring product value creation and delivery processes to develop quality business relationships : case study of metal processing machinery company from Finland
Supplier relationship management : practises and experiences in global industries
Strategic sales process adaptation : relationship orientation of the sales process in a business-to-business context
Abstract: Russian managers' perception of Finnish managers.
Alliance integration : case oneworld
Trade fairs to advance SME internationalisation : case China
Trust and opportunism in a dyadic partnership
Intercultural training : theory and design : a sample training program from Americans : doing business in Mexico
The value of relationship banking : empirical evidence on small business financing in Finnish credit markets
Key account management and quality in business-to-business relationships
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
Influence of cross-cultural communications on virtual project teams management within IT industry
Industrial business relationships in collaborative product development when utilizing digital channels : Case Ruukki
Maintaining intercultural supplier relationships through interaction : Analysis of U.S., European and Asian supplier relationships
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish Consulting Company) to Berlin,German Market : Developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Understanding Chinese business relationship and their culture : case study: Finnish businessmen views of Chinese business culture
Handbook for Trading with Estonia
Meanings of trust in a dyadic partnership : case: Metso Automation - CAE Valmarine
Development of business processes and BPM : a case study
Enhancing customer experience in the construction industry : a case study for Rautaruukki
Analysis of the trade relationships between Spanish and Chinese companies
The quest for stability : a network approach to business relationship endurance in professional services
Co-branding through successful partner selection : case Royal Philips Electronics
Women, work & the art of savoir faire : business sense & sensibility
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
