http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9518 fat (nutrients)
fat (nutrients)
Strategies for reducing postprandial triacylglycerolemia
Characterization of osteogenic differentiation mechanisms of human adipose stem cells in response to BMP-2 and bioactive glasses
"Lipids are no longer seen as molecules that only provide membrane structure and organization. Due to their amphipathic nature, lipids are localized both on the surface and internally in membranes in the cell, and at these locations, trigger signaling pathways by interacting with soluble proteins, typically through lipid-interacting domains and motifs. More importantly, interconversion of lipid species in these compartments is fundamental, not only by sustaining signaling but also by contributing to signaling pathways that link protein receptors with intracellular effectors. With contributions from eleven leading research teams, this book updates the most recent findings associated with lipid-mediated cell signaling in mammals and plants. Contributors give comprehensive overviews of the physiological role of sphingolipids and phospholipids and how they undergo synthesis and turnover. Emphasis on the structural aspects of protein-lipid interactions is compiled in several chapters with great detail, whereas fully described mechanisms of lipid-mediated membrane targeting and insertion are considered in others. Authors also discuss models and techniques used to characterize lipid-mediated membrane binding of proteins. In addition, several chapters highlight the correlation of abnormal intracellular levels of lipids with human diseases, thus, making this book a valuable resource for biochemists, biophysicists, cell biologists, and clinical scientists with interest in lipid-mediated signaling pathways." -- (takakansi)
Obesity, low-grade inflammation and cardiovascular diseases : special emphasis on fat mass and obesity associated (FTO) and serum amyloid A (SAA) genes
Pleiotropy of vitamin D-mediated gene regulation
Fat accumulation in liver and muscle:association with adipokines and risk of cardiovascular events
Glycemic index : from research to nutrition recommendations?
Lipid biochemistry : an introduction
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Vitamin D, lipid metabolism and prostate cancer
Abstract.
Regulation of alternative splicing in obesity and weight loss
Role of <em>Fto</em> in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Fat  : an appreciation of a misunderstood ingredient, with recipes
Liver insulin resistance and hyperglycemia : genetic determinants and association with cardiovascular risk factors
Metabolomics in dietary interventions : special emphasis on effects of grain products and fish on lipidomic profile
Characterisation of functional brown adipose tissue in adult humans
Transcriptional regulation of endothelial lipase and the role of VEGF-A in lipid metabolism
Relationship of physical activity, unacylated ghrelin and gene variation with changes in cardiovascular risk factors during military service
Serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations of Finns and Finnish Lapps. 1 : basic data
Renal function and markers of cardiovascular risk
Compensatory bodily changes during moult in tree sparrows Passer montanus in Italy
Effects of insulin deficiency on exercise-induced acute responses in the regulation of fatty acid oxidation in mouse gastrocnemius muscles
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
The crystallization behavior of fatty acid : resin acid mixtures
Identification of novel regulators for tumor progression in breast cancer
Role of lipid reactions in quality of oat products
The combined treatment of UV light and titanium dioxide (TiO2) in grease filtration technique
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : A design-research of a new-built process
Protein and amino acid nutrition
Novel roles for basement membrane collagens:isoform-specific functions of collagen XVIII in adipogenesis, fat deposition and eye development, and effects of the collagen IV-derived matricryptin arresten on oral carcinoma growth and invasion
Plant lipid biochemistry : the biochemistry of fatty acids and acyl lipids with particular reference to higher plants and algae
The search for familial combined hyperlipidemia susceptibility genes : by Päivi Pajukanta
Experiments on fatty acids chain elongation and glycan flipping in the ER membrane
Spectroscopy of tissue triglyceride composition : in vitro and in vivo studies
Serum lipids, lipoproteins, LDL particle size and insulin resistance in healthy 7- to 11-year-old children : the impact of low-saturated fat dietary intervention : the Strip study
Biomarkers for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with special emphasis on lipid metabolism
Impact of dietary fat on insulin sensitivity, glucose metabolism, serum lipids and coagulation factors
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
The effects of bisphosphonates and COX-2 inhibitors on the bone remodelling unit
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
Mechanisms regulating mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation : role of the redox state of the NADH/NAD+ pool and mutual interactions with pyruvate oxidation
Lipotoxicity in Obesity and Coronary Artery Disease : studies by PET, CT and MR
Oxidized LDL and physical fitness in healthy young men : associations with body composition, smoking, metabolic syndrome and androgen status
Effects of weight loss on adipose tissue, liver and heart metabolism in humans : studies with PET, MRI and MRS
Handbook of fat replacers
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
Do the secreted molecules of gut bacterium Faecalibacterium prausnitzii inhibit the fat accumulation in hepatocytes in vitro?
The regulation of membrane lipid metabolism
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Dietary fat : some aspects of nutrition and health and product development
Gene product targeting into and membrane trafficking from the endoplasmic/sarcoplasmic reticulum in skeletal myofibers
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Characterization of 3-hydroxyacyl-ACP dehydratase of mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis in yeast, humans and trypanosomes
Human adipose stromal cell angiogenesis assay : development of stimulation medium and set-up of cell characterization
Effects of heavy alcohol intake on lipoproteins, adiponectin and cardiovascular risk
Ambulatory blood pressure:association with metabolic risk indicators, renal function and carotid artery atherosclerosis
Serum lipids in young men during military service
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations of Finns and Finnish Lapps. 2 : Interpopulation comparisons and occurence of hyperlipidemia
Influence of porcine fat saturation of fat- and water-holding capacities of cooked sausage
Instrumentally measured release and human perception of aroma compounds from foods and model systems differing in fat content
Comparison of acute and chronic exercise effects in the lipid droplets topography skeletal muscle, following high and low-fat diet in mice
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Cold exposure enhances fat utilization but not non-esterified fatty acids, glycerol or catecholamines availability during submaximal walking and running
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins : new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
Glucose and lipid metabolism in human skeletal muscle
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
Food oils and fats : technology, utilization and nutrition
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Adinopectin and leptin and their associations with cardiovascular risk factors and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in young adults : the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Oils and fats manual : a comprehensive treatise, properties-production-applications
Detailed stratification patterns and vertical layering of lipids in seal blubber : source of ecophysiological information
Dietary protein and carbohydrate modify volatile fatty acid (VFA) profile in canine faeces
Acute and subchronic phytotoxicity of volatile fatty acids (VFAs)
Effects of converting on barrier properties of multi-component coatings
Effects of dietary energy on transcriptional adaptations and insulin resistance in dairy cows and mares
Differing Daphnia magna assimilation efficiencies for terrestrial, bacterial, and algal carbon and fatty acids
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
Fats in food products
Diseases of the respiratory system often cause multisystem dysfunction and morbidity. Respiratory diseases not transmissible by a direct contact are rarer than those of inflammatory or infectious background. Such noncommunicable diseases, often entailing genetic and immune aspects, are areas of limited understanding; sarcoidosis being a case in point. This book tackles the issues relevant to such diseases. The research on novel cytokine markers, which may help in the diagnosis and management of sarcoidosis, is described. Modern approaches to the management of pneumothorax, a frequent accompaniment of lung diseases or chest wall trauma are dealt with as well. There are also chapters that underscore the immuno-inflammatory mechanisms of disorders seemingly unrelated to respiration, such as obesity or aplastic anemia, which may appreciably affect the control of the respiratory system and thus its vulnerability to diseases. The book will be of interest to clinicians and medical researchers.
Effects of weight loss, rosiglitazone and metformin on liver fat content, insulin resistance and gene expression in adipose tissue
Effects of a short-term resistance training protocol on risk factors for the metabolic syndrome in the elderly
Diabetes mellitus : associated conditions
Studies on the transcriptional and enzymatic control of steroid metabolism : regulation by lysosomal acid lipase, 24-dehydrocholesterol reductase, and amyloid precursor protein
Methods and tools for mass spectrometric lipidome analysis
Enoyl thioester reductases : enzymes of fatty acid synthesis and degradation in mitochondria
On glucose metabolism in patients with the m.3243A>G mutation
Fat : it's not what you think
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : a design-research of a new-built process
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid and carnosine supplementation's effects on cognitive, behavioural and psychophysiological parameters on healthy young subjects : double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Dairy fats and related products
Oxidation of steryl esters
Summary.
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Codex alimentarius. Vol. 8, Fats, oils and related products
Role of Fto in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Liver fat in the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes
The role of oxysterol binding proteins in macrophages
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 2, Groat breakage and storability
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Effects of Chlamydia pneumoniae infection on inflammation and lipid parameters in humans and mice
Novel genes and regulatory systems in epididymal differentiation and sperm maturation of the mouse
Intravenous lipid emulsion for treatment of local anaesthetic and tricyclic antidepressant toxicity
Tear film lipid layer : from composition to function : implications of the anti-evaporative effect
Fat accumulation in liver and muscle : association with adipokines and risk of cardiovascular events
Noncommunicable Diseases
Engineering vascularized soft tissue
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
The milk fat globule membrane and some associated phenomena
Fractionation of hen egg and oat lipids with supercritical fluids : chemical and functional properties of fractions
Bioactivation and physiological role of steroid fatty acyl esters in adipose tissue
Classification, origin, diffusion and history of the olive
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Regulatory factors that reveal three distinct adipocytes : the brown, the white and the brite
The role of low birth weight and resistin in metabolic syndrome
Dietary factors, obesity and serum lipoprotein profile : a nutritional epidemiological study in young adult twins
The evolution of obesity
Metabolic significance of fatty acid elongation
Genetics of sleep : sleep and comorbidities : connection at the genetic level
This thesis is a design science research study about the development of a process to dewater waste collected from grease traps (GTW). Grease traps are installed in professional kitchens and at food manufacturing sites to protect the sewage works from grease waste that can clog the sewer system and disrupt the biological treatment at wastewater treatments plants (WWTP). When traps are emptied hot water is used to clean the units. Therefore GTW can contain up to 99% water. During 2008-2009, the waste centres and WWTPs in the Oulu and Kainuu regions in Finland collected 6.6 kg GTW per capita annually. GTW consists of water, partly hydrolyzed fats, oils and greases (FOG), food residues, and other contaminants as soap and metals. The grease is emulsified throughout the water phase and mixed with solids, which makes it difficult to dewater. Dewatering is important as is decreases the amount for waste disposal, which is expensive as GTW is classified as special waste. Additionally, the upcoming legalisation in 2016 forbids disposal of organic waste to landfills and therefore cost-effective alternatives have to be found. A fairly simple process was designed to dewater GTW by using acid hydrolysis and moderate heating (65-70°C). The process was tested first on laboratory scale from where it was step-wise scaled up. In 2012, the process design was tested and evaluated by a pilot plant. The goal was to gather as much information and experiences as possible, in order to improve the process products’ quality and the overall process efficiency for the next production design. The profitability of the design was tested by comparing estimated profit margins in different scenarios. The study contains also an overview of possible technologies to utilise or dispose the dewatered fraction (also called brown grease) resulting from the process.The conclusion of the study is that the designed dewatering process is profitable when used at full operating capacity (3000 t/a) and a dewatering efficiency of at least 75%. In this case the estimated payback time is 3-6 years from start-up. The plant was not suitable for extended dewatering of the FOG fraction. An own unit is needed for this purpose. Otherwise, reuse alternatives should be search that can deal with the remaining water content, such as biogas production or utilisation as steam boiler fuel or low-grade soaps. The test design still needs technical adjustments before it can be taken in use. Further research is needed to find a solution how to destabilize the intermediate layer of organics, light solids and water formed between the FOG and water phase (rag layer). For the moment, the fraction remains a non-valuable waste.
Liver disease in pediatric onset intestinal failure
The role of adiposity, growth and inflammation related gene variants in physical performance and body composition
Dietary fats : determinants of preference, selection and consumption
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
The chemical constitution of natural fats
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
The big fat surprise : why butter, meat, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
Obesity is associated with greater risk of several diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) within the fat mass- and obesity-associated gene FTO are robustly associated with increased body mass index (BMI) in several age and ethnic groups. Studies with transgenic mice support a mechanistic role for FTO protein in energy metabolism. Fto-deficient mice are leaner than wild-type and overexpression of Fto leads to obese phenotype; however, the precise mechanism of FTO action in the control of BMI has remained obscure. Fto mRNA is most abundant in the brain while high expression is present also in white and brown adipose tissues (WAT and BAT, respectively). WAT stores the nutritional energy and BAT dissipates it to produce heat. Furthermore, these organs participate in a complex endocrine network affecting the whole body metabolism, which is more or less disrupted in obesity. In the browning process, white adipocytes begin to manifest brown characteristics. MicroRNAs (miRNA) are small RNA molecules, which fine-tune post-transcriptionally the expression of genes important in several cellular processes, including WAT and BAT differentiation and browning of WAT. FTO has been shown to participate in these processes as well as miRNA regulation.The current study used a new Fto-deficient mouse model to reveal deeper insights into the role of Fto on genes affecting WAT and BAT differentiation and function, as well as WAT browning. Furthermore, the effects of Fto on the miRNA regulation in WAT browning and BAT were investigated. Our results supported a role for Fto in adipose tissue. Fto-deficient mice were resistant to diet-induced obesity and their WAT and BAT adipocytes did not become hypertrophic similar to wild-type on high-fat diet. Furthermore, the expression of genes affecting adipose tissue differentiation and function was altered in Fto-deficient WAT and BAT, especially after high-fat diet, and the changes may be mediated via altered miRNA expression. Fto-deficient WAT was more susceptible to browning, which in part contributed to the lean phenotype of these mice. Current study supported a role for Fto in whole body metabolism and adaptation of adipose tissue to changes in dietary environment.
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins: new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
System-wide approaches to uncover Th2 cell lineage commitment
Zinc and copper in Finnish children and adolescents : association with diet, growth status, sexual maturation and serum lipid levels
Extract and cleaning of contaminated air in commercial kitchens : Ultraviolet technology
The role of zooplankton in the trophic transfer of fatty acids in boreal lake food webs
The function of vascular endothelial growth factor-B in the heart
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
Interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics
The role of weight reduction sensitive genes in adipose tissue biology and adipocyte function : special emphasis on the expression of MFAP5 and CPPED1
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
Age-related stopover strategies in the wood sandpiper Tringa glareola
α- and γ-melanocyte stimulating hormones in obesity : a study of the key central areas of metabolic regulation
Lipid-mediated protein signaling
