http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9513 demography
demography
Demographic science and its teaching in Italy
This book analyzes the family and residential trajectories of men and women across the twentieth century, which are placed in a long-term generational perspective and in the historical context where they played out. It brings together a set of studies based on data from the Biographies et Entourage (Life Event Histories and Entourage) survey conducted by the Institut National dEtudes Dm̌ographiques (INED) on a representative sample of nearly 3,000 residents of the Paris region born between 1930 and 1950. Inside, readers will discover an insightful analysis of the family that moves away from such traditional concepts as the household or main residence and proposes new ones like the entourage and the residential system. This innovative approach to the family network describes an affective and residential proximity that takes into account the relatives and close friends who have played or continue to play a role in an individual's life.The book first presents a detailed analysis of the Biographies et Entourage survey respondents' parental universe and proposes a practical approach to the notion of parenthood that reveals the family and non-family resources available to individuals. Next, it describes the evolution of the respondents' family networks, both in and beyond the household, and details how these family circles shape their subjective judgments during childhood, adolescence, and adult life. Coverage then goes on to examine the family ties of older adults, the role of grandparents and step-families, the importance of family spaces including often frequented places, and inter-generational family solidarity. Families extend well beyond the walls of the home. Interpersonal relations are constructed throughout the life course and in all the settings where they play out. This book takes this new family reality into account and traces its dynamics across time and space.It provides essential tools for researchers looking to conduct life event history surveys and to develop innovative areas of research in the social sciences.
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, XLI 2005.
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 3.
Economic and demographic change : issues for the 1980's : proceedings of the conference, Helsinki 1978 = Mutations économiques et démographiques : perspectives pour les années 1980 : actes du congrés : Helsinki 1978
First essay on population 1798
The human biology of the English village
Social demography
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1998-1999, 35
Demography, state and society : Irish migration to Britain, 1921-1971
Family Beyond Household and Kin : Life Event Histories and Entourage, a French Survey
People, population change and policies : lessons from the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 2, Demographic knowledge - gender - ageing
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 2.
Arctic social indicators : a follow-up to the Arctic human development report
Bibliography of Finnish population research 1994
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Demography : principles and methods
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
The population debate : dimensions and perspectives : papers of the World population conference, Bucharest, 1974.
Demographic transition and social change
Population target : The political economy of population control in Latin America
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
The economic consequences of slowing population growth
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 29, 1991.
Population bulletin
Bibliography of Finnish population research 1992-1993
Population data at a glance : shaded contour maps of demographic surfaces over age and time
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Agent-based computational demography : using simulation to improve our understanding of demographic behaviour
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Demographic transition theory
Population health and aging : strengthening the dialogue between epidemiology and demography
Concise report on the world population situation in 1977 : new beginnings and uncertain ends
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 34
Gale country & world rankings reporter
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2003.
Demographic transition in Kerala in the 1980s
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
One quarter of humanity : Malthusian mythology and Chinese realities, 1700-2000
Demographic analysis : methods, results, applications
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
The growth of humanity
A theory of economic-demographic development
Methods and models in demography
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVIII, 2002 / in collaboration with the Finnish Demographic Society ; [written by Jouko Hulkko ... et al.] ; [editor in chief Ismo Söderling] ; [language revision and translation Maija Mäkinen]
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
The genetic structure of populations
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Population
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
The backbone of history : health and nutrition in the Western Hemisphere
City
Malthus : a very short introduction
Advanced techniques of population analysis
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 32, 1994-1995
GIS tutorial for health
La science de la population au service de l'homme : conference sur la science au service de la vie, Vienne 1979 = Population science in the service of mankind : conference on science in the servive of life, Vienna 1979.
The great debate on population policy : an instructive entertainment
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 44 : special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki, 5-7 June, 2008
Introduction to the mathematics of population with revisions
Ageing societies : myths, challenges and opportunities
Arctic human development report : regional processes and global linkages
The state of population theory : forward from Malthus
Boom bust & echo : profiting from the demographic shift in the 21st century
Population and development modelling : proceedings of the United Nations/UNFPA Expert Group Meeting on Population and Development Modelling, Geneva, 24-28 September 1979
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Family demography : methods and their application : [papers prepared by the Committee on Family Demography and Life Cycle, Council of the International Union for Scientific Study of Population and discussed and revised at the Council's workshop, December 1984]
World migration report
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Latvijas demogrāfijas gadagrāmata 2001 = Demographic yearbook of Latvia 2001.
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2010.
Trends in international migration : annual report : 2003 edition
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 33, 1996
Human fertility in Russia since the nineteenth century
Finnish yearbook of population research 43, 2007-2008
People, population change and policies : lessons form the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 1, Family change
Population : analysis and models
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 1.
Demographic applications of event history analysis
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
Population and socio-economic development
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Demographic research in Indonesia : a review
A futurist's guide to emergency management
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
Exceptional longevity : from prehistory to the present
POPULATIE SI SOCIETATE = POPULATION ET SOCIETE : LES TRAVAUX DU COLLOQUE INTERNATIONAL DE DEMOGRAPHIE HISTORIQUE, CLUJ-NAPOCA, SEPTEMBRE 1977.
The population of Korea
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 5.
Conference on economic and demographic change : issues for the 1980's : solicited papers : Helsinki 1978 = Congrés sur les mutations économiques et démographiques : perspectives pour les années 1980 : communications sollicitées : Helsinki 1978.
Europe's population at a turning point
Aristocrats, farmers, proletarians : essays in Swedish demographic history
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 4.
Demography : the science of population
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 4.
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2004-2006
Economic factors in population growth : proceedings of a conference held by the International Association at Valescure, France
Finnish yearbook of population research. 46, 2011
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVII 2001 / [written by Marjo Kuronen ... et al.] ; language revision and translation Liisa Kosonen, Maija Mäkinen
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1993, 31
Deconcentration versus spatial clustering: changing population distribution in the Turku urban region, 1980-2005
The world fertility survey : an assessment
Historical demography
International Population Conference : ageing of population in developed countries : causes - consequences - policies, Prague, Czechoslovakia, July 4-7, 1989 : proceedings, Volume 1
A telescope on society : survey research and social science at the University of Michigan and beyond
Population and development : the demographic transition
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Bibliography of Finnish population research 1989-1990
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Problemy istoričeskoj demografii SSSR = Essays in problems of historical demography of the U.S.S.R. = Ajaloolise demograafia probleeme NSV Liidus : sbornik statej
The sixth Scandinavian demographic symposium : 16-19 June 1982 in Kungälv, Sweden. Vol 2., Studies in fertility
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
This study analyzes how the socioeconomic positions of cohabiting partners affect the transition to marriage by using information on both partners characteristics. The study uses a register-based data set compiled at Statistics Finland. The study population consists of 3,648 women born in 1966-1971 who were in a cohabiting union in January 1996, and who continued to cohabit or married their cohabiting partner during the period 1996-2003. Transition to marriage was analyzed with Cox regression model. Several control variables were included. As in previous studies, a favourable socioeconomic position encouraged marriage, as marriage rate increased with higher levels of education and income. Partners relative positions also had importance, since marriage rate was low when the female partner had high and the male partner low income, and the male partners unemployment discouraged marriage especially when the female partner had no unemployment. Marriage rate was low when both partners were studying .
Issues of the 1990s in Nordic demography : papers presented at the Eleventh Nordic Demographic Symposium 11-13 June 1995, Helsinki, Finland
Bibliography of Finnish population research 1991.
Cohabiting Partners Socioeconomic Characteristics and the Transition to Marriage in Finland
The biological and social determinants of the demographic transition
Demographic analysis
Computer software programs for demographic analysis : aspects of technical co-operation
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
An essay on the principle of population
Formal demography
Natural fertility : patterns and determinants of natural fertility : proceedings of a Seminar on natural fertility = Fecondite naturelle : niveaux et déterminants de la fécondité naturelle : actes d'un Séminaire sur la fécondité naturelle
The force of mortality at ages 80 to 120
Dynamic demographic analysis
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 29
Many urban regions in developed countries have experienced major changes during the past few decades. The deconcentration trend of urban regions has been accompanied with new processes where traditional monocentric cities have been replaced by increasingly polycentric urban constellations. This study seeks to present evidence on how Finnish urban regions have developed in recent decades using the Turku urban region as an example. The results show that the Turku urban region has indeed become more polycentric when population distribution is considered. Global socio-demographic trends, the housing careers of young families and municipal planning policies were found to affect the changing population distribution. The paper is concluded by highlighting the importance of scale in the development of Finnish urban regions. The fundamental factor in urban regional dynamics seems to be a conflict in scale, in which demographic processes influence the urban spatial structure on the regional scale whereas planning practices have predominantly effects on the municipal scale.
Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja 28 (1990) = Yearbook of population research in Finland 28 (1990)
Finnish yearbook of population research. 47, 2012
On the role of budgetary policy during demographic changes : proceedings of the 48th congress of the International Institute of Public Finance, Seoul 1992
Demographic archaeology
Development of population thought from ancient times to current policy debate
Arctic social indicators : ASI II: implementation
Emerging Joint Expertise? Multiagency Collaboration Described in Local Integration Programmes in Finland
Malthus : the life and legacies of an untimely prophet
An introduction to population
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 30, 1992
Population and family in the Low Countries. 1
Dynamics of values in fertility change
Demographic processes in the USSR : Soviet papers for the Finnish-Soviet Demographic Seminar : Helsinky, april, 1983.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 2000, 36
Population patterns in the past
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVI, 2011
Family formation in Estonia
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Multiagency collaboration is seen as an essential way of working to promote the two-way integration of newcomers and a receiving society. The term multiagency collaboration underlines the diversity of actors in cooperation. Cross-sectorial networks are mentioned in higher strategies as well as in the local programmes or plans for action. But how is multiagency work structured at the local level? This article looks at the examples of multiagency collaboration in the written documents of local integration programmes in the Finnish context. The examples are chosen from different areas. It seems that collaboration is widely emphasized as a goal or a working method. Whereas expertise in integration work is relatively novel in Finland, more analytical awareness of multiagency collaboration could support learning in networks and developing hybrid practices in this emerging field of knowledge.
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 31, 1993
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42.
New developments in the economics of population ageing
Changing age-sex composition as an indication of ethnic reidentification : the mordvins
On population : three essays
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 1.
The advancing frontier of survival : life tables for old age
The long Earth
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Introduction to multiregional mathematical demography
The dictionary of demography
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1994-1995, 32
Population bulletin of ESCWA
Novo Atlas da Língua Portuguesa : = New atlas of the portuguese language
Introduction to demography
Three Years of Networking: a Personal History of NIEPS
The bibliography covers the literature on population research published by Finnish authors in Finland and abroad during the year 2011-2013. Also included are studies by foreign authors on Finnish population. Included are independent publications and articles in periodicals and compiled works as well as nationwide Finnish statistics. In general the bibliography excludes nonscientific articles in newspapers and weeklies as well as unpublished reports and academic theses. Also not included are studies presented in proceedings of conferences held in Finland if they are written abroad and treated subjects outside Finland. Neither are comparative studies where Finland not forms a substantial part included in the bibliography. Coverage is less complete in peripheral fields.
The continuing demographic transition
A study of China's population
Perspectives of diaspora existence : Hungarian diasporas in the Carpahtian Basin - historical and current contexts of a specific diaspora interpretation and its aspects of ethnic minority protection
Finnish yearbook of population research
Demographic ageing is a reality -- within 25 years half the population of Western Europe will be over 50, one quarter over 65, and the Less Developed Countries will contain one billion elderly people. Ageing Societies examines the myths, challenges and opportunities behind these figures. Ageing Societies explores three areas: the growing necessity for extending economic activity into later life and the implications of societal ageing for the intergenerational contract and the provision of social security the changes in modern families and the implications the changes have for the provision of support and care for the ageing population the biggest demographic challenge of all: ageing in the Less Developed Countries where there is little or no infrastructure to provide long-term care or social security. Combining bio-demography, sociology, economics and development studies, Ageing Societies highlights the opportunities of an ageing population for a mature society. Age-integrated and flexible workforces, increased labour mobility, intergenerational integration, age equality and politically stable age-integrated societies are the potential benefits of a demography which will be with us for the majority of this century.
Flerspråkig demografisk ordbok = [Multilingual demographic dictionary.] : Svensk volym
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2011-2013
Demography : measuring and modeling population processes
Local worlds : rural livelihood strategies in eastern Cape, South Africa
Bibliography of population literature in the Arab world. Part 1, non-Arabic literature
Populations, projections and politics : critical and historical essays on early twentieth century population forecasting
Introduction to the mathematics of population
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. XXVIII, 1990.
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
Women's empowerment and demographic processes : moving beyond Cairo
Finnish contributions to the IUSSP conference on economic and demographic change : issues for the 1980's : Helsinki, August 28 - September 1, 1978.
Summary of the programme of action of the International Conference on Population and Development
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 33 / editor: Jarl Lindgren
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 2.
The sixth Scandinavian demographic symposium : 16-19 June 1982 in Kungälv, Sweden. Vol 3., Studies in mortality
