http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9510 ethnology
ethnology
The loggers
The peoples of Siberia
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Belonging in Oceania : Movement, Place-Making and Multiple Identifications
Method and fieldwork in a hermeneutical perspective
Nature therapy and preventive medicine
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Ethnology of the Hungarian folk
Food
Assessing the European Union science diplomacy towards India 2009-2013 : from an experimental pilot initiative into a political dialogue
China rules : globalization and political transformation / edited by Ilan Alon ... [et al]
The economics of commercial property market
Key debates in anthropology
Culture theory
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
The role of Finno-Ugric ethnology today and beyond
Arctica : essays presented to Åke Campbell 1. 5. 1956
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Talking tools : faces of aboriginal oral tradition in contemporary society
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
My grandfather is a magician : work and wisdom in an african village
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
The chroniclers
South Africa
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
The Canadians
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
Explorations : great moments of discovery from the Royal Geographical Society
Karchana : lifeworld-etnography of an Indian village
A companion to the anthropology of Europe
The American Indian
The frontiersmen
American Indians the first nations : Native North American life, myth and art
Ethnographic fieldwork : a beginner's guide
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
The miners
Ethnographic methods
The third edition of International Marketing Research is completely updated to reflect changes in both the structure and practice of international marketing research. Industry consolidation of research firms has accelerated as they strive to better serve global clients. The Internet has burst on to the scene as an alternative way to gather information and conduct surveys rapidly. Increasingly research is being conducted in developing countries as firms expand operations into markets such as India and China. The coverage of research in developing markets has been expanded in the third ed
European Economics Letters
Somali nomads : Teaching notes
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Ethnological scripts : (1990-2002)
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Local knowledge, global stage
Studies on institutions and central bank independence
Lapsia : Children
The professional stranger : an informal introduction to ethnography
Ethnographical collection from the Kiwai district of British New Guinea, in the National Museum of Finland, Helsingfors (Helsinki) : A descriptive survey of the material culture of the Kiwai people = Kansatieteellinen kokoelma Kiwai-alueelta Brittiläisessä Uudessa Guineassa, Suomen kansallismuseossa : kuvaileva katsaus kiwai-kansan aineelliseen kulttuuriin
Commentary on the exhibited material
Jewish folklore and ethnology review
Toys and games around the world
Letters from Central Australia : correspondence between the anthropologists F.J. Gillen and W. Baldwin Spencer
Patterns of race in the Americas
Torres strait islanders : an exhibition marking the centenary of the 1898 Cambridge anthropological expedition
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Ethnologia Scandinavica : a journal for Nordic ethnology. 1977
Indians of the United States : four centuries of their history and culture
Ethnography essentials : designing, conducting, and presenting your research
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects
The women
The elements of native American traditions
Fieldwork : the human experience
The white Masai
Politics of development in the Barents region
The Ammassalik Eskimo : contributions to the ethnology of the East Greenland natives. 2nd part
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
The Andaman islanders
National museum of anthropology : Mexico City
The hopi survival kit
Journal of ethnology and folkloristics
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Scripta historica. 2
The Apaches : and pueblo peoples of the Southwest
We are beyond mere excitement about Lessons for the Young Economist. It is easily the best introduction to economics for the young reader because it covers both pure economic theory and also how markets work (the domain of most introductory books). Robert Murphy has the right frame of mind and mastery of the subject matter to provide the best possible pedagogy. The logic is super clear. The organization is impeccable. It achieves a great balance between plain old economics and that aspect of economic thought that is considered particularly Austrian. Therefore, it prepares the student for both conventional economic studies in the future and provides the logical rigor and policy clarity that only the Austrian School perspective can offer. Most of the attempts at such texts falter because they are either too dry and technical for the young reader or they are littered with attempts to keep the student entertained with references to pop culture or cheesy passages that attempt to speak the child s language but only end up sounding patronizing. Dr. Murphy s text has none of this. The prose has relentless fire without needless fireworks. What drives it forward is intellectual passion born of his love of the topic. What s also nice is that he is nowhere self-consciously trying to sound like someone he is not. It is his real voice, explaining everything point by point. For this reason, the text is warm and engaging. Here is the product of vast experience and daily writing. This permits the voicing of the book to achieve a remarkable integration page to page, chapter to chapter. Though he is drawing from the whole history of the development of economics, the text ends up being strikingly original. His approach is not based on anything but his own sense of how to teach this subject.
American ethnologist
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäsukukansoista = the great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
The ranchers
Ethnologische Nachrungsforchung = Ethnological food research
Mandinko : the ethnography of a West African holy land
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
The Ammassalik Eskimo : contributions to the ethnology of the East Greenland natives. 1st part
Institutional ethnography as practice
The art of the Maasai : 300 newly discovered objects and works of art
The Chukchee
La Roumanie : atlas ethnographique = Roumania : ethnographic atlas
Koreans in Soviet Central Asia
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
The politics of world politics
Integrating corporate brands in cross-border acquisitions : serial acquirer focus
Psychosocial work factors and burnout : a study of a working general population and patients at a stress rehabilitation clinic
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
The Cherokee people : the story of the Cherokees from earliest origins to contemporary times
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
An introduction to anthropology. Vol. 2, Ethnology
Death of a witch : a village in North India 1950-1981
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
The role of social capital in HIV prevention: experiences from the Kagera region of Tanzania
Nationalities in China
Folkloristics / ethnology (þjóðfræði) in Iceland
The essential Galbraith
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Perspectives in cultural anthropology
Beyond the glass case : the past, the heritage and the public Britain
We are one : a celebration of tribal peoples
Home life among the Tamils in the Sangam age : (being the thesis submitted by the author for the M. Litt. degree, Madras University)
Four essays on implementation theory
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Living traditions : continuity and change, past and present
Global finance and the macroeconomy
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Ethnographic case studies explore what it means to ""belong"" in Oceania, as contributors consider ongoing formations of place, self and community in connection with travelling, internal and international migration. The chapters apply the multi-dimensional concepts of movement, place-making and cultural identifications to explain contemporary life in Oceanic societies. The volume closes by suggesting that constructions of multiple belongings-and, with these, the relevant forms of mobility, place-making and identifications-are being recontextualized and modified by emerging discourses of climate change and sea-level rise.
Gustaf Raquette and Qasim Akhun's letters to Kamil Efendi : ethnological and folkloristic materials from Southern Sinkiang edited and translated with explanatory notes
The tapestry of culture : an introduction to cultural anthropology
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 4, Ethnology
Samuli Paulaharjun piirroksia = The sketches of Samuli Paulaharju
Some remarks on the history of the field studies in the Komi ethnography
Ethnographic museum collections in Poland
The concept of cultural systems : a key to understanding tribes and nations
Public health nutrition
Museums and innovations
International evaluation of the Department of Molecular Medicine, National Public Health Institute 26.9.2007 = Kansanterveyslaitoksen Molekyylilääketieteen osaston kansainvälinen arviointi 26.9.2007
The tribes of Madhya Pradesh
Essays on migration
Reading ethnography
Cultural anthropology
Financial participation in Finland : incidence and determinants
A Companion to the Anthropology of Europe offers a survey of contemporary Europeanist anthropology and European ethnology, and a guide to emerging trends in this geographical field of research. Providing a synthesis of the different traditions and contemporary approaches, the book is both thematic and fully cross-European in its approach.
Zbieractwo, łowiectwo, hodowla zwierzat, transport i komunikacja ładowa : zwyczaje i obrzedy doroczne = Wild plant gathering, hunting, domestic animal breeding, transport facilities and land carriage : annual celebrations and customs
Africa
New York folklore quarterly
Scripta Aboensia : studies in folkloristics
African mythology
Norveg : tidsskrift for folkelivsgransking : journal of Norwegian ethnology
Every thing we touch : a 24-hour inventory of our lives
Customs and lifestyles of Aoluguya
Eesti rahva muuseumi 35. teaduskonverentsi materjale = Papers of the 35th Scientific conference of Estonian National Museum
Finnish folklore atlas
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings happiness
Renaissance ethnography and the invention of the human : new worlds, maps and monsters
Bilder av utställda föremål : allmogeavdelningen = Illustrations of exposed objects : peasant objects = Abbildungen von ausgestellten Gegenständen : Bauerngegenstände = Illustrations d'objets exposés : objets paysans
Building tipis & yurts : authentic designs for circular shelters
The Adivasis
Im Schatten der Akazie : Forschung in den Wüsten Afrikas : Ausstellungsbegleiter = In the shade of the Acacia : research in the African deserts : exhibition guide
The costs of raising equity ratio for banks : evidence from publicly listed banks operating in Finland
Gáldu čála : journal of indigenous peoples rights
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Scandinavian mythology : an annotated bibliography
China
Scandinavian journal of public health
Economics for business
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
A Chinese village : Taitou, Shantung province
The Texans
Initiation ceremonies : a cross-cultural study of status dramatization
Immaterial capital : ideas of human and social capital in the Older Historical School of German Political Economy
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Welsh rural communities
The Chinese mosaic : the peoples and provinces of China
Theoretical and practical research orientations in Germain economics
Ethnography and ethnic processes
Tribes of India : the struggle for survival
Turun yliopiston kansatieteen laitoksen käsikirjoitusarkiston luettelo = Catalogue of the archives of manuscripts. 1, (KTL 1-530)
Love and harmony : traditional Chinese matrimonial customs
The mystic warriors of the plains
About the Hungarian people and Hungarian folk art
Family doctors' journey to quality
New York folklore
Comments on "Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects"
In the Andamans and Nicobars : adventures in ethnology and natural history
Discovering horse-drawn vehicles
Finnish economic papers
Bordering with culture(s) : Europeanization and cultural agency at the external border of the European Union
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings longevity
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
String figures in Africa
Adam with arrows : inside New Guinea
International dictionary of regional European ethnology and folklore. Vol. 1, General ethnological concepts
Collecting, ordering, governing : anthropology, museums, and liberal government
Lluniau bywyd gwerin : photographs of folk life
The life of a South African tribe. 2, Mental life
The Island Blackhouse and a guide to "The Blackhouse" No. 42, Arnol
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Portrait of a Palestinian village : the photographs of Hilma Granqvist
Film as ethnography
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Lessons for the young economist
Oral history and life stories as a research area in Estonian history, folkloristics and ethnology
The wayfinders : why ancient wisdom matters in the modern world
The collector's eye : the Ernest Erickson Collections at the Brooklyn Museum
The forecast performance of model-free implied volatility : evidence from DAX index options
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
An economic analysis of regulation by conditional permits
Urbanity as national otherness
Essays on the measurement of economic growth
The Alaskans
International marketing research
Boundaries, believers and bodies : a cultural analysis of a multidisciplinary research community
The rivermen
Bridewealth : an ethnographic study on the narratives and descriptions of the practice of bridewealth establishing its purposes, effects and consequences among the Luo, Kikuyu, Kalenjin, Meru, Kamba, Maasai, Kisii and Luhya ethnic groups in Kenya
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
Custom and conflict in Africa
This text describes ethnographic fieldwork as the gradual accumulation of knowledge about something you don't know much about to begin with, facilitated by theoretical and methodological instruments. The book provides an easy to read introduction to quite complex ideas about knowledge.
The Inca world : ancient people and places : art, architecture, religion, everyday life, culture : the native civilizations of the Andes and South America explored in 500 paintings, drawings and photographs
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Joys and rites : customs of traditional Chinese festivals
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Defaults and recoveries in the global corporate bond markets : estimating movements over business cycles
Nordic journal of business
OECD economic outlook
Basic mathematics for economists
Guide to the exhibitions
Genealogy of Japanese self images
Ethnologia Scandinavica : a journal for Nordic ethnology. 1978
Essays in search activity
The Royal Geographical Society illustrated
