http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p952 circuit boards
circuit boards printed circuit boards
Estimating the production times in PCB assembly
Three perspectives for solving the job grouping problem
The objective of the thesis was to study the new alternative surface finishes for the printed wiring board. The results of the thesis will be used for the decision on the surface finish of the printes wiring boards for Nokia`s mobile phones. Technologies in soldering and in printed wiring board engineering are developing fast. The size of the high integration components is continously reduced. The solder areas of the components are very narrow. Sometimes too narrow solder areas result in the "black pad" phenomenon. One reason for this phenomenon can be the surface finish of the printed wiring board. This thesis proposes a basis for understanding the surface finishes of the printed wiring board and the surface finish properties that might affect printed wiring board manufacturing. A lot of effort was made to establish these properties. All available information was collected from potential finish suppliers and from other sources. The information was compared with to the manufacturing processes of surface finishes used by Nokia Mobile Phones. The correctness of the information was checked with the help of the literature and Nokia`s own information. The result of the thesis was a set of main criteria for the selection of surface finishes for the manufacturing process of mobile phone applications. This report is divided into two parts. The first part presents general theory of the pre-study of new surface finishes. This part of the work includes a short presentation of the related materials. The material selection criteria are also described at the beginning of the thesis. A lot of attention was focused on reliability, availability and environmtental considerations. The second part describes the test methods and the results of the tests. At the end of the thesis, a conclusion of the test results together with an approximation of the results. This study was begun in May 2001 and was completed within one year.
Interface circuit board for Stratix II
Video interface card for an HMI device
Computer vision in autonomous optical inspection of printed circuit boards
Improving the pickups of components on a gantry-type placement machine
Application of VSIA standards in documenting an intel 82510 based IP-block
Printed circuit board materials handbook
Grouping and sequencing PCB assembly jobs with minimum feeder setups
Flexible printed circuitry
EMC for printed circuit boards : basic and advanced design & layout techniques
NetHawk advanced PRI card with Comet PM 4351
The electronic packaging handbook
Fabrication of advanced LTCC structures for microwave devices
Surface-mount technology for PC boards
Motherboard design for an  X-ray beam profile monitor system
Boundary Scan private study material
EMC shielding
Integrated circuits and their contents : international protection
Reliability issues of direct chip attachment using no-flow underfills
XRF evaluation for failure analysis-laboratory
Principles of lithography
Emulation of a Geiger-Mueller Tube on a XILINX FPGA Board
Fabrication [2]
Optimal production planning for PCB assembly
Printed circuits handbook
Reel board software of a slot machine
On the tactical level production planning in flexible manufacturing systems
Increasing production efficiency by grouping PCB assembly jobs
GPIB controller for relays
Contemporary logic design
SMD footprint design and soldering guidelines
Computer architecture : from microprocessors to supercomputers
Printed circuit boards for microelectronics
Handbook of flexible circuits
Moisture and reflow sensitivity of multi-layer printed circuit boards
Minimizing the number of pickups on a multi-head placement machine
Optimization and measuring techniques for collect-and-place machines in printed circuit board industry
Build your own printed circuit board
Printed wiring board finishes
Low power subwoofer amplifier = Matalatehoinen siltavahvistin subwooferille
Digital design : basic concepts and principles
A comparison of group and minimum setup strategies in PCB assembly
The world of surface mount technology : a manual : technology manual
EMC and the printed circuit board : design, theory, and layout made simple
The Design of Key Finder Using Bluetooth Low Energy Technology
Soldering in electronics assembly
Electronic packaging for high reliability : low cost electronics
Exploration of SOPC design
Abstract: Display symptom analysis : Failures on the PWB-side.
Weather station : development of existing model, hardware
Method to convert Mentor HW-PWB designs to use another library system
Printed circuit board design techniques for EMC compliance : a handbook for designers
Operational and tactical level optimization in printed circuit board assembly
Electricity and magnetism
Exploration of SOPC design flow
CAD-software for printed wiring board design
PADS library reference : library listings, CAE decals, PCB decals
Development of High Voltage Power Supply for a Photomultiplier
EMC for printed circuit boards
RFID toys : cool projects for home, office, and entertainment
Phone selector box update = Puhelinvalintalaitteen päivitys
Reliability of surface mounted components
Fundamentals of digital signal processing
Relay card for capacitance measurements
Dry film photoresist prosessing technology
Documentation and test plan for the MVF186
PWB Change Effects on Paste Printing and Final Assembly
High performance printed circuit boards
The SMT step by step collection 2006 : including the lead-free-series
Demystifying chipmaking
Display symptom analysis : failures on the PWD-side
NTP server based on SoPC and GPS
Fabricating printed circuit boards
Infrared link for BTS LMT
Miniaturization of an implantable medical sensor device
Printed circuit boards : design, fabrication, assembly and testing
Fundamentals of electric circuits : lab manual
Electronic devices and circuits
Platform and application profiles for on-chip distributed architectures
Three-phase Brushless DC Motor Control
Design reuse with mentor graphics' board architect tool
Basic electronics : theory and practice
Co-verification of hardware and software for ARM SoC design
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by the Degree Programme in Information Technology in HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The aim of the study was to take a look at EMC Shielding, how it is applied and what different options there are for designers and manufacturers. This thesis also takes a look at EMC in general. In addition, it takes also discusses the EMC Directive currently in use in the EU and the requirements that need to be met before an electronic apparatus can be put into use. The main sources used for this thesis were relevant literature and also some documents found on the Internet.    The outcome of this thesis resulted in an information package that has useful knowledge about setting up EMC shielding in projects that involve electronics. Electromagnetic interference has become a serious challenge for circuit designers, and it will most likely become an even bigger problem in the future.
Digital systems design with FPGAs and CPLDs
Production planning in printed circuit board assembly
Electronic packaging : materials and their properties
Surface finish alternatives for the printed wiring board
An interactive system for scheduling jobs in electronic assembly
High bit-rate optical interconnects on printed wiring board : micro-optics and hybrid integration
JTAG boundary scan in a Bus Arbiter ASIC
PWB material comparison in board level reliability
Printed circuit board designer's reference : basics
Designing of control electronics for an automatic production tester
Development of a test fixture manufacturing process
Design for reliability
Terminal metal composition of an unencapsulated SMD plastic film capacitor
Generic standard on printed board design
Implementation of Event Subsystem based on Session Initation Protocol
Boundary scan test
Simulation-enhanced qualification of printed wiring board-level reliability in microelectronics
Flexible electronics : materials and applications
X-ray metrology in semiconductor manufacturing
Production optimization on PCB assembly lines using discrete-event simulation
Introduction to advanced system-on-chip test design and optimization
Generic standard on printed board design : amendment 1.
Optimization of the electrical switching board
Programming and customizing PICmicro microcontrollers
