http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9528 DOS
DOS
Getting started with PCs and compatibles
Encyclopedia of Jeet Kune Do : from A to Z
Brazil under the worker's party ; continuity and change from Lula to Dilma
The broken English of the immigrants in John Dos Passos' "Manhattan transfer and "Chosen country"
Dos Passos and the fiction of despair
Undocumented DOS : a programmer's guide to reserved MS-DOS functions and data structures
The companions
The last good land : Spain in American literature
An Introduction to operating systems : [including case studies in: UNIX, OS/2, MS-DOS, Macintosh, VM, MVS, open systems]
Development of a text-to-speech voice prompt generator for the Tecnomen multimessaging system
Dos Passos's early fiction, 1912-1938
Legacy of the drow
Programmer's reference manual for IBM personal computers
Self-dual codes and invariant theory
Advanced MS-DOS : the Microsoft guide for assembly language and C programmers
The "Camera eye" sections in John Dos Passos' U.S.A. : a stylistic study
Directions in PC software : applications and operating systems
The Brazilian Neo-Pentecostal Movement has impressively spread throughout the country in the past two decades and significantly diversified the evangelical landscape in the nation. Churches affiliated with this movement comprise the fastest growing segment in Brazilian evangelicalism, and Neo-Pentecostals make up nearly half of those in the Pentecostal camp. The Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus (IURD, Universal Church of the Kingdom of God) is the most well-known denomination to come out of Neo-Pentecostalism and possibly the largest contemporary missionary export from a third- world nation. Therefore, the missiological case study centers on the IURD to determine if it has actually facilitated or inhibited the successful evangelization of Brazilian society. Documents by the Lausanne Committee for World Evangelization and evangelical scholars who are in general agreement with the Lausanne Movement provide sound criteria for the necessary evangelical mission assessment. -- T.p. verso.
The PC graphics handbook
Challenging social inequality : the landless rural worker's movement and agrarian reform in Brazil
American fiction, 1920-1940 : John Dos Passos, Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner, Thomas Wolfe, Erskine Caldwell, James T. Farrell, John P. Marquand, John Steinbeck
Working with MS-DOS
Dos Passos and the ideology of the feminine
Dos Passos : artist as American
Tao of jeet kune do
Writers at work. fourth series : the Paris Review interviews
DOS 5.0 at work
DOS power tools : techniques, tricks, and utilities
The fiction of John Dos Passos
MS-DOS power user's guide
Contemporary literary criticism : excerpts from criticism of the works of today's novelists, poets, playwrights, and other creative writers. Vol. 1
Security of TCP/IP networks and testing Gateway vulnerabilities
The modernist mandate of montage : John Dos Passos' U.S.A., Soviet film theory, and the novel
Applied information security labs : a hands-on approach
Gender politics in Brazil and Chile : the role of parties in national and local policymaking
Scientific coaching for olympic taekwondo
Americanisms in John Dos Passos' novel "Manhattan transfer"
Emotion and logic in compared sequels by John Dos Passos and Konstantin Fedin
Characterization in view of the collective technique in three novels by John Dos Passos "Three soldiers", "Manhattan transfer", "U S A" including "The 42nd parallel", "1919", "The big money"
DOS programmer's reference
English summary.
The space of extremes : the do-group
The fourteenth chronicle : letters and diaries of John Dos Passos
Dos Passos : the critical inheritance
Microsoft MS-DOS 6 for the MS-DOS operating system : user's guide
Jeet Kune Do : the arsenal of self-expression
This land is ours now : social mobilization and the meanings of land in Brazil
Dos Passos : a collection of critical essays
Writing the city : urban visions & literary modernism
The utterance of America : Emersonian newness in Dos Passos' U.S.A. and Pynchon's Vineland
The pepper wreck : a Portuguese Indiaman at the mouth of the Tagus river
Adverbial forms in John Dos Passos's Manhattan transfer
Up from communism : conservative odysseys in American intellectual history
PC interrupts : a programmer's reference to BIOS, DOS and third-party calls
Chinatown jeet kune do : essential elements of Bruce Lee's martial art
DOS 5 user's guide : a comprehensive guide for every PC user
Operating system concepts
Tae kwon-do : white belt to yellow belt : the official Tae Kwon-do Association of Great Britain training manual
The best times : an informal memoir
Narrative techniques in John Dos Passos' U.S.A
The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God in South Africa : A Church of Strangers
John Dos Passos : a twentieth century odyssey
John Dos Passos : a comprehensive bibliography
Criticism of the urban way of life in John Dos Passos' Manhattan transfer
Microsoft MS-DOS 6.2 : user's guide : operating system, plus enhanced tools
Literary and philosophical essays
The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God (UCKG), a church of Brazilian origin, has been enormously successful in establishing branches and attracting followers in post-apartheid South Africa. Unlike other Pentecostal Charismatic Churches (PCC), the UCKG insists that relationships with God be devoid of 'emotions', that socialisation between members be kept to a minimum and that charity and fellowship are 'useless' in materialising God's blessings. Instead, the UCKG urges members to sacrifice large sums of money to God for delivering wealth, health, social harmony and happiness. While outsiders condemn these rituals as empty or manipulative, this book shows that they are locally meaningful, demand sincerity to work, have limits and are informed by local ideas about human bodies, agency and ontological balance. As an ethnography of people rather than of institutions, this book offers fresh insights into the mass PCC movement that has swept across Africa since the early 1990s.
Brazilian Neo-Pentecostalism and the IURD : a missiological case analysis of the Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus
Mourning modernity : literary modernism and the injuries of American capitalism
D.I.Y. : design it yourself
Soviet attitudes toward American writing
Applied networking labs : a hands-on guide to networking and server management
Microsoft MS-DOS 6 for the MS-DOS operating system
Night of the hunter
DOS® 5 : A to Z
Technique and social commentary in the early novels by John Dos Passos
Radicals in power : the Workers' Party (PT) and experiments in urban democracy in Brazil
Gerund and present participle in John Dos Passos's Manhattan transfer
The progressive era in American historical fiction : John Dos Passos' The 42nd parallel and E. L. Doctorow's Ragtime
Running PostScript from MS-D0S
John Dos Passos : politics and the writer
Memory resident utilities, interrupts, and disk management with MS and PC DOS
John Dos Passos
No pie in the sky : the hobo as American cultural hero in the works of Jack London, John Dos Passos, and Jack Kerouac
Forms of adressing people in John Dos Passos' U.S.A
American fiction 1920-1940
This edited collection interprets and assesses the transformation of Brazil under the Workers' Party. It addresses the extent of the changes the Workers' Party has brought about and examines how successful these have been, as well as how continuity and social change in Brazil have affected key domains of economy, society, and politics.
Assembly language step-by-step : programming with DOS and Linux
