http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9522 church choirs
church choirs
14 kappaletta.
The Great Service
Choral music
The Spirit of Christmas : Christmas carols sung by The Mormon Tabernacle Choir
I was glad : Cathedral music by Parry
We shall see Him as He is
My soul doth magnify the Lord
The complete anthems and services. 7
Musical style and quality serves the message
Panis angelicus : favourite motets from Westminster Cathedral
Cathedral Music
Cathedral Music by Thomas Tomkins
Gloria, RV589, for solo voices, mixed chorus and orchestra : Vocal score
Rejoice in the lamb op 30 ; A Wedding Anthem (Amo ergo sum) op 46 ; Festival Te Deum op 32 ; A Boy was born op 3
Northern lights
Lamentations and praises
Faire is the heaven : music of the English Church
Absolute heaven : essential choral masterpieces
Anthems
Cantate cantica socii : liturgy and music in Finland
The complete sacred choral works = Polnoe sobranie duhovno-muzykal'nyh proizvedenij
Hallelujah : 35 great sacred choruses
As one who has slept
Chandos anthems. Volume III
Ninth Service and Anthems
Choral and organ music
Te Deum ; Stabat mater ; Miserere ; Magnificat ; Laetatus sum
The Complete English anthems
Faire is the heaven : Hymns and Athems
Prayer to the Holy Trinity
Requiem and other sacred music
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Tikhvin Monastery
Agnus Dei : music of inner harmony : an anthology of eleven sacred choral pieces for SATB choir
Collected choral works
The Dream of Gerontius, op. 38
You can lead singing : a song leader's manual
The Best of Tallis
Carols from King's
The architectural space of choral music
The lament of the Mother of God
Visions : choral music
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part II
Sacred music
4 Coronation anthems
A Solemn musick
Chandos anthems. Volume I
The Crown of Thorns : Music from the Eton Choirbook, Vol. II
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part I
Te deum and Jubilate in D major
Älä itke minua, äitini - Pääsiäinen = Weep not for me, o mother - the Holy Easter
Music for the Chapel Royal : Verse anthems
Russian choral masterpieces
Akathist of thanksgiving : 'glory to God for everything'
Cathedral music by William Mundy
We wish you a merry christmas : A choral christmas
Chandos anthems. Volume IV
Who are these angels? : new choral music
Tudor Church Music
Russian Orthodox music
Agnus Dei : music of inner harmony
Music for Royal Occasions
Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne
A festival of psalms
Classic anthems for mixed-voice choirs
Stairway to heaven : a musical journey into peace and tranquillity
Sing, choirs! : anthems, psalms and hymns for choirs
Purcell edition III : Odes, anthems and ceremonial music
Anthems by Orlando Gibbons : Anthems and verse anthems
Chandos anthems. Volume II
Chichester psalms
The Great service
Akathist of thanksgiving
Hymns from the All-Night Vigil
Magnificat : the life of the blessed Virgin Mary in music
Gloria and other sacred music
Mary and Elisabeth at Westminster Abbey : Sisters in hope of the resurrection
