http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9534 Finnish Russians
Finnish Russians Russian Finns
Defining self : essays on emergent identities in Russia seventeenth to nineteenth centuries
The knight, the beast and the treasure : a semeiotic inquiry into the Finnish political imaginary on Russia, 1918-1930s
The Circum-Baltic languages : typology and contact. Vol. 2, Grammar and typology
The entry of Finnish officers into Russian military service 1809-1917
The finnish silversmiths of St. Petersburg : from 1703 to 1917
House of orphans
Collaboration between Japanese intelligence and the Finnish underground during the Russo-Japanese war
Rise and fall of Soviet Karelia : people and power
Russia as the subconsciousness of Finland
Aspects of human resource management in Russia : business competence, training and recruitment
Facing Finnic : some challenges to historical and contact linguistics
The House of Fabergé : workmasters & subcontactors
Kazan' Teacher's Seminary and the awakening of the Finnic peoples of the Volga-Urals region
The peoples of Lapland : boundary demarcations and interaction in the North Calotte from 1808 to 1889
Officers and artisans : Finns in Russia
Karelia and St. Petersburg : from lakeland interior to European metropolis
Fenno-Ugri et Slavi 1997 : Cultural Contacts in the Area of the Gulf of Finland in the 9th - 13th Centuries
Migration from Finland to Russia during the nineteenth century
Predely zemli i soznaniâ = Boundaries of earth and consciousness : Ingrian Finns, Karelians, Estonias and St. Petersburgs's Germans in an age of social transformation : Proceedings of the Sixth ICCEES World Congress, Tampere 2000
Ingrians and neighbours : focus on the eastern Baltic Sea region
Historica. 2
Ethnocultural rebirth and development of the Karels, Veps and Finns in the Republic of Karelia (the late 1980s - the middle 1990s)
Finnish Diaspora in Russia and Estonia: Population and Settlement Changes in the 20th Century
Vital North! : security, democracy, civil society
Knowledge is knowing how : Finnish expertise in the Russian Federation
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
Charms and charming in Europe
Finnish naturalists in Alaska during its Russian regime
Soldier, structure and the other : social relations and cultural categorisation in the memoirs of Finnish guardsmen taking part in the Russo-Turkish war, 1877-1878
The art of Fabergé
Sensible fear : Finnish reactions to the threat of a nuclear accident in Sosnovyi Bor, Russia
Health and well-being in Moscow and Helsinki
Oral memory and national identity : papers of the [International] Conference organized by the Institute of Language and Literature of the Estonian Academy of Sciences & the National Language Board of the Republic of Estonia in Tallinn, September 18-19, 1993.
The Circum-Baltic languages : typology and contact. Vol. 1, [Past and present]
The Finnish Guard in the Balkans : heroism, imperial loyalty and finnishness in the Russo-Turkish war of 1877-1878 as recollected in the memoirs of Finnish guardsmen
Beyond the frontiers of imperial Russia : from the memoirs of Otto W. Lindholm
The dispersal of the Ingrian Finns
From the grand duchy of Finland to Sitka, Russian America, territory of Alaska to Baku & Astrakhan on the Caspian Sea : the journeys of 3 women & 5 men 1859-1895
Systems in contact, system in motion : the assimilation of Russian verbs in the Baltic Finnic languages of Russia
The East Finnic minorities in the Soviet Union : an appraisal of the erosive trends
Images and mutual perceptions of the Finns, the Estonians and the Russians in the 20th century
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
"Våra landsmän" : Finnish officers in Russian service, 1809-1917 : a selection of documents
Russian women in Denmark : between integration and marginality
Historica. 3
The security of Finnish companies in St. Petersburg
The survivors : North American Finns in Russian Karelia
The Finnish Guard in the Balkans : heroism, imperial loyalty and Finnishness in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878 as recollected in the memoirs of Finnish guardsmen
Profiling business networks oriented to Russia : tools for quick test, risk analysis and skill profiles
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Syntactic transfer, contact-induced change, and the evolution of bilingual mixed codes : focus on Karelian-Russian language alternation
Summary.
No home for us here : the mass annihilation of the Finnish border-hoppers in the Urals in 1938
On behalf of the emperor, on behalf of the fatherland : Finnish officers and soldiers of the Russian Imperial Life-Guard on the battlefields of Poland, 1831
Russian and eastern Balto-Finnic linguistic contacts
Dorevolûcionnaâ Kazan' : missionerskoe prosveŝenie i issledovanie narodov Povolž'â = Prerevolutionary Kazan : missionary education and study of the Volga native peoples
Demystifying Russian drinking : comparative studies from the 1990s
The Finnish population of the medieval cities of Northern Russia
From fugitive peasants to diaspora : the Eastern Mari in tsarist and federal Russia
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
"Jussi Jalonen's On Behalf of the Emperor, On Behalf of the Fatherland approaches the Russian suppression of the Polish Uprising in 1830-1831 from a new transnational perspective. The Russian mobilization involved people from the farthest reaches of the Empire, and one notable group was the Finnish Battalion of the Imperial Guard. For the Finnish elites, the war was a demonstration of loyalty to the Tsar, and the service of young Finnish gentlemen in the Russian Guards produced a sense of militarized patriotism. Relying on a rich variety of original sources, this study places the campaign in Poland in the context of the development of Finnish national awareness, providing a unique portrayal of 19th century war experience and nationalism"--Provided by publisher.
Determinants of knowledge-intensive entrepreneurship in Southeast Finland and Northwest Russia
Planning a new standard language : Finnic minority languages meet the new millennium
Statesman's handbook for Russia. 1, Vol. I
Transfigurations : Finns in Russian America
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
Culture in business interaction : an individual perspective : empirical studies in Finnish-Russian business relationships
The era of Fabergé
Russia as a land of opportunity for Finns
Finland in Europe
The Finns of St. Petersburg
