http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9539 employment (legal relationship)
employment (legal relationship)
Avenir guide to Russian labor law and HR administration
Essays on labor market dynamics
International conflicts of labour law : a survey of the law applicable to the international employment relation
Abstract.
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
Variation of terms of employment contracts
Legal regulation of the employment relation
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
From insecure to secure employment : changes in work, health, health related behaviours, and sickness absence
Working life : a new perspective on labour law
How to win friends and influence people
Young women in Japan : transitions to adulthood
Exit from Finnish industry - does education matter?
The cruelest month
New directions in organizational psychology and behavioural medicine
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
Heritage of conflict : labor relations in the nonferrous metals industry up to 1930
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Economy and job contract as contexts of sickness absence practices : revisiting locality and habitus
Labour law in Denmark
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
The law of master and servant
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
Flexibility in practice : women's employment and pay in retail and finance
David Mitrany’s Functionalist Theory: a tool in examining how cross border cooperation can improve the international relations between the EU and its external border regions
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Labour law in motion : diversification of the labour force & terms and conditions of employment
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Employment law : 1998 pocket part. Vol. 1, Chapters 1-6
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Care resources, employment and gender equality in Norway
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
The law applicable to international labour relations
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Sales force management : leadership, innovation, technology
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
Influences of career concept changes in organisational and individual  career management practices
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Is Finland different? Quality of Work Among Finnish and European Employees
The Employment Protection Act 1975
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Psychological contract
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Japan at work : markets, management and flexibility
The Effect of Trade Unionism on Workers : A Case Study on PAM
Playing with labour rights : music player and game console manufacturing in China
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
This is a guide for business and brand builders who need to strengthen their approach to online B2C community management and customer engagement. Perkins explains how to build an engaging community strategy and provides ways to retain customers, create compelling content, and track results. You'll learn how to create an online community and entice new members to join; the online locales where you should be hosting your community; why content is essential to community and how to determine what types of content will best fit the needs of your consumers; why community can be a tremendous source of consumer insight; how to ensure that your brand consistently delivers on its promises; how to develop a holistic community strategy and effectively manage resources through an agile approach; frameworks to support execution of a community strategy; how to define the role of community manager and hire for it. --$cEdited summary from book.
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
Psychological contracts in employment : cross-national perspectives
The psychological contract : managing and developing professional groups
Employee relations
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings : a literature review
Health inequalities in the workforce : the labour market core-periphery structure
Contingent work : American employment relations in transition
Temporary employment and risk of overall and cause-specific mortality
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Flirting with disaster
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Improving human resource management practices in Finland for immigrant workers
Developing a teleworking pilot project through the participants’ socio-demographic aspects
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
FOCAC twelve years later : achievements, challenges and the way forward
The evolving employment relationship and the new economy : the role of labour law and industrial relations : a report from 5 continents
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Employment Law at the European Court of Justice
"Twelve years have passed since the establishment of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), an event that marked an important milestone in China-Africa relations. The forum is a platform to promote mutually beneficial South-South cooperation between China and Africa, based on mutual respect and non-interference in the internal affairs of African countries. In its ten year existence, FOCAC has achieved in deepening China-Africa relations in the economic field. Trade, investment, infrastructure and capacity building have been comprehensively promoted. But as FOCAC prepares to enter the second decade, a number of steps must be taken by Chinese and African partners to improve the current institutional arrangement by expanding space for private sector and civil society participation in decision-making and by increasing the frequency of follow-up processes to ensure effective implementation of agreed upon targets." --Publisher's description.
Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business.
Employer perception of temporary agency employees : case Manpower Oy
Työsuhteen malliasiakirjat = Modeller för anställningsdokument = Model contracts of employment relationship
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Me before you
Temporary work and labour law : of the European Community and member states
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Industrial relations & politics in Britain 1880-1989
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Developing relationships in business networks
Finnish relations with Russia 1991-2001 / Better than ever?
Phony equality : labour standards of mobile phone manufactures in India
Employment law
Industrial relations : theory and practice
The problematic and unproblematic second job
Social problems in labor relations : a case book
European labour law
Sisällysluettelo: 1 The background  5 2 Aspects of the relation  9 2.1 The Northern Dimension  9 2.2 Economic Relations  13 2.3 Policies on Near-By Areas  20 2.4 Environmental Co-operation  20 2.5 Security: selected aspects  213 Conlusions  23 Sources  24  .
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
The Development of Intercultural Relationships at Work: Polish Migrant Workers in Finland
Working in Finland
Essays on individual wage differences and firm wage policies
Internet as a trade union tool : WageIndicator and Finnish nurses as an example
Value co-creation through transparent buyer-supplier relationships : a case study in the supply network of industrial machinery manufacturer
Temporary work in modern society. 3, Proceedings of the international conference Geneva 2-3 May 1978 at International Labour Office
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Stress at work : stress management
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
From insecure to secure employment : changes in work, health, health related behaviours and sickness absence
Grant information for researchers
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
People resourcing : contemporary HRM in practice
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Librarians as community partners : an outreach handbook
Term length and the quality of appointments
The employment relationship : examining psychological and contextual perspectives
Transferability of human capital and job switches
Labour law in the Netherlands
Temporary employment of migrants in Europe
Theoretical perspectives on work and the employment relationship
The law of waiver, variation and estoppel
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
A handbook of human resource management practice
Finnish labour law in practice [Talentum- verkkokirjahylly]
Law of employment
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Value co-creation in industrial buyer-seller partnerships - creating and exploiting interdependencies : an empirical case study
Industrial relations in small and medium-sized enterprises : final report
The law of the international civil service : (as applied by international administrative tribunals) : C.F. Amerasinghe. Vol. 1.
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Strategic sales process adaptation : relationship orientation of the sales process in a business-to-business context
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
Employment review as a support of human resource management
Sugar and spice
Main terms of employment relationship in the United Kingdom and in Finland
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Lifetime allocation of work and income : essays in the economics of aging
Compendium of EC employment and social security law
Co-branding through successful partner selection : case Royal Philips Electronics
Finnish labour law in practice
Human resource management in the hospitality and tourism industry
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Termination of employment relationships : legal situation in the member states of the European Union : addendum - annexes
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Selection from fixed term to permanent employment : prospective study on health, job satisfaction, and behavioural risks
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
The true love quilting club
The protection of working relationships : a comparative study
Labor law in the Netherlands
Labour reform and private participation in public-sector ports
Report. 2, Terms and conditions of employment of part-time and temporary workers in the public service
White-collar sweatshop : the deterioration of work and its rewards in corporate America
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
Disparity in occupational training and career planning between contingent and permanent employees
Privacy and employment law
The Finnish labour legislation
The community manager's playbook : how to build brand awareness and customer engagement
The legal construction of personal work relations
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
Summary.
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
Britain, Germany and the future of the European Union
Atypical employment and gender in Finland
Naiset joustavilla työmarkkinoilla : tapaustutkimus naisten kokemuksista epätyypillisestä työsuhteesta siivouspalveluyrityksessä = Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business
Managing employment change : the new realities of work
Matilda's wedding
Civil services in the accession states : new trends and the impact of the integration process
Employment law : 1998 pocket part. Vol. 2, Chapters 7-end, table of cases, table of statutes
Introducing human resource management
Reflexive labour law : studies in industrial relations and employment regulation
Changes in job stability : evidence from lifetime job histories
Human resource management
New challenges for European human resource management
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Motivation and occupational stress factors in atypical work relationships : Case Polarkesti: Ice Hockey World Championships
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
The law of employment : A summary of the rights of employers and employees
Keeper of the bride
How to arrange HRM-functions in micro-size enterprises : case study TT-Paperi Oy
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
International business : the new realities
Early Finnish-Canadian coal mining communities in Wellington, Extension, Ladysmith, Nanaimo, and Chase River
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Gender and family among transnational professionals
Job tenure in Finnish industry
Temporary-employment business : comparative study of provisions laid down by law and regulation in force in the member states of the European Communities
