http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9536 automatons
automatons
Musical boxes
Arcadia : slot machines of Europe and America
Optimising cow traffic in automatic milking systems : with emphasis on feeding patterns, cow welfare and productivity
Introduction to automata theory, languages, and computation
An objective statistical method to estimate lameness severity and duration based on weight distribution measurements
Combinatorics on words
Elementary Lie group analysis and ordinary differential equations
The universal Turing machine : a half-century survey
Lost works, last works
The First North American Conference on precision dairy management, March 2-5, 2010, Toronto, Canada = The Second North American Conference on Robotic Milking = Progressive Dairy Operators' First Triennial Conference "Technology for Today and the Future"
Cornerstones of undecidability
New constructions in cellular automata
Universal turing machine : a half-century survey
Automata, languages and programming : 19th International Colloquium, Wien, Austria, July 13-17, 1992 : proceedings
Hilbert's tenth problem
The undiscovered country : a sequence of spirit-messages describing death and the after-world : selected from published and unpublished automatic writings, 1874-1918
Automata, Formal languages, and related topics : dedicated to Ferenc Gécseg on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Building Suomen Käteisnosto Oy's Anna brand and creating a brand manual for the brand
Tuning light knock limits on SG engines
Introduction to the theory of computation
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
Artificial life : the quest for a new creation
Electronic navigation systems
Pianola : the history of the self-playing piano
Reel board software of a slot machine
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
Adlard Coles Book of Electronic Navigation
A legal theory for autonomous artificial agents
Subshifts with simple cellular automata
Foundations of computing
Theory is Forever : Essays Dedicated to Arto Salomaa on the occassion of His 70th Birthday
Conservation laws in cellular automata
Introduction to automata theory, languages and computation
Music of the streets : mechanical street entertainment
The roaring 20's
Customer participation in retail : focus on automated services
The infrastructure of everyday environmentalism : Tomra and the reverse vending machine, 1970-2000
Automata, languages and programming : 21st international colloquium, ICALP 94, Jerusalem, Israel, July 11-14, 1994 : proceedings
The Sirius papers
Automata & mechanical toys : an illustrated history
Infinite words : automata, semigroups, logic and games
The Jaquet-Droz mechanical puppets
Music boxes : the collector's guide to selecting, restoring and enjoying new and vintage music boxes
Slot machines
The Worldns Great Guns
Automata, languages and programming : 20th international colloquium, ICALP 93, Lund, Sweden, July 5-9, 1993 : proceedings
How to improve acquiring of customer feedback in Raha-automaattiyhdistys
On the inclusion problem for very simple deterministic pushdown automata
Cellular automata : theory and experiment
Word processing in groups
21st International Workshop on Cellular Automata and Discrete Complex Systems : exploratory papers of AUTOMATA 2015
Automata and computability
Proceedings of JAC 2010, Journées Automates Cellulaires, December 15-17, 2010, Turku, Finland
Measurement and instrumentation : theory and application
Has W. T. Stead returned? : a symposium
Medieval robots : mechanism, magic, nature, and art
Languages and machines : an introduction to the theory of computer science
Possibity of transferring the bill payment terminal (maksuautomaatti) form of payment technology from Finland to the Nigerian banking industry
Casino gambling for the clueless : a beginner's guide to playing and winning
CHILTON'S GUIDE TO AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION REPAIR
Clockwork music : an illustrated history of mechanical musical instruments from the musical box to the pianola, from Automaton Lady Virginal players to Orchestrion
Automata, Languages and Programming : 31st International Colloquium, ICALP 2004 : Turku, Finland, July 12-16, 2004 : proceedings
Gaining cometitive advantage for a DVD vending machine
Automatic milking and grazing : factors and stimuli affecting cow motivation to visit the milking unit
The pianolist : a guide for pianola players
Encyclopedia of automatic musical instruments
Computer arithmetic on quantum-dot cellular automata nanotechnology
Computability & unsolvability
World Encyclopaedia of Modern Air Weapons
Jewels of stringology
On undecidable dynamical properties of reversible one-dimensional cellular automata
Discrete mathematics
Automated Teller Machine network market structure and cash usage
Casino gambling : how to beat the house at its own game
Essentials of modern measurements and final elements in the process industry : a guide to design, configuration, installation, and maintenance
Enumerability, decidability, computability : an introduction to the theory of recursive functions
Fuzzy control and identification
A cash withdrawal service is simple and it is relatively hard for Suomen Käteisnosto Oy (later Käteisnosto) to differentiate from its competitors on the Finnish ATM market. Käteisnosto's brand had a name and a logo, but the brand had not been clearly defined. The aim of the thesis was to build Käteisnosto's Anna brand and develop a brand manual that clearly and concisely describes the brand, and will help to understand, manage and communicate the brand.    The conceptual framework of the thesis was created by combining two branding theories by Knapp and Aaker, supplemented with a more detailed description of brand identity and value proposition. According to the created model there are four major steps in branding: assessment, creating brand identity and value proposition, communication, and the future. The first step provides the required information for building the brand and creating the brand manual, which are accomplished in the second and third step. Future is beyond the scope of the thesis.    In order to get all the information required to build the brand and create the brand manual both external and internal viewpoints were necessary. The external viewpoint was acquired by conducting semi-structured interviews to ten potential customers. The internal viewpoint, in turn, was Käteisnosto's view, given by the author.     The results of both viewpoints indicated most importantly that Anna's potential customers are used to free service and its importance is significant. As Käteisnosto cannot provide free service, Annas should be placed in locations where they are visible and easily found, and there is a substantial need for cash but no ATMs close by. Anna should always be available and work properly by avoiding running out of cash. Anna should also be safe, and easy and fast to use.    The created brand manual clearly and concisely describes the newly built Anna brand, which is from now on referred to as Anna ATM. The soul of Anna ATM is to provide service, be convenient, be available, be safe and be dependable. Anna ATM's promise is crystallized in "Always conveniently cash", which is part of the new logo and accompanies "Anna ATM" on every occasion that represents the brand or the company behind the brand.    The brand image of Anna ATM is currently very vague and somewhat incorrect. Already in good time before the proper launch of the Anna ATM brand and the actual ATMs the brand manual should be distributed to all parties that represent Anna ATM so that the correct image can be built. After the launch, Käteisnosto should conduct further customer research in order to find out Anna ATM's brand image. If the image is not in line with the brand identity, Käteisnosto should try to correct it.
Transmission : a meditation for the new age
Introduction to automatic milking system in Finland : effect on milk quality
The casino handbook
Machine milking and lactation
