http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9545 natural products
natural products
Assessment of in-house natural product and synthetic compound libraries based on in vitro inhibition of cholinesterases
Rattan : current research issues and prospects for conservation and sustainable development : based on the outcome of the FAO Expert Consultation on Rattan Development held at FAO, Rome, Italy 5-7 December 2000
Screening of marine natural products and their synthetic derivatives for antimicrobial and antiproliferative properties
The world of organic agriculture : statistics and emerging trends 2004
Sustainability : how the cosmetics industry is greening up
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Wild Berries Naturally
Organic fruit and vegetables from the tropics : markets, certification and production information for producers and international trading companies
Herbal principles in cosmetics : properties and mechanisms of action
Diagnosing Wild Species Harvest bridges gaps of knowledge fragmented among scientific disciplines as it addresses this multifaceted phenomenon that is simultaneously global and local. The authors emphasize the interwoven nature of issues specific to the ecological, economic, and socio-cultural realms of wild species harvest. The book presents the diagnosing wild species harvest procedure as a universal approach that integrates seven thematic perspectives to harvest systems: resource dynamics, costs and benefits, management, governance, knowledge, spatiality, and legacies. When analyzed, these themes help to build a holistic understanding of this globally important phenomenon. Scholars, professionals and students in various fields related to natural resources will find the book a valuable resource. Wild species form important resources for people worldwide, and their harvest is a major driver of ecosystem change. Tropical forests regions, including Amazonia, are among those parts of the world where wild species are particularly important for people's livelihoods and larger economies. This book draws on tangible experiences from Amazonia, presented in lively narratives intermingling scientific information with stories of the people engaged in harvest and management of wild species.
A Proceedings of WOCMAP III: the IIIrd World Congress on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants, Chiang Mai, Thailand, February 3-7, 2003 : targeted screening of MAPs, economics and law
Wild food
The omnivore's dilemma : a natural history of four meals
The world of organic agriculture : statistics and emerging trends 2010
Wholefoods : with recipes for health and healing
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 4, Amino acids, peptides, porphyrins, and alkaloids
Food for free
Diagnosing wild species harvest : resource use and conservation
Natural recipes for perfect skin : cosmetic masks and lotions that are good enough to eat
Natural products : discourse, diversity, and design
The world of organic agriculture : statistics and emerging trends 2009
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Natural Preservatives in Food Systems : Princeton, USA, March 30-31, 2005
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 6, Prebiotic chemistry, molecular fossils, nucleosides, and RNA
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 7, DNA and aspects of molecular biology
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 3, Organic producer initiatives and rural development - four European case studies
Bioactivity of basil
Skin secrets : discover healthy, beautiful skin
Organic food and beverages : world supply and major European markets
Natural cosmetics as an innovation : Nivea's Pure&Natural products as an example
Organic food in the European Union : production, consumption and the development of markets
Modelling bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland : different approaches to develop models for forest planning calculations
Encyclopedia of marine natural products. Vol. 2, Porifera, Cnidaria, and Ctenophora
Authentic wine : toward natural and sustainable winemaking
The essential guide to natural skin care : choosing botanicals, oils & extracts for simple & healthy beauty
Use less stuff : environmental solutions for who we really are
Renewable raw materials : new feedstocks for the chemical industry
Encyclopedia of marine natural products. Vol. 3, Protostomes and Deuterostomes
The world of organic agriculture : statistics and emerging trends 2007
"From the kitchen to the nursery, from your medicine cabinet to your makeup drawer, you'll be astounded by how easy and inexpensive it is to make safe and eco-friendly products for your family." -- publisher's description.
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 5, European market for organic food : revised and updated analysis
Product sketches : from rough to refined
Formulating, packaking, and marketing of natural cosmetic products
Forest food chain and dose model (FDMF) for RODOS : model description = Metsien säteilytilanteen annoslaskentamalli (FDMF) päätöksenteon tukijärjestelmässä RODOS : mallin kuvaus
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 8, Miscellaneous natural products including marine natural products, pheromones, plant hormones, and aspects of ecology
Non-wood forest products, health and well-being : 12th-13th of November 2013, Espoo, Finland
Marketing to the new natural consumer : understanding trends in wellness
Encyclopedia of common natural ingredients used in food, drugs, and cosmetics
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Cuisine santé : the new cookery for healthy gourmet eating
LC-MS analysis of plant-derived bioactive constituents : Recent advancement in qualitative and quantitative analysis of phytochemicals and their metabolites using LC-MS
Plant resins : chemistry, evolution, ecology, and ethnobotany
Some examples of natural products in the Eastern Arc Mountains
The world of organic agriculture : statistics and emerging trends 2006
A green guide to natural beauty : 35 step-by step projects for homemade beauty
The holistic beauty book : over 100 natural recipes for gorgeous healthy skin
A Proceedings of WOCMAP III: the IIIrd World Congress on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants, Chiang Mai, Thailand, February 3-7, 2003 : perspectives in natural product chemistry
Potential marketing area for ecological construction board in France
Ecolabels and the greening of the food market
Naturals and organics in cosmetics : trends and technology
Thorsons organic consumer guide : food you can trust
Machine vision for the inspection of natural products
"Natural Products: Discourse, Diversity and Design provides an informative and accessible overview of discoveries in the area of natural products in the genomic era, bringing together advances across the kingdoms. As genomics data makes it increasingly clear that the genomes of microbes and plants contain far more genes for natural product synthesis than had been predicted from the numbers of previously identified metabolites, the potential of these organisms to synthesize diverse natural products is likely to be far greater than previously envisaged. Natural Products addresses not only the philosophical questions of the natural role of these metabolites, but also the evolution of single and multiple pathways, and how these pathways and products may be harnessed to aid discovery of new bioactives and modes of action. Edited by recognized leaders in the fields of plant and microbial biology, bioorganic chemistry and natural products chemistry, and with contributions from researchers at top labs around the world, Natural Products is unprecedented in its combination of disciplines and the breadth of its coverage. Natural Produces: Discourse, Diversity and Design will appeal to advanced students and experienced researchers, from academia to industry, in diverse areas including ecology, industrial biotechnology, drug discovery, medicinal chemistry, agronomy, crop improvement, and natural product chemistry"--Provided by publisher.
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 5, Enzymes, enzyme mechanisms, proteins, and aspects of NO chemistry
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 2, Isoprenoids including carotenoids and steroids
Emphasizes the interwoven nature of issues specific to the ecological, economic, and socio-cultural realms of wild species harvest. This book presents the diagnosing wild species harvest procedure as a universal approach that integrates seven thematic perspectives to harvest systems: resource dynamics, costs and benefits, and management.
Non-timber products from tropical forests : evaluation of a conservation and development strategy
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 9, Cumulative indexes
Out of nature : why drugs from plants matter to the future of humanity
Resource assessment of non-wood forest products : experience and biometric principles
A Proceedings of WOCMAP III: the IIIrd World Congress on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants, Chiang Mai, Thailand, February 3-7, 2003 : quality, efficacy, safety, processing and trade in MAPs
The world of organic agriculture : statistics and emerging trends 2011 / [Helga Willer  and Lukas Kilcher (eds.)]
The Cranks recipe book
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 6, Guide to successful organic marketing initiatives
Organic & wholefoods : naturally delicious cuisine
Toward sustainable aagriculture and food production : a vision for the future viability of food production, processing and marketing
Confessions of an eco-sinner : travels to find my stuff comes from
Comprehensive natural products chemistry. Vol. 3, Carbohydrates and their derivatives including tannins, cellulose, and related lignins
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
The handbook of organic and fair trade food marketing
Do it gorgeously : how to make less toxic, less expensive, and more beautiful products
Foraging for Nordic wild food : introducing Nordic island terroir
Natural products and molecular therapy
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Basil : the genus Ocimum
Manuka : the biography of an extraordinary honey
The UK green growers guide
The biology-chemistry interface : a tribute to Koji Nakanishi
Current issues in resource accounting
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Medicinal Plants and Natural Products : Quito, Ecuador, December 3-6, 2012
Encyclopedia of marine natural products. Vol. 1, general aspects, microorganisms, algae, and fungi
Proceedings of the 25th International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 13, New and specialized crops and products, botanic gardens and human-horticulture relationship
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Quality and Safety Issues Related to Botanicals : University, MS, USA, Augusti 15-18, 2005
Green beauty recipes : easy homemade recipes to make your own natural & organic skincare, hair care, and body care products
Use and potential of wild plants in farm households
Feasting free on wild edibles : a one-volume edition of "Free for the eating" and "More free-for-the-eating wild foods"
Tailoring the adhesion in viscose fiber reinforced polypropylene and polyamide composites
Proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet Symposium on [Non-]Timber Forest Resources in Jyväskylä, Finland, 25-29 August 1986
Natural product chemistry for drug discovery
