http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9549 care insurance
care insurance
Financing health care in the 1990s
Estonian dentists' motivation to prevent and treat dental diseases of children and adolescent patients
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
Medicare and medicaid claims and procedures. Vol. 1 : sections 1 to 609
Business crime : its nature and control
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
The economics of health and health care
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2003 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2003.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Studies on filed and compensated claims for patient injuries
Summary: Occurence and costs of asthma are increasing.
Money saving handbook
Studies in health insurance and econometrics
Summary: The medicines-related injuries insurance in Finland.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Health care reform and globalisation : the US, China, and Europe in comparative perspective
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Management and Leadership in the Public Dental Service in Finland between 2003 and 2011
"In the post-Cold War, post financial crisis era, health care is an issue of critical political, personal and economic concern. In the US, plans to address a troubled health care model were met by vocal opposition. In the UK and post-communist Europe, attempts to introduce aspects of that model have resulted in controversy and violent protests, while China and Russia have recently backpedalled on marketising reforms. This innovative book provides a timely analysis addressing the many dimensions of radical health care change. Bringing together three major geopolitical regions with strikingly different recent histories, this international cast of contributors, examines reform in US, China and Europe within a single study frame. They look at the processes that have been involved when countries with such diverse starting points try to move towards a globally shared health care framework. An underlying theme running through the chapters is access to care, and how it is shaped by moral economies, by what can be said and known, and by political and economic power. Health Care Reform and Globalisation confronts the interpretations and experiences of patients, professionals, and politicians of health care transformation in practice. It will be of interest to scholars from a range of diverse disciplinary backgrounds, including public health, anthropology, area studies, sociology, politics, social policy, geography and economics"--Provided by publisher.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
Handbook of asset and liability management. Vol. 2, applications and case studies
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Medical responsibility in Western Europe : research study of the European Science Foundation
Focus on personal finance : an active approach to help you develop successful financial skills
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Utilisation of maternity care in rural China : affordability and quality
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Utilisation of maternity care in rural China: Affordability and Quality
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Improving financial education and awareness on insurance and private pensions
Abstract in English.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
English summary.
Long-term follow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
Summary: Memorandum (Final report) of the Working Group Investigating the Significance of Non-Institutional and Institutional Care.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
The Economics of health and health care
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance ; Optimal insurance : an application to Swedish dental insurance in 1993
Malpractice claims for permanent nerve injuries related to third molar removals
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Health care reform : learning from international experience
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Social policy in the modern world : a comparative text
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
