http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9543 handbooks
handbooks
Handbook of Research on Entrepreneurship and Regional Development
The radio amateur's handbook
IMPLEMENTATION OF DQN® QUALITY HANDBOOK FOR A DMC COMPANY: Case Safartica
The encyclopedia of management
Coaching manual for Helsinki Giants handball club
A student's writing guide : how to plan and write successful essays
Good practices handbook
Mathematics : a basic introduction
Parish nursing : a handbook for the new millennium
The Hockey goalie's handbook : the authoritative guide for players and coaches
Handbook on E-marketing for tourism destinations
Handbook of optics. Vol. 3, Classical optics, vision optics, X-ray optics
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
Tibet : a handbook
Contemporary sport psychology is a rapidly developing and theoretically rich discipline, and a sophisticated and challenging profession. The Routledge International Handbook of Sport Psychology offers a comprehensive and authoritative guide to contemporary sport psychology in all its aspects. Written by a team of world-leading researchers and practitioners from five continents, including both established scholars and the best emerging talents, the book traces the contours of the discipline of sport psychology, introducing fundamental theory, discussing key issues in applied practice, and exploring the most important themes, topics and debates across the sport psychology curriculum. Uniquely, the book presents comparative studies of the history and contemporary practice of sport psychology in ten countries, including the US, UK, China, Japan, Brazil, Russia and Israel, helping the reader to understand the cultural and contextual factors that shape international practice in sport psychology. As well as covering in depth the core pillars of sport psychology, from motivation and cognition to group dynamics, the book also includes a full section on cultural sport psychology, a vital but under-explored sub-discipline that is having a profound influence on contemporary theory and practice. With 56 chapters and unparalleled range, depth and currency, the Routledge Handbook of International Sport Psychology is an essential addition to any library with a serious holding in sport psychology.
The writer's handbook
The VES handbook of visual effects : industry standard VFX practices and procedures
Handbook of clinical child psychology
Ice hockey instructor's guide for EC Dornbirner Bulldogs
A handbook of English in engineering usage
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
The advanced cyclist's training manual : fitness and skills for every rider
Developing a TQM for a company : First Initiative for PhemssalTech Ventures in Lagos, Nigeria
Instrumentation reference book
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Handbook of social psychology. Vol. 2, Special fields and applications
A handbook of management
Handbook of optics. Vol. 1, Fundamentals, techniques, and design
Dudley's gear handbook
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
General chemistry in the laboratory
The golden encyclopaedia of geography
Handbook of mathematics
United smile : your Nordic 2008 guide : a football tourist's handbook
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
The electrical engineer's handbook : a convenient reference book for all persons interested in electricity and magnetism, dynamos and motors, electric lighting, interior wiring power transmission and operation and maintenance of electrical apparatus
TPS junior hockey coach manual
Politics : an introduction
The complete A-Z business studies handbook
Ugly's electrical references
Finland handbook 2004 : sales guide for the travel trade
The sponsorship handbook : essential tools, tips and techniques for sponsors and sponsorship seekers
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 4
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 3
UK : the official yearbook of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Handbook of number theory
Handbook of geochemistry. Vol. 2:5
A pocket guide to clinical midwifery : the efficient midwife
How to run seminars and workshops : presentation skills for consultants, trainers, and teachers
Electromechanical design handbook
Are you struggling to meet your coursework deadlines? Finding it hard to get to grips with your essay topics? Does your writing sometimes lack structure and style? Would you like to improve your grades? This text covers everything a student needs to know about writing essays and papers in the humanities and social sciences. Starting from the common difficulties students face, it gives practical examples of all the stages necessary to produce a good piece of academic work: * interpreting assignment topics * drawing on your own experience and background * reading analytically and taking efficient notes * developing your argument through introductions, middles and conclusions * evaluating and using online resources * understanding the conventions of academic culture * honing your ideas into clear, vigorous English. This book will provide you with all the tools and insights you need to write confident, convincing essays and coursework papers.
Handbook of geochemistry. Vol. 2:2
The Development of a Quality Handbook as a Tool for a Quality Management System: Case ProMedical Ltd
The definitive personal assistant & secretarial handbook
Handbook of research on school supervision
The shadowhunter's codex : being a record of the ways and laws of the Nephilim, the chosen of the Angel Raziel
The sage handbook of tourism studies
The new papyrological primer
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
The handbook of cognition and assessment : frameworks, methodologies, and applications
Appreciative inquiry handbook : for leaders of change
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Standard handbook of machine design
The Bloomsbury companion to philosophy of mind
The Thames and Hudson manual of textile printing
Secret agent's handbook
The Far East and Australasia 2001.
Dimensions of food
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
The art of Western riding
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
Handbook of early childhood teacher education
Handbook of optics. Vol. 4, Fiber optics and nonlinear optics
The definitive executive assistant and managerial handbook : a professional guide to leadership for all PAs, senior secretaries, office managers and executive assistants
SAE handbook 1980. Part 1.
Handbook of geochemistry. Vol. 2:4
This handbook gives a new scientific perspective to youth and childhood studies as multi scientific and interdisciplinary subjects which as such have not yet found their own framing in a particular discipline. It provides theoretical and methodological key debates and issues that develop and add an understanding of childhood and youth research discipline from a broader perspective. The Handbook on Children and Youth Studies draws on current thinking, but also challenges theoretical and conceptual orthodoxies in the field, drawing on interdisciplinary thinking and critical perspectives. It focuses on childhood and youth to address the emerging consensus that the boundaries between childhood, youth and adulthood are blurred. The view that defining youth and childhood largely in terms of problem topics is out dated. Instead, the handbook focuses on 13 themes that are open to international perspectives and to different conceptual approaches. Each theme is edited by a pair of field editors, thereby capturing a plurality of views. The 13 themes as a starting point are globally timely and they need scientific debates on the boundaries between childhoods, youth and adulthood. This handbook will meet the needs of childhood and youth researchers and the academics in the field. It recognizes the changing social context of the lives of children and young people, while developing theoretical frameworks and discussing about the core substantive issues of Children and Youth Studies.
Quality Manual for the Sales Department and Internal Information Flow within Arctic Finland House
SAE handbook 1980. Part 2.
Routledge handbook of the sociology of sport
Staff nurse survival guide
Chinese history : a manual
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
An A-Z of food and wine in plain English
Directing the documentary
Coach development program. level I, Coach manual
How to run seminars & workshops : presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
USA hockey officials manual. level 2
The newspapers handbook
Recent research has found pronounced differences in the level of entrepreneurship and new business formation across various regions and nations. This timely handbook reveals that the development of new ventures as well as their effects on overall economic growth is strongly shaped by their regional and national environment. The expert group of contributors give an overview on the current state of the art in this field and propose avenues for further investigation. Topics include the regional determinants of new business formation, the effects of start-ups on growth, the role of globalization for regional entrepreneurship, the effect of national and regional framework conditions, as well as the role of universities as incubators of innovative new firms.
Practical sailing : handbook
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
Handbook of the code of ethics for professional accountants
Building construction handbook
Animal life of Europe : the naturalist's reference book
CAD Productivity Tools : step-by-step
"The Building Construction Handbook is THE authoritative reference for all construction students and professionals. Its detailed drawings clearly illustrate the construction of building elements, and have been an invaluable guide for builders since 1988. The principles and processes of construction are explained with the concepts of design included where appropriate. Extensive coverage of building construction practice, techniques, and regulations representing both traditional procedures and modern developments are included to provide the most comprehensive and easy to understand guide to building construction. This new edition has been updated to reflect recent changes to the building regulations, as well as new material on the latest technologies used in domestic construction.
Exercise technique manual for resistance training
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
Handbook of global bioethics
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
Lippincott's pocket manual of nursing practice
A handbook of Korea
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
The art & science of the hotel concierge : connecting guests to experiences around the world
Geography : a reference handbook
The Routledge handbook of second language acquisition
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 1
Handbook of tests in parapsychology
Financial handbook
The complete A-Z biology handbook
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
Handbook of human intelligence
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
The contemporary encyclopedia of herbs & spices : seasonings for the global kitchen
Handbook for synthesizing qualitative research
F1 press information : 1986 formula 1 world championship
The book of aphrodisiacs
Woe is I : the grammarphobe's guide to better English in plain English
Exploring the New Testament. Volume 1, The gospels and acts
Uhlig's corrosion handbook
Chemtrek : small-scale experiments for general chemistry
Handbook for art and design
Handbook of career counseling : theory and practice
Encyclopedia of the solar system
Maximum fitness : the complete guide to cross training
International handbook of personality and intelligence
CRC materials science and engineering handbook
Handbook of optics. Vol. 2, Devices, measurements, and properties
Matheson gas data book
Principles of transportation
Corporate identity manuals : bringing sensitivity to the issue
Norton's star atlas and reference handbook : (Epoch 1950.0)
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Mechanical design handbook
Practical handbook of microbiology
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
The ultimate training workshop handbook : a comprehensive guide to leading successful workshops & training programs
A  Hockey coaching manual
The Sports management toolkit
Parish nursing : a handbook for the new millenium
Benchtop electronics handbook : 260 most essential electronics topics
Handbook of geochemistry. Vol. 2/1, Elements H(1) to A1(13)
A reference guide to Latin American history
1999 SAE handbook : standards development program
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Facility piping systems handbook
PhotoWorks : step-by-step
Color atlas of biochemistry
Hinge kirjad : käsitöö kuldraamat = continuum of pattern - Estonian handicrafts
Ultimate service : the complete handbook to the world of the concierge
Colour photography in practice
Humanitarian Charter and minimum standards in humanitarian response
Oxford handbook of cardiac nursing
Nursing diagnosis reference manual
Handbook of sustainable apparel production
Manual for the teacher's report form and 1991 profile
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
Coaching the art and the science : the complete guide to self-management, team management and physical and psychological preparation
Metal forming handbook
Ullmann's biotechnology and biochemical engineering
Exploring the New Testament. Volume 2, The letters and Revelation
The company secretary's handbook : a guide to duties & responsibilities
Coach development program. level I, Instructor's manual
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Documentation in education
Welding processes handbook
Admiralty manual of navigation. Volume 1, the principles of navigation
This 52-week workout program encompasses all types of workout regimens for all types of exercisers. Beginners, advanced athletes, powerlifters, endurance athletes, teen athletes, people who wish to lose weight, people who wish to gain weight & so many others can benefit from the four programs outlined in this book.
The Sotheby's wine encyclopedia
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
Industrial gas handbook : gas separation and purification
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Routledge international handbook of sport psychology
A manual on bookselling : how to open & run your own bookstore
McGraw-Hill's engineering companion
Guide to the European Union
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs. 1993.
The international dictionary of personal finance
Manual of seamanship. Vol. 2.
Lets talk type : an essential lexicon of type terms
Admiralty manual of navigation. Volume 2, Astro navigation
The CRC handbook of thermal engineering
Illustrated handbook of medical physiology
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
Handbook of discourse analysis. Vol. 2, Dimensions of discourse
Facts about Israel
The handbook of child and adolescent clinical psychology : a contextual approach
Coach's manual : choreography and style for skaters
Handbook of children and youth studies
Pumping manual international : handbook of pumps and pumping
Foundations of professional personal training
Bain's marine annual and maritime miscellany for the year 1926 : established, compiled and classified, to furnish a shipping community service, indispensable to and readily available on the desks of busy executives engaged in every department of marine enterprise
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 2
The Wiley handbook of learning technology
Coaching science
Ideas and images : developing interpretive history exhibits
Astronomer's handbook
Food chemicals codex
Handbook of chemistry and physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
The Wiley Blackwell Handbook of Humanism presents an edited collection of essays that explore the nature of Humanism as an approach to life, and a philosophical analysis of the key humanist propositions from naturalism and science to morality and meaning. * Represents the first book of its kind to look at Humanism not just in terms of its theoretical underpinnings, but also its consequences and its diverse manifestations * Features contributions from international and emerging scholars, plus renowned figures such as Stephen Law, Charles Freeman and Jeaneanne Fowler * Presents Humanism as a positive alternative to theism * Brings together the world s leading Humanist academics in one reference work.
Coaching the fundamentals of football
Centrifugal pump sourcebook
Handbook of psychology. Vol. 4, Experimental psychology
Manual of phonetics
Installation and operation of a modular bivalve hatchery
The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism provides a comprehensive survey of the field of multilingualism for a global readership, and an overview of the research which situates multilingualism in its social, cultural and political context. The handbook includes an introduction and five sections with thirty two chapters by leading international contributors. The introduction charts the changing landscape of social and ethnographic research on multilingualism (theory, methods and research sites) and it foregrounds key contemporary debates. Chapters are structured around sub-headings such as: early developments, key issues related to theory and method, new research directions. This handbook offers an authoritative guide to shifts over time in thinking about multilingualism as well as providing an overview of the range of contemporary themes, debates and research sites. The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism is the ideal resource for postgraduate students of multilingualism, as well as those studying education and anthropology.
As the first of its kind, this handbook presents state-of-the-art information and analysis concerning the state of affairs in bioethics in around 40 countries. The country reports point out the most important discussions as well as the emerging topics in the field. Readers can orientate themselves quickly with regard to the various relevant issues, institutional structures and expertise available in these countries. The authorship of this reference work is truly global as it involves contributions from the best authors with innate knowledge of the bioethics situation in these countries.
Handbook of agriculture
The Wiley Blackwell handbook of humanism
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
The marketing plan handbook
Cooking school secrets for real world cooks
Sports coaching : a reference guide for students, coaches and competitors
