http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p954 components
components
Machine devices and components : illustrated sourcebook
Mechanical development of the Wärtsilä 46 common rail engine's fuel injection system
NetHawk Clock Source
Encyclopedia of electronic components. volume 1
The aim of this Bachelor thesis was to prove the concept and the main solution for the electronic equipment 'wheel of fortune ' by applying an embedded system, an electric circuit design and a micro controller technology. The work was commissioned by firm Huvireppu Ay and started in January 2014. To achieve this aim it needed fully to understand how to build the basic electric circuit inside the equipment. The key feature of the project was to design a clockwise rotating wheel which was used in the project 'wheel of fortune ' as the most important part of this designing scheme. The design was implemented by using the embedded system technology. Using a microchip connected to the electric circuit controlling the running speed of the ‘wheel,’ and also can randomly stop the 'wheel' while doing the clockwise rotate. In the project work, two schemes were being used, and they have different principles and use different component, but they all achieve the same goal: The wheel does a clockwise rotate and randomly stops. Option one will use LEDs for the running of the wheel and using the 555 timer IC as a time delay chip, randomly slowing and lighting a group of LED lights that are used as the pointer of the wheel. Option two is using the mechanical solution; connecting the device to a stepper motor and using it as the pointer of the wheel and using the timer delay chip randomly stopping it as the pointer stop during the game time. Although the solution of this project was made, and the basic electric circuit diagram is complete, this practical design still carries a significant potential for future upgrading .It is still useful to those programmer adjusting and re coding the inner program of the microchip and applying to other similar electric device. To this 'wheel of fortune' electric equipment, more components can be added to perfect the additional function of the device.
Zero defect packing solution documentation
The pneumatic trainer. Vol. 1, Basic pneumatics : information and instruction book about basic pneumatics and components and their applications
Design and verification of a configurable virtual component generating waves and noise
The SW component integration and system testing process
This thesis is an assignment from Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The aim of this thesis is to collect knowledge about fuel hoses used in Wärtsilä 46, Wärtsilä 46F and Wärtsilä 50 engines. This component has many problems. Those problems are presented and offered a proposal for solutions. Information to this thesis is gathered from Wärtsilä personnel and from Wärtsilä?s database. First chapters are basic information about the component. There is product and material specification and technical data about the fuel hoses. All the stakeholders and vendors are introduced. Next chapters are concerning major technical problems and some ideas on improving lifetime and profitability for customers. Most of the technical problems are not involved or caused by the company or manufactures. Handling and wrong assembling are the most common problems within the company. To understand sale?s prospect it is important to have the knowledge about life-cycle and life time expectations of fuel hoses. Information about costs is merely a comparison between all the vendors. Sales department was also a major reason to get the component?s problems solved. This department has many problems and those are described with figures and tables. This thesis was made to be an information package about fuel hoses. Thesis also contains instructions of handling and installation for this component. Major classifications and directives were introduced for Ship Power and Power Plant. Finally there is a proposal how to solve previously presented problems. The goal for these actions was to improve the life cycle efficiency and profitability and also describing the basic substance of the component.
Prototype Equipment for Fast Assembling of Chip Components
UTOPIA FPGA : description and verification
The goal of this thesis was to develop an automatic resistance tester for Nokia Oyj component quality control. The work is mainly focused on reprogramming a programmable logic controller, introduction of an OPC server and development of a new user interface using LabVIEW-programming tool. The device was developed using an existing device that had its functions modified to match its new purpose. By examining the old program code inside the programmable logic controller, a new I/O list was made. It was used to make a new program for the motion control. To operate the device a new user interface was programmed. In the design of the new user interface special attention was paid to user-friendliness. Finally, the communication between a computer and a PLC was in focus. For communication an OPC server was introduced. As a result of the project a device was developed that could automatically measure the resistance of components from points that are taught in advance. The teaching of these points is done manually or by compiling the points picked from a CAD file into a comprehensible format for motion controller. After the device was built, there was no need to measure circuit boards manually. This thesis does not have any confidential information concerning the procedures of quality control.
Towards a formal power estimation framework
Abstract.
Improving component reuse in software development
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 227, Application protocol : plant spatial configuration
Surface mount technology : principles and practice
Engine Auxiliary System Guideline: Lubricating Oil Systems
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 2, Diesel engines - exhaust emission, Gas turbines - exhaust emission, Fuels, lubricants, tribology, Components
Silicon and beyond : advanced device models and circuit simulators
Application of VSIA standards in documenting an intel 82510 based IP-block
Learn to solder : tools and techniques for assemblling elecronics
Dotted landscape : constructive research into interactive displays in shared spaces
Photolithographic fabrication of periodic nanostructures for photonic applications
Reliability of microtechnology : interconnects, devices and systems
NetHawk advanced PRI card with Comet PM 4351
Characterization of second-level lead-free BGA interconnections in thermomechanically loaded LTCC/PWB assemblies
Interface definition between SW component factories and SW product projects: Problem analysis
A comprehensive guide to the design and manufacture of printed board assemblies. Vol. 1
Abstract. The goals are to study fast chip assembly methods and techniques especially in roll-to-roll technology and then make a suggestion for state-of-the-art equipment for testing of different assembly techniques in a laboratory environment. The work was done by studying the basics of fast bonding techniques and equipment from technical reports. Chip assembly equipment of VTT Oulu was examined in order to realize the characteristics it lacked considering fast chip assembling. The suitable equipment available on the market was evaluated regarding to the requirements of fast chip assembling. Requirements and techniques for fast chip assembling were examined and a few recommendations for equipment were made after the evaluation process. The further research work for equipment shall be emphasized since the purchasing of some piece of equipment would require visits to vendors and testing of the equipment to know which solution would suit best for fast chip assembling. I would like to thank the personnel of VTT Oulu for professional assistance in this thesis work and especially Mr. Tuomo Jaakola, Mr. Markku Lahti and Mr. Jaakko Lenkkeri. I would also want to thank Mr. Kauko Kallio and Mrs. Sinikka Luukkonen of Oulu University of Applied Sciences for the general guidance of the work and the guidance in the English language.
Computer science : an overview
QB Quality board automatic resistance tester
Lifecycle Study for Information Technology Systems in the Cold Rolling Plant 1
Semiconductor Physics and Devices : basic principles
Alterations in growth and canopy architecture among dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines grown under northern conditions
Poseidon's arrow
A novel method for hazard rate estimates of the second level interconnections in infrastructure electronics
Plant growth regulators to manipulate oat stands
Componen productization for lifecycle efficiency : fuel hoses for W46, W50 and W46F
Finite element method and equivalent circuit based design of piezoelectric actuators and energy harvester dynamics
XRF evaluation for failure analysis-laboratory
Inkjet printing of carbon nanotubes for electronic applications
Encyclopedia of electronic components. volume 2
Automotive microelectronics
Multiproduct plants
Essais fondamentaux climatiques et de robustesse mécanique = Basic environmental testing procedures : CEI 68-2-54 = IEC 68-2-54. Deuxième partie = Part 2, Essais - Essai Te: Soudure Essai de soundabilité par la méthode de la balance de mouillage = Tests - Test Te: Soldering Solderability testing by the wetting balance method
Resting state brain networks in young people with familial risk for psychosis
A qualification tool for component package feasibility in infrastructure products
Principal component analysis using approximated principal components
Integration of injection molded audio components
From chips to systems: an introduction to microprocessors
Exploring functional brain networks using independent component analysis:functional brain networks connectivity
Guide to European valves : for control, isolation and safety
Effective drivers in engine selection and customer segments
General conditions for the supply of specially designed and manufactured components : Brussels, January 1996.
Visor3D 2.2 in Nokia Verification Services final assembly
Reducing surface recombination in black silicon photovoltaic devices using atomic layer deposition
Automation of phase shifter
Optical fiber communication systems
Extending the web publishing process : designing a browser-based document managing component
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 212, Application protocol : electrotechnical design and installation
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Handbook of composite fabrication
The indispensable PC hardware book : your hardware questions answered
Configurable digital finite impulse response filter for low frequency signals
Electromagnetic compatibility : principles and applications
The purpose of this Master’s thesis was to identify the status of the lifecycle for the IT components used in the production in Cold Rolling Plant, Outokumpu Tornio Site. Other purposes were to clarify the availability of support and spare parts, and to analyze if the components can be upgraded or replaced with newer ones. One purpose was also to get a view of the used equipment in production lines and to study methods for lifecycle management. This study covers the basics provided by ITIL and the global manufacturers, ABB and Siemens. The study included field surveys and spreadsheets were created based on the surveys. During the field surveys, all IT components were photographed and finally over 700 photos were analyzed with a system documentation. This study and the result from the field surveys can be used as a base for the IT system development and for developing daily routines. It gives views for the lifecycles and used equipment in the IT systems in the production and acts as a successful approach for collecting data from the field. The results are company confidential information and separated from the published version.
Things come apart : a teardown manual for modern living
Gravure offset printing for fabrication of electronic devices and integrated components in LTCC modules
RF components and circuits
Design and verification of a correlation calculator for an IRM IP block
Internal combustion engine handbook : basics, components, systems, and perspectives
Electronic packaging for high reliability : low cost electronics
MEMS reliability
Third party software component management - the sourcing point of view
Guide to European pumps & pumping : the practical reference book on pumps and pumping with comprehensive buyers guide to European manufacturers and suppliers
Manufacturing technology in the electronics industry : an introduction
The electronics handbook
Component-oriented development and assembly : paradigm, principles, and practice using Java
Electronic materials and components
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
The bike deconstructed : a grand tour of the road bicycle
Interference cancellation in DS-CDMA
Applying of Embedded System : Wheel of Fortune Project
HMCBG processes related to the steel components in the KBS-3H disposal concept
Study of customer motivation in large projects to purchase power supplies from an E-shop : case of Elcon Solutions Oy
Application specific integrated passive circuits
Application of an embedded control system for aging detection of power converter components
Thesis comprises the development of Wärtsilä 46 common rail engine fuel injection system, focusing on the period from the first engine deliveries January 2001 to January 2005. The following main parts of the system are discussed: injection pump, injection valve, accumulator, HP and LP pressure pipes, return fuel and control oil systems. The thesis was made to describe changes made in the components and reasons for these modifications during the trajectory of this engine type. The development work has been ongoing during and after engine deliveries. All the time new information is gathered from the field experience on how to improve engines and optimize components characteristics. This test and learning experience is an important part of the development work.
Model component reuse : conceptual foundations and application in the metamodeling-based systems analysis and design environment
Ion exchange processes for fabrication of integrated optical waveguide structures into glass substrates
Processing of oat dietary fibre for improved functionality as a food ingredient
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
Electrical and thermal applications of carbon nanotube films
Reliability of surface mounted components
Zero defect packing solution documentation.
Troubleshooting your PC
Backup plan for VVA and RF-l/Q modulator
Object-oriented programming in WCDMA BTS DSP software
Connecteurs pour équipments électroniques - Essais et mesures = Connectors for electronic equipment - Tests and measurements : CEI 60512-12-7 = IEC 60512-12-7. Partie 12-7 = Part 12-7, Essais de soudure - Essai 12g: Soudabilité, méthode de la balance de mouillage = Soldering tests - Test 12g: Solderability, wetting balance method
The Systematic Approach to Machine Design
Infrared link for BTS LMT
Techniques for On-Wafer Measurements
Guide to European electric motors : drives and controls : the practical reference book on electric motors, drives, controls and ancillary equipment, including a comprehensive buyers' guide to European manufacturers and suppliers
Building the perfect PC
Self-aligned patterning methods for large-area electronics
Fatigue design of aluminum components and structures
Essai d'environnement [2-69] = Environmental testing [2-69] : CEI 68-2-69 = IEC 68-2-69. Partie 2-69 = Part 2-69, Essais - Essai Te: Essai de brasabilité des composants électroniques pour la technologie de montage en surface par la méthode de la balance de mouillage = Tests - Test Te: Solderability testing of electronic components for surface mount technology by the wetting balance method
Co-verification of hardware and software for ARM SoC design
Build and upgrade your own PC
Integrated analogue CMOS circuits and structures for heart rate detectors and other low-voltage, low-power applications
EPLAN Electric P8 – parts database and pilot project : development of component database for E-CAE tool and its implementation in project documentation
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Applying of the embedded system : Wheel of Fortune project
Electronic packaging : materials and their properties
Reliability analysis of lead free electronic assembly
ASIC and FPGA verification : a guide to component modeling
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
JTAG boundary scan in a Bus Arbiter ASIC
Junkbots, bugbots, and bots on wheels : building simple robots with BEAM technology
Embedding of bulk piezoelectric structures in Low Temperature Co-fired Ceramic
Re-configurable AD/DA converter interface
ICEP 2009 : International conference on electronics packaking, April 14-16, 2009, Kyoto, Japan
EMC at component and PCB level
Tribon component library
Building of Ultrasound Device (USD) to be used agains Grasshoppers
Designing of control electronics for an automatic production tester
Power Electronics : devices, drivers, applications and passive components
Fundamentals of electronic devices
Laboratory Environment of PC Technology & Device Design
Generic standard on printed board design
Tranceiver modelling for short-range radio communication devices
Fundamentals of operational amplifiers and linear integrated circuits
Lifecycle study for information technology systems in the Cold Rolling Plant 1
Modification of surfaces in brazing of Al2O3-metal joints
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 : engineering journal and workbook
Follow-up on component performance
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Power RF Surface Mounted Devices (SMD)
The Control Techniques drives and controls handbook
Architectural considerations for the developing mobile consumer services
Passive components for circuit design
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 218, Application protocol : ship structures
Paper- and membrane-based ion-modulated electronics
Ferroelectric performance for nanometer scaled devices
An introduction to semiconductor microtechnology
Generic standard on printed board design : amendment 1.
Business component factory : a comprehensive overview of component-based development for the enterprise
Process development and device modelling of gallium arsenide heterojunction bipolar transistors
Measurements of impulse response for mobile phone self-tests
