http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9544 reference books
reference books
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2011
Nuclear energy encyclopedia : science, technology, and applications
Star Wars year by year : a visual history
Oxford handbooks online. Economics and finance
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2016 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2016
The Oxford classical dictionary
The world almanac and book of facts. 2006
The pesticide manual : incorporating The agrochemicals handbook : a world compendium
Encyclopedia of social work. 1997, Supplement
Encyclopedia of cultural anthropology. Volume 4, R-Z
Good fiction guide
Understanding physics : 3 volumes in 1 : motion, sound, and heat : light, magnetism, and electricity : the electron, proton, and neutron
Academic core collection (HeinOnline)
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 4, History of art : Romanesque art - Romanticism
The Encyclopaedia of Saami Culture
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
The Grove dictionary of art
Stanford encyclopedia of philosophy
The encyclopedia of adulthood and aging
A comprehensive overview of the theories, concepts and processes that interpersonal communication researchers use to explain a wide variety of social interaction phenomena. Over 270 entries explore: interpersonal conflict, negotiation, relationship development, interactional adaptation, social influence, and, communication in the workplace, at school and within family life. Encompasses both theory and practice, bringing together the fascinating and groundbreaking research from the field, from the first generation of interpersonal communication scholars to the very latest developments.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
The world almanac and book of facts. 2003
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
The vegetable garden displayed
A Companion to Intellectual History provides an in-depth survey of the practice of intellectual history as a discipline. Forty newly-commissioned chapters showcase leading global research with broad coverage of every aspect of intellectual history as it is currently practiced. Presents an in-depth survey of recent research and practice of intellectual history Written in a clear and accessible manner, designed for an international audience Surveys the various methodologies that have arisen and the main historiographical debates that concern intellectual historians Pays special attention to contemporary controversies, providing readers with the most current overview of the field Demonstrates the ways in which intellectual historians have contributed to the history of science and medicine, literary studies, art history and the history of political thought.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The Usborne Internet-linked children's encyclopedia
Includes 103 handbooks and 3325 articles.
The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians : second edition
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2015 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2015
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2012 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2012
The Penguin encyclopedia
The London encyclopaedia
Comprehensive Materials Processing : 13 volume set
Concise encyclopedia of pragmatics
The Celtic seasonal wheel is based on eight festivals - Winter Solstice, Imbolc, Spring Equinox, Beltane, Summer Solstice, Lughnasadh, Autumn Equinox and Samhain. Together, these lead us through the cycle of the year, aligning our awareness with the seasonal pattern of the earth beneath our feet. In this book on the solstices, equinoxes and other festivals within the sacred cycle, Danu Forest reveals the secrets of each festival in turn and skilfully revives ancient traditions, encouraging us to reconnect with nature, and ourselves, with a host of practical ideas and rituals. Decorate your home with beautiful seasonal crafts and altars to manifest sacred space. Make gifts to give to friends, cast spells for creativity, fertility and blessing, and use the abundance of nature in recipes that can be enjoyed as part of your seasonal celebrations or for self-healing and empowerment. Meditate on the changing heavens throughout the year with Celtic star lore. Deepen your experience of the turning seasons, from the rest and renewal of winter through the revels of spring and summer to the soul or spirit nights of autumn with magical guided visualizations. This cycle of conscious celebration helps us, year on year, to align with nature's rhythms with greater wonder and insight. Based on sound extensive research, as well as many years of practical experience through both personal practice and teaching, the book will act as a guide for weaving a new, more soulful way of living into readers' everyday existence.
100 computer games to play before you die
Encyclopedia of food microbiology
The Oxford companion to World War II
Index to organism names : (ION)
The standard cyclopedia of horticulture : in three volumes: I : A-E
Africa south of the Sahara. 1975.
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 8, Biographical dictionary of artists : Limburg Brothers - Francisco Ribalta
Britain 1977 : an official handbook
Dictionary of philosophy and psychology. 2, part 2, S to Z
Facts about Pakistan
The Oxford history of western music
The encyclopedia of applied linguistics
The international encyclopedia of education : research and studies. Supplementary Vol. 1
The languages of the world
Dictionary of philosophy and psychology. 2, part 1, Le to Ru
The Oxford medical companion
A companion to intellectual history
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
International who's who in music. Vol. 2, Popular music. Second edition, 1998/99
Infancy is a unique period, in that at no other state is there greater growth and development. During this time, growth is occurring at a physical level, but equally impressive are the socio-emotional and cognitive developments during this time. Genetics, the womb environment, and the physical environment after birth all combine to impact the rate and manner of growth. Who we ultimately become as individuals begins here. Intended for university and public libraries, the Encyclopedia of Infant and Early Childhood Development is the major reference work that provides a comprehensive entry point into all of the existing literature on child development from the fields of psychology, genetics, neuroscience, and sociology. The scope of this work is to understand the developmental changes, when they occur, why they occur, how they occur, and those factors that influence that development. Although some medical information is included, the emphasis is on normal growth and is primarily from a psychological perspective.
The A-Z of learning : tips and techniques for teachers
The A-to-Z reference resource for nuclear energy information A significant milestone in the history of nuclear technology, Nuclear Energy Encyclopedia: Science, Technology, and Applications is a comprehensive and authoritative reference guide written by a committee of the world's leading energy experts. The encyclopedia is packed with cutting-edge information about where nuclear energy science and technology came from, where they are today, and what the future may hold for this vital technology. Filled with figures, graphs, diagrams, formulas, and photographs, which accompany the short, easily
Includes 8 handbooks and 337 articles.
Musicweb encyclopaedia of popular music
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 2, History of art : Roman art - early Christian art
Encyclopedia of gerontology : age, aging, and the aged
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
A glossary of catchwords of the Czech avant-garde : conceptions of aesthetics and the changing faces of art 1908-1958
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1993 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1993
Encyclopedia of Jamaican heritage
Encyclopedia of cultural anthropology. Volume 3, M-R
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1992 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1992
The world almanac and book of facts. 2012
Encyclopedia of library and information sciences
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2012 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2012
Elsevier's dictionary of horticulture in nine languages : English - French - Dutch - Swedish - Spanish - Italian - Latin
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
The interpreter's dictionary of the Bible : an illustrated encyclopedia identifying and explaining all proper names and significant terms and subjects in the Holy Scriptures, including the Apocrypha, with attention to archaeological discoveries and researches into the life and faith of ancient times. Supplementary volume
Cultural theory : the key concepts
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1985 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
The Sherlock Holmes encyclopedia
Dictionary of symbols
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2015  = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2015
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1991 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1991
Encyclopedia of psychotherapy
Computational linguistics : an international handbook on computer oriented language research and applications = Computerlinguistik : ein internationales Handbuch zur computergestützten Sprachforschung und ihrer Anwendungen
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2011
Mason`s world dictionary of livestock breeds, types and varieties
The 95th Edition of the Handbook includes 22 new tables and major updates and expansions. A new series highlighting the achievements of some of the major historical figures in chemistry and physics was initiated with the 94th edition. This series is continued with this edition, which is focused on Galileo Galilei, James Clerk Maxwell, Marie Sklodowska Curie, and Linus Carl Pauling. This series, which provides biographical information, a list of major achievements, and notable quotations attributed to each of the renowned chemists and physicists, will be continued in succeeding editions. Each edition will feature two chemists and two physicists.
The magical year : seasonal celebrations to honour nature's ever-turning wheel
Provence A-Z
American song : the complete musical theatre companion. 2 : Indexes
A new dictionary of birds
The new children's encyclopedia
The international encyclopedia of language and social interaction
The Cambridge dictionary of statistics
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2010
The world almanac and book of facts. 2000
The standard cyclopedia of horticulture : in three volumes: II : F-O
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Internet encyclopedia of philosophy
Major modern dramatists. Vol. 2, Norwegian, Swedish, French, Belgian, Italien, Spanish, Russian, Czech, Hungarian and Polish dramatists
Encyclopaedia of Ireland
Diets and dieting : a cultural encyclopedia
The world almanac and book of facts. 2007
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
Who was who : a cumulated index 1897-1980
Fieldbook of native Illinois shrubs
Warp & weft : a dictionary of textile terms
Whitaker's world of facts
The fashion book
Even more things that nobody knows : 501 further mysteries of life, the universe and everything
This site provides a central source of information about viruses, viroids and satellites of plants, fungi and protozoa, with some additional data on animal viruses and phages with RNA or ssDNA genomes.
Understanding the properties of polymer carbon nanotube (CNT) composites is the key to these materials finding new applications in a wide range of industries, including but not limited to electronics, aerospace and biomedical/bioengineering.Polymer-carbon nanotube compositesprovides comprehensive and in-depth coverage of the preparation, characterization, properties and applications of these technologically interesting new materials.Part one covers the preparation and processing of composites of thermoplastics with CNTs, with chapters covering in-situ polymerization, melt processing and CNT surface treatment, as well as elastomer and thermoset CNT composites. Part two concentrates on properties and characterization, including chapters on the quantification of CNT dispersion using microscopy techniques, and on topics as diverse as thermal degradation of polymer/CNT composites, the use of rheology, Raman spectroscopy and multi-scale modeling to study polymer/CNT composites, and CNT toxicity. In part three, the applications of polymer/CNT composites are reviewed, with chapters on specific applications such as in fibers and cables, bioengineering applications and conductive polymer CNT composites for sensing.
Atlas of hematology
World of winners : a current and historical perspective on awards and their winners
Slayer : a totally awesome collection of Buffy trivia
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
A handbook for travellers in India, Pakistan, Burma and Ceylon : including all British India, the Portuguese and French possessions, and the protected native states
Reference guide to world literature. Volume 2, Works, index
Corrosion Prevention of Magnesium Alloys
The Macmillan dictionary of films and filmmakers. Vol. 1, Films
'Damn, all my cheating secrets revealed. In book form' Stephen Fry Which philosopher had the maddest hairstyle? Which novelist drank 50 cups of black coffee every day? What on earth did Simone de Beauvoir see in Jean-Paul Sartre? How to Sound Cultured offers a wry and yet profoundly useful look inside the mirrored palaces of high culture. Covering such inscrutable characters as Heidegger, Montaigne, Kahlo and Levi-Strauss (apparently not just a designer of jeans), inscrutable polymaths Thomas W. Hodgkinson and Hubert van den Bergh - the author of the acclaimed How to Sound Clever - have done the hard work of sorting the cultural wheat from the chaff. Read this book and you'll never again mistake Rimbaud for Rambo or Georg Lukacs for George Lucas, you'll know precisely when to drop Foucault's name into a conversation and how to pronounce 'Borgesian', and you'll learn many more essential pointers for the intellectual life.
Contemporary artists : Volume 1 : A-K
This third edition of the Encyclopedia of Library and Information Sciences reflects the growing convergence among the several disciplines that concern themselves with information and the cultural record. Covered are archives, museum studies, informatics, information systems, knowledge management, records management, document and genre theory, bibliography, and social studies of information, in addition to library and information science. It addresses these related disciplines in a way that demonstrates the unities across the fields while also recognizing their uniquely distinguishing characteristics.
Oxford handbooks online. Criminology and criminal justice
Third world guide : facts, figures, opinions : the world as seen by the third world
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
Like the first edition, the second edition of the Encyclopedia of Stress covers nearly every conceivable aspect and ramification of stress including a wide range of related topics such as neuroimmune interactions, cytokines, enzymatic disorders, effects on the cardiovascular system, immunity and inflammation, and physical illnesses. Over the last decade, scientists have presented convincing research showing that psychological stress increases vulnerability to disease. They now understand more clearly that stress may be the thread tying together illnesses that were previously believed to be unrelated. Bone loss, increased abdominal fat, and damaged memory cells in the hippocampus have been linked to elevated cortisol levels. Building on the success of the first edition, this completely revised work surveys the vast amount of research generated in the past five years, resulting in a substantial revision with over 30% new material and over 100 new entries. Expanded sections include Animal Studies, Anxiety and Depression, Drugs, Depression, Disasters, and Psychological and Other Therapies.
Encyclopedia of infant and early childhood development
Current and comprehensive, The International Encyclopedia of Communication Theory and Philosophy is the ultimate resource for scholarly reflection on key issues in the discipline, covering the history, systematics, and potential of communication theory. Entries are cross-national and cross-disciplinary, featuring authors from Europe, North America, Latin America, and Southeast Asia.
The illustrated encyclopedia of cut flowers
The international encyclopedia of communication
The Merriam-Webster dictionary of quotations
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Psychotherapy is the dialogue between patient and therapist in the diagnosis and treatment of behavioral, crisis, and mental disorders. Psychoanalysis as formulated by Sigmund Freud is the first modern form of psychotherapy and this approach has given rise to several score of psychodynamic therapies. In more recent times behavioral, cognitive, existential, humanistic, and short-term therapies have been put into practice, each with a particular focus and each giving rise to variations in structure and content of treatment as well as therapeutic outcomes. These therapy approaches relate the patient/therapist dialogue to different aspects of the therapeutic process. For instance, behavior therapies focus on the patient's conduct and cognitive therapies treat the client's thought processes. The Encyclopedia covers the major psychotherapies currently in practice as well as the classical approaches that laid the foundation for the various contemporary treatment approaches. In addition, the Encyclopedia identifies the scientific studies conducted on the efficacy of the therapies and review the theoretical basis of each therapy.
Science for life : a manual for better living
This authoritative Handbook takes its lead from a number of key assumptions on the subject of research methods for child-related research. These include, to name but a couple of examples: the importance of recognising the significance of the different contexts in which children find themselves in determining the nature of appropriate research methods, and the importance of having clear ethical guidelines and standards governing the research activities of those involved in research on and with children. Accommodating basic principles such as these, this handbook aims to provide researchers, practitioners and scholars with an interest in undertaking research with children with a comprehensive and definitive manual. The book is divided into three parts, to allow for ease of navigation of the thematic structure: * Part I: Setting-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part II: Population-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part III: Methods in Research on Children and Childhood.
Concise Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
Oxford dictionary of literary quotations
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
Instrumentation reference book
50 races to run before you die
"ION contains the organism names related data gathered from the scientific literature for Thomson Reuters' Zoological Record database. Viruses, bacteria and plant names will be added from other Thomson Reuters databases such as BIOSIS Previews."--Kotisivu.
A dictionary of Ballett
Encyclopedia of stress
The world almanac and book of facts. 2005
Conceptual art : Fluxus, digital art, agrippa, Tellus audio cassette magazine, Willoughby Sharp, I am acurator, democracy and desire, systems art, Robert Watts, Water Yam, Ronald Jones, sensation, immersion, twentysix gasoline stations, digital painting
For the love of the Royal Family : a companion
Dictionary of physics
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
Encyclopedia of body image and human appearance
The encyclopedia of country music : the ultimate guide to the music
A companion to phenomenology and existentialism
The handbook of narrative analysis
The Commens Dictionary : Peirce's Terms in His Own Words : New Edition
Brings together concise, accurate summaries of classic topics as well as the most recent thinking and research in new areas. - Covers a broad range of issues, from biological and physiological changes in the body to changes in cognition, personality, and social roles to applied areas such as psychotherapy, long-term care, and end-of-life issues. - Includes contributions from major researchers, theorists, and methodologists from the academic and clinical realms. - Essential for experts in the field and also for students in the social sciences and humanities coming to the subject for the first time.
Princeton encyclopedia of poetry and poetics
Horror
Major modern dramatists. Vol. 1, American, British, Irish, German, Austrian and Swiss dramatists
Oxford handbooks online. Psychology
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1989
International directory of philosophy and philosophers 1993-1994
The world almanac and book of facts. 2002
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences
Polymer-carbon nanotube composites : preparation, properties and applications
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
Holidays, festivals, and celebrations of the world dictionary
Fontana dictionary of Africa since 1960 : events, movements, personalities
Handbook of food powders : processes and properties
Encyclopedia of human intelligence. [2], [J-Z, Index]
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 6, Biographical dictionary of artists : Alvar Aalto - Paul Durand-Ruel
This book reviews the fundamental corrosion mechanisms that affect nuclear power plants and facilities. Initial sections introduce the complexity of nuclear corrosion science, with detailed chapters on the different types of both aqueous and non aqueous corrosion mechanisms and the nuclear materials susceptible to attack from them. This is complemented by reviews of monitoring and control methodologies, as well as modelling and lifetime prediction approaches. The final sections review corrosion issues across the range of current and next-generation nuclear reactors, and across such nuclear applications as fuel reprocessing facilities, radioactive waste storage and geological disposal systems. This is an invaluable reference for nuclear metallurgists, materials scientists and engineers, as well as nuclear facility operators, regulators and consultants, and researchers and academics in this field.
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 7, Biographical dictionary of artists : Albrecht Dürer - Jan Lievensz
The international encyclopedia of communication theory and philosophy
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistik årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland
Poland : an encyclopedic guide
International education : an encyclopedia of contemporary issues and systems
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1990 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
Going global : career information and resources for Finland
Business : the key concepts
ATL Arkkitehtitoimistot 2013-2014 : jäsenet = ATL Architects' Offices 2013-2014 : members
Contemporary artists : Volume 2 : L-Z
Encyclopedia of cultural anthropology. Volume 2, E-L
The Handbook of the Study of Play brings together in two volumes thinkers whose diverse interests at the leading edge of scholarship and practice define the current field. Because play is an activity that humans have shared across time, place, and culture and in their personal developmental timelines-and because this behavior stretches deep into the evolutionary past-no single discipline can lay claim to exclusive rights to study the subject. Thus this handbook features the thinking of evolutionary psychologists; ethologists and biologists; neuroscientists; developmental psychologists; psychotherapists and play therapists; historians; sociologists and anthropologists; cultural psychologists; philosophers; theorists of music, performance, and dance; specialists in learning and language acquisition; and playground designers. Together, but out of their varied understandings, the incisive contributions to The Handbook take on vital questions of educational policy, of literacy, of fitness, of the role of play in brain development, of spontaneity and pleasure, of well-being and happiness, of fairness, and of the fuller realization of the self. These volumes also comprise an intellectual history, retrospective looks at the great thinkers who have made possible the modern study of play.
Efforts to assemble a comprehensive reference of universal knowledge date back to Aristotle, and some consider the work Natural History of Pliny the Elder to be the first encyclopedia. By the nineteenth century, encyclopedias had become more specialized, in line with expanding knowledge that required many sources. The Encyclopedia of Gerontology, second edition, is illustrative of the character of gerontology itself, universal by its capacious nature, while at the same time specialized. That is one reason, among many, that makes the field so extraordinary and inviting. The growth of aging populations and the advance of longevity, after all, reflect one of the great universal historic demographic shifts of all time. And with this revolution in longevity have come numerous challenges – social, economic, political, ethical, and personal – requiring a range of special adjustments. This fine encyclopedia reflects both the challenges and the adjustments.  Conventional knowledge notes that as societies increase in wealth, they are in a better position to provide social, health, and other benefits for their citizens. But based upon recently acquired knowledge, the reverse is also true, that health and longevity promote wealth. Svanborg, Manton, and others have found that as a result of social, medical, and public health advances, people not only are living longer but also are more likely to enjoy more disability-free years. These two facts strengthen the prospectus for increasing years of productive engagement. This demographic shift constitutes a great human achievement, compelling, in turn, the transformation of our culture and the personal experience of growing older that is at hand. It will lead to a body of new concepts and data concerning old age – and to an expanding encyclopedia.
The international encyclopedia of interpersonal communication
The encyclopedia of politics and religion. 1
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1983 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Contemporary religions : a world guide
Tampereen talousalue valmistaa, myy, palvelee = Tammerforsregionen i Finland producerar, säljer, betjänar = Industry, commerce and services in and around Tampere - Finland = Industrie, Handel und Gewerbe in und um Tampere - Finnland
Encyclopedia of human intelligence. [1], [A-I]
Euro gothic : classics of continental horror cinema
This scholarly work is the most comprehensive existing resource on human physical appearance-how people's outer physical characteristics and their inner perceptions and attitudes about their own appearance (body image) affect their lives. The encyclopedia's 117 full-length chapters are composed and edited by the world's experts from a range of disciplines-social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences. The extensive topical coverage in this valuable reference work includes: (1) Important theories, perspectives, and concepts for understanding body image and appearance; (2) Scientific measurement.
Rock encyclopedia
Encyclopedia of poetry and poetics
The concise Oxford dictionary of music
Encyclopedia of language & linguistics
How to be well read : a guide to 500 great novels and a handful of literary curiosities
The SAGE handbook of child research
Things Chinese : or notes connected with China
Oxford handbooks online. Political science
The size of learner lexis, exposure to English and looking up words online
International directory of philosophy and philosophers 1990-1992
The gardeners dictionary : containing the methods of cultivating and improving the kitchen, fruit, and flower-garden, as also the physic-garden, wilderness, conservatory and vineyard. In three volumes. Vol 1.
The handbook of the study of play
Natural Organic Matter in Water : Characterization and Treatment Methods
Encyclopedia of consciousness
Handbook of Herbs and Spices. Volume 2
Processed meats : improving safety, nutrition and quality
Includes 31 handbooks and 887 articles.
Dictionary of philosophy and psychology. 1, A to Laws
The Thames and Hudson dictionary of art and artists
Lexikon des Mittelalters & International encyclopaedia for the Middle Ages : LexMA
The world almanac and book of facts. 1996
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
Biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change
Managing burnout in the workplace : a guide for information professionals
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2013 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2013
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 5, History of art : Realism - South African art
Alexis Lichine's encyclopedia of wines & spirits
PageMaker 7.0 from A to Z : a quick reference of more than 300 PageMaker tasks, terms and tricks
The big book of women saints
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 9, Biographic dictionary of artists : Jusepe de Ribera - Francisco de Surbarán : glossary
Open Source Database Driven Web Development : a guide for information professionals
Description of plant viruses
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2010
Includes 40 handbooks and 1531 articles.
Encyclopedia of sediments and sedimentary rocks
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 3, History of art : Byzantine art - Ottonian art
Encyclopedia of social work
Civilizations of the world : the human adventure
Approximately 77 percent of the freshwater used in the United States comes from surface-water sources and is subject to natural organic matter contamination according to the United States Geological Survey. This presents a distinct challenge to water treatment engineers. An essential resource to the latest breakthroughs in the characterization, treatment and removal of natural organic matter (NOM) from drinking water, Natural Organic Matter in Waters: Characterization and Treatment Methods focuses on advance filtration and treatment options, and processes for reducing disinfection byproducts. Based on the authors years of research and field experience, this book begins with the characterization of NOM including: general parameters, isolation and concentration, fractionation, composition and structural analysis and biological testing. This is followed by removal methods such as inorganic coagulants, polyelectrolytes and composite coagulants. Electrochemical and membranes removal methods such as: electrocoagulation, electrochemical oxidation, microfiltration and ultrafiltration, nanofiltration and membrane fouling.
The human-computer interaction handbook : fundamentals, evolving technologies, and emerging applications
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
The Far East and Australasia. Ed. 30. 1999.
The Macmillan dictionary of measurement
Mystery index : subjects, settings, and sleuths of 10,000 titles
Literary encyclopedia : a user's manual
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
The standard cyclopedia of horticulture : in three volumes : III : P-Z
Internationaler biographischer Index der Politik und der Sozial- und Wirtschaftswissenschaften : Politiker, Sozial-, Wirtschafts- und Politikwissenschaftler, Psychologen = World biographical index of politics, social scieces and economics
Music lovers encyclopedia
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
The reader's encyclopedia of world drama
This encyclopedia provides thorough, up-to-date coverage of key topics, concepts, and issues, as well as in-depth studies of national educational systems throughout the world. Articles examine education broadly and at all levels--from primary grades through higher education, formal to informal education, country studies to global organizations.
Encyclopedia of music in Canada = Encyclopédie de la musique au Canada
Larousse gardening and gardens
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1997 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1997
The international cyclopedia of music and musicians
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
The concise encyclopedia of continental pottery and porcelain
The definitive history of "Star Wars" chronicling four decades of the world of "Star Wars"; decade by decade, year-by-year, month-by-month. Everything is covered, from the influences and creation of all six "Star Wars" movies, to the toys, books and video games that have shaped the "Star Wars" dynasty. The month-by-month format is brought to life by images from the movies, TV series, comic books and more.
Nuclear corrosion science and engineering
The social science encyclopedia
