http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9542 encyclopedias
encyclopedias
Encyclopedia international 18 : Tense-Valery. 18, Tense-Valery
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 10, Reti-Solovets
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 8, Micropædia : ready reference : [Menage - Ottawa]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 20, Macropædia : knowlegde in depth : [Geomorphic - Immunity]
Encyclopedia international 3 : Bicycle-Canaanites. 3, Bicycle-Canaatites
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 10, Nyasaland protectorate - Raglan
"EB Online includes the complete encyclopedia, as well as Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary and the Britannica Book of the Year. You can also use EB Online to search an Internet directory that includes more than 130,000 links to Web sites selected, rated, and  reviewed by Britannica editors."--Secondary page.
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 14, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Arctic - Biosphere]
Encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 23, Vase to Zygote
Encyclopedia of molecular biology and molecular medicine. Vol. 1. Achilles' cleavage to cytoskeleton-plasma membrane interactions
Encyclopedia of reproduction. Volume 3, M-Pr
Encyclopedia of science fiction
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 22, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Islam - Life]
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology: the creation process
Encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 20, Sarsaparilla to Sorcery
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 2, Bayeu-Ceanothus
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 24, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Metaphysics - Norway]
A dictionary of the martial arts
The Marvel comics encyclopedia : a complete guide to the characters of the Marvel universe
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 2, Balanoglossus - Bulford
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 6, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Holderness-Krasnogorsk]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 12, Trudeau-Zywiec
The world book encyclopedia
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 1, A - Bedworth
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 5, Dramatic unities - Football
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 17, Decorative-Edison
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 26, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Pre-Columbian - Sacred]
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 6, Hosanna - Lofty
The shorter Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 16, Chicago-Death
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 7, Krasnokamsk-Menadra
Grolier universal encyclopedia
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : the index. A-K
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 13, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Accounting - Architecture]
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 5, Franc - Horwich
Brill's new Pauly supplements online
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 28, Spain-Union
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 3, Ceara-Deluc
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 5, Freon-Holderlin
The Cambridge encyclopedia
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 20, Geomorphic-Immunity
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 4, Micropædia : ready reference : [Delusion-Frenssen]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 8, Menage-Ottawa
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 8, Jester - Map reading
Encyclopedia international 20 : Index. 20, Index
Encyclopedia international 9 : Houseleek-Jerubbaal. 9, Houseleek-Jerubbaal
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 4, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Delusion-Frenssen]
Encyclopedia of religious rites, rituals, and festivals
Encyclopedia international 15 : Prague-Rowley. 15, Prague-Rowley
The encyclopedia of chemical process equipment
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 1, A-ak-Bayes
Encyclopedia of reproduction. Volume 2, Ep-L
The A to Z of Westerns in cinema
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : propaedia, Guide to the Britannica
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 18, Education-Evolution
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 27, Safety-Southern
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 5, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Freon-Holderlin]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 11, Micropædia : ready reference : [Solovyov - Truck]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 16, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Chicago - Death]
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Encyclopedia international 2 : Arizona-Bickell. 2, Arizona-Bickell
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 9, Micropædia : ready reference : [Otter - Rethimnon]
Encyclopedia international 11 : Linden-Metronome. 11, Linden-Metronome
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 21, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [India - Ireland]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 7, Micropædia : ready reference : [Krasnokamsk - Menadra]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 16, Macropaedia : knowledge in depth : [Chicago-Death]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 25, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Number - Prague]
Encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 22, Textiles to Vascular system
Encyclopædia Britannica; or, a dictionary of arts and sciences, compiled upon a new plan
Encyclopedia international 14 : Palaestra-Pragmatism. 14, Palaestra-Pragmatism
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 13, Accounting-Architecture
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 5, Micropædia : ready reference : [Freon - Holderlin]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 9, Otter-Rethimnon
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 6, Micropædia : ready reference : [Holderness - Krasnoje]
Semiotics and language : an analytical dictionary
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 27, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [San Francisco - Southern]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 15, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Birds - Chemical]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 23, Light-Metabolism
Encyclopedia international 13 : Nevers-Pakistan. 13, Nevers-Pakistan
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology : the creation process
Encyclopedia international 19 : Valhalla-Zworykin. 19, Valhalla-Zworykin
An encyclopaedia of the history of technology
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
Dawsonera: "Computers play a crucial role in our day-to-day lives. With more than 150 black-and-white photographs and illustrations, "Encyclopedia of Computer Science and Technology, Revised Edition" provides a detailed examination of this fascinating field for students and general readers alike. This necessary update boasts more than 50 - per cent new material - a total of more than 550 updated entries, nearly 200 new to this edition, that reflect current information. Helpful appendixes include a chronology of significant events in computing, a listing of achievements in the field, and brief descriptions and contact information for some important organizations in the computer field. Major corporations and organizations in the computer field are now covered, as well as many new biographies. Further reading sections have been revised and expanded with the latest resources".
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 4, Dirce - Frampton
The Oxford dictionary of music
Encyclopedia international 4 : Canada-Colbert. 4, Canada-Colbert
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 18, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Education - Evolution]
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 6, Foote - Hasdrubal
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 19, Excretion-Geometry
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 2, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Bayeu-Ceanothus]
Encyclopedia international 16 : Rowson-Sofia. 16, Rowson-Sofia
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 25, Number-Prague
Encyclopedia international 10 : Jerusalem-Lindberg. 10, Jerusalem-Lindberg
Academic American encyclopedia
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 2, Beech - Chalybes
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 6, Holderness-Krasnoje
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 23, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Light - Metabolism]
The Wikipedia revolution : how a bunch of nobodies created the world's greatest encyclopedia
My first encyclopedia
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 8, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Menage-Ottawa]
The encyclopedia of applied linguistics
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 4, Delusion-Frenssen
How finnish culture presents itself : a content analysis of Finland: a cultural encyclopedia
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 12, Spitalfields - Zymotic
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 26, Pre-Columbian-Sacred
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 29, United-Zoroastrianism
A comprehensive, informative, and utterly debilitating compendium of surprising ways you might die a horrible death at any moment--all of them based on actual research about the perils of everyday life--from master humorists Henry Beard and Christopher Cerf"--
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 24, Metaphysics-Norway
Ultimate visual dictionary 2000.
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 15, Birds-Chemical
Visual dictionary
Encyclopedia international 7 : Explosives-Ghana. 7, Explosives-Ghana
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 7, Log - Ordovician
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 28, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Spain - Union]
The definitive encyclopedia of rock
New encyclopedia of Africa
The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians : second edition
Encyclopaedia Britannica
The encyclopedia of political thought
The new Webster's International Encyclopedia : the new illustrated home reference guide
Encyclopedia of mathematics
Finland : a cultural encyclopedia
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 19, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Excretion - Geometry]
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 10, Stye - Zymotic
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 4, Coal-fish - Drama
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 1, A - Balaninus
Oxford research encyclopedias. Religion
The Hutchinson unabridged encyclopedia. Volume 6, paper sizes-Short Parliament
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 10, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Reti-Solovets]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 7, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Krasnokamsk-Menadra]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 3, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Ceara-Deluc]
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Encyclopedia international 5 : Colborne-Diathermy. 5, Colborne-Diathermy
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 11, Solovyov-Truck
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 13, Macropaedia : knowledge in depth : [Accounting-Architecture]
Encyclopedia of consciousness
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 14, Arctic-Biosphere
Encyclopedia international 8 : Ghardaia-Housefly. 8, Ghardaia-Housefly
Encyclopedia of computer science and technology
Encyclopædia Britannica online
Encyclopedia of software engineering
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 9, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Otter-Rethimnon]
Summary.
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 29, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [United - Zoroastrianism]
glbtq - an encyclopedia of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender & queer culture
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : the index. L-Z
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 11, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Solovyov-Truck]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 14, Macropaedia : knowledge in depth : [Arctic-Biosphere]
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 3, Cham - Diptych
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 12, Micropaedia : ready reference : [Trudeau-Zywiec]
The Sage deaf studies encyclopedia
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 1, Micropaedia : ready reference : [A-Ak-Bayes]
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 10, Micropædia : ready reference : [Reti - Solovets]
Wonders of our world
Encyclopedia international 6 : Diatom-Explosion. 6, Diatom-Explosion
Encyclopedia international 17 : Softball-Tenrec. 17, Softball-Tenrec
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 17, Macropædia : knowledge in depth : [Decorative - Edison]
Encyclopedia international 12 : Metropolis-Nevelson. 12, Metropolis-Nevelson
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 9, Repairs - Stuyvesant
The new encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 12, Micropædia : ready reference : [Trudeau - Zywiec]
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 21, India-Ireland
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 7, Hase - Jest-books
Encyclopedia of reproduction. Volume 1, A-En
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 3, Bulgaria - Coal-fields
Encyclopedia international 1 : A-Arius. 1, A-Arius
Conceptual art : Fluxus, digital art, agrippa, Tellus audio cassette magazine, Willoughby Sharp, I am acurator, democracy and desire, systems art, Robert Watts, Water Yam, Ronald Jones, sensation, immersion, twentysix gasoline stations, digital painting
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 9, Maps - Nyasa
The Harmsworth encyclopaedia. Vol. 8, Ore - Reotipur
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 22, Islam-Life
Encyclopedia international
Everyman's encyclopaedia : in twelve volumes. Vol. 11, Ragnarök - Spiritualism
