http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9547 processions
processions
Material conflicts : parades and visual displays in Northern Ireland
The court painters of Joseon dynasty : Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art, 13.10.2011 - 29.1.2012 / [exhibition counsel and article: Kang Kwan-shik ... [et al.]  ; [curated by Jeon Seung-chang ... [et al.]
Staging the world : spoils, captives, and representations in the Roman triumphal procession
South Asian religions on display : religious processions in South Asia and in the diaspora
Egg parasitoids select for large clutch-sizes and covering layers in pine processionary moths (Thaumetopoea pityocampa)
Why do pine processionary caterpillars Thaumetopoea pityocampa (Lepidoptera, Thaumetopoeidae) live in large groups?  An experimental study
What Eva ate: Or, the power of the name : the deceptive author
Religious processions : urban politics and poetics
The progresses, pageants, and entertainments of Queen Elizabeth I
The triumphs of the defeated : early modern festivals and messages of legitimacy
Yesterday's country customs : a history of traditional English folklore
Staging the World is an illustrated study of the Roman triumphal procession in its capacity as spectacle and performance. Ida Ostenberg analyses how Rome presented and perceived the defeated on parade. Spoils, captives, and representations are the objects, and the basic questions to be asked concern both contents and context: What was displayed? How was it paraded? What was the response? The triumph was a crowded civic celebration, when spectators met with coins from Spain and Asia, Jewish temple treasures, silver plate and furniture from opulent royal feasts, trees from eastern gardens, Punic elephants appearing as in battle, kings, long known by name only, and ferocious barbarians dressed in outlandish costumes. Ostenberg aims to show what stories the Roman triumph told about the defeated and what ideas it transmitted about Rome itself.
Tournaments : jousts, chivalry and pageants in the Middle Ages
In this paper, I will explore the ways in which processions, by their very visibility, foreground the relationships between the secular and the sacred, while contributing to a construction of identity and community, and simultaneously surfacing fractures therein. Using the example of multireligious yet secular Singapore, I will examine (a) the state's management of religious processions, including the regulation of time and space for such events, as well as regulations over noise production; (b) the tactics of adaptation, negotiation and resistance the participants engage in at an everyday level in response to the state's ideologies, policies, laws and strategies; (c) the participants' experience of these processions in terms of the sense of communitas that Turner describes but which Eade and Sallnow dispute, through emphasis on faultlines within "community" based on age, class and nationality; (d) the investment of sacred meanings in these processions by participants and the nature of their "sacred experience"; and (e) the manner in which such activities, associated state actions and participants' responses evoke reactions from non-participants within and beyond the specific religious group, exploring variations, from obvious fractures between groups to curiosity to enthusiastic support. My specific case focuses on Thaipusam processions in Singapore as one of the most colourful, organized and long-lasting religious processions. .
Matsuri : world of Japanese festivals
Best of 1999-2009
The royal pilgrimage of the goddess Nanda
Queering tourism : paradoxical performances at gay pride parades
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
The great melodies the world loves best, vol.8
Toward the end of the fifteenth century, Spanish Christians near the border of Castile and Muslim-ruled Granada held complex views about religious tolerance. People living in frontier cities bore much of the cost of war against Granada and faced the greatest risk of retaliation, but had to reconcile an ideology of holy war with the genuine admiration many felt for individual members of other religious groups. After a century of near-continuous truces, a series of political transformations in Castile - including those brought about by the civil wars of Enrique IV's reign, the final war with Granada, and Fernando and Isabel's efforts to reestablish royal authority - incited a broad reaction against religious minorities. As Thomas Devaney shows, this active hostility was triggered by public spectacles that emphasized the foreignness of Muslims, Jews, and recent converts to Christianity. Enemies in the Plaza traces the changing attitudes toward religious minorities as manifested in public spectacles ranging from knightly tournaments, to religious processions, to popular festivals. Drawing on contemporary chronicles and municipal records as well as literary and architectural evidence, Devaney explores how public pageantry originally served to dissipate the anxieties fostered by the give-and-take of frontier culture and how this tradition of pageantry ultimately contributed to the rejection of these compromises. Through vivid depictions of frontier personalities, cities, and performances, Enemies in the Plaza provides an account of how public spectacle served to negotiate and articulate the boundaries between communities as well as to help Castilian nobles transform the frontier's religious ambivalence into holy war.
Francis Alÿs : the modern procession
Jazz religion, the second line, and Black New Orleans
Enemies in the plaza : urban spectacle and the end of Spanish frontier culture, 1460-1492
The celebration of society : perspectives on contemporary cultural performance
Orange parades : the politics of ritual, tradition and control
