http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9553 fights
fights
Deviance and social control in sport
Starting with the essential concepts, including Victim Control and Reversal of Energy, you will learn how to perform all of the following moves: slapping, punching, kicking, strangling, pulling and pushing, falling, locking, blocking. Each technique is clearly described, extensively illustrated, and accompanied by online videos demonstrating it in slow motion and at full speed. Also included are chapters on understanding and conveying your character's pain, and creating and rehearsing your own fight sequence. For those already trained in stage combat, it will serve as a comprehensive reminder of what you have learned, and supplement your ongoing training. For amateur, fringe and student companies, the book offers a thorough understanding of the practicalities of staging a fight, but also helps you to recognise when you may need to call upon the services of a qualified professional. Whatever your current level of experience, Stage Combat: Unarmed is the essential book for directors, actors, students and teachers, or indeed anyone looking to incorporate safe, effective stage fights into their productions.
Wet : PlayStation 3
Animal fights in ancient India
The whisperer
The Art of Unarmed Stage Combat is your guide to the principles and techniques of theatrical violence, combining detailed discussions of the mechanics of stage fighting with the nuances of acting decisions to make fighting styles reflect character and story. Expert Fight Director Robert Najarian offers never-before-published games and exercises that will allow you to develop the skills and concepts for performing violence for stage and screen. This title utilizes a unique system of training techniques that result in stage violence that is both physically engaging for you as a performer, while remaining viscerally engaging for the audience.
Brothers in arms
Fight Club
Portraits of peer violence in public space : experiences from young people in four localities in Europe
Reaching and teaching children who hurt : strategies for your classroom
The cockfight : a casebook
Crossing the line
Carnage
Kiss or Kill is a scene-study book for younger actors with a focus on love and fight scenes requiring physical contact between the actors. Fight scenes are difficult to stage and perform believably, and love scenes can be even more challenging. They both require a sensitivity to an actor's scene partner throughout the rehearsal process, and the discipline to switch from being emotionally present in the moment to being physically in control. This collection provides a rare opportunity for younger actors to really learn how to rehearse and perform the difficult maneuvers of romance and battle. The scenes require respect and tact in the rehearsal process, yet they provide actors and audience a wonderful opportunity to experience grand passions!Kiss or Kill is a 'how-to-lay-hands-on' text. Topics in the scene introductions include: scene requirements ; character analysis ; period style and quality of movement ; rehearsal techniques ; choreography suggestions ; slow-motion preparation ; awareness of performance space ; set, props, and weapons ; safety suggestions and safety demands. The 50 fight and love scenes in this anthology are taken from the full spectrum of dramatic literature, from the Greeks to contemporary theater. The collection includes duets, trios, and group scenes. Most importantly, they are great fun to rehearse and perform! Steve Ramshur is the Artistic Director of the NYU Graduate Acting Alumni Writers Forum, a laboratory for the development of budding playwrights. Previously he has been a director, actor, and professor, and he has been a fight director for productions on and Off-Broadway.
The fat mexican: the bloody rise of the bandidos motorcycle club
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
"We'll get you next week!" : a statistical and descriptive study of violent encounters based on video footage analysis : a preliminary report
The return of Johnny Kemp
How to draw manga : illustrating battles
Bouncers : violence and governance in the night-time economy
No one messes with Johnny Kemp. But Dan got him kicked out of school and now word on the street is that Johnny's back - and he's looking for Dan. Will anyone help Dan face up to the bully...?
Kiss or kill : contact scenes of love and strife for student actors
The great outdoor fight
Lights out. volume 1
Establishment and maintenance of dominance hierarchies in signal crayfish : effects of resource availability and population density
The knife that killed me
Caged warrior
Play fighting
The art of unarmed stage combat
Neds : non educated delinquents
Lionheart : the streetfighter
The outsiders
Brad has dumped Luke's sister. Now Luke has to fight Brad. Will Luke come out of it a hero / WorldCat.
The interpretation of cultures : selected essays
The Warriors
Violence in the bar-room : a comparative study between Germany and Finland
The book of heroes
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
The riot
Rituals and ceremonies in popular culture
Interpretive social science : a second look
