http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9559 radio navigation
radio navigation
Admiralty list of radio signals : volume 3, Part 1, 2011/12 : Maritime safety information services: Europe, Africa and Asia (exluding the Far East)
Handbook for radio operators
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish List of Lights : 2005.
Suomen rannikon loistot 2010 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster 2010 = Finnish list of lights 2010.
Electronics, navigational aids and radio theory for electrotechnical officers
International Meeting on Radio Aids to Marine Navigation May, 1946. Vol. 2, Radio navigation, radar and position fixing systems for use in marine navigation
The instant handbook of boat handling, navigation, and seamanship : a quick reference for sail and power
Admiralty list of radio signals. Vol. 6, part 5, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations : North America, Canada and Greenland
Model course. 1.25, General Operator's Certificate for the Global Maritime Distress and Safety System
Radio navigation for pilots
Admiralty list of radio signals : pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations. Vol. 6, Asia and Australasia
Maritime navigation and radiocommunication equipment and systems : integrated navigation systems - part 2: modular structure for ins - operational and performance requirements, methods of testing and required test results (IEC 61924-2:2012)
Model course 1.31 : second-class radioelectronic certificate for global maritime distress and safety system radio personnel
Avionics for the pilot : an introduction to navigational and radio systems for aircraft
Maritime navigation and radiocommunication equipment and systems : integrated Bridge systems (IBS) - Operational and performance requirements, methods of testing and required test results = Matériels systèmes de navigation et de radiocommunication maritimes : Systèmes intégres de passerelle - Exigences d'exploitation et de fonctionnement, méthodes d'essai et résultats d'essai exigés
The admiralty list of radio signals. 2, Navigational aids
Divided into three sections, the book includes the complete syllabus for Electrotechnology Officers as specified by the Association of Marine Electronic and Radio Colleges (AMERC), with each section providing a series of questions and answers that will give the student practice at working at the examination level.The book introduces basic electronics, physical concepts of atoms and how electricity flows, conductors, insulators. It also introduces resistors, semiconductors, capacitor inductors and tuned circuits.The book explores the theory of how a range of navigational aids and radio systems work, how to operate and test them, and how to fault find to component or sub system level. Additionally, it includes theory of how radio communications systems work, how to operate them, and how to fault find to component or subsystem level.Importantly, this is the first textbook to be aimed primarily at ETOs, covering the changes to the STCW 2010.
Suomen rannikon loistot 2007 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish list of lights
The navigators' guide to hyperbolic navigation / H. Neville Davies
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 2, NP 286(2) 2012/13, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, Europe, Arctic and Baltic coasts, including Iceland and Faeroe Islands
Model course. 1.25, General operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system
Model course 1.07 : general operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system, 2004 edition
Admiralty list of radio signals : Vol. 5 : Global maritime distress and safety system (GMDSS)
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 2 2013/14, Radio aids to navigation, differential GPS (DGPS), legal time, radio time signals and electronic position fixing system
The Admiralty list of radio signals
Aviation electronics
Radar observer's handbook : for merchant navy officers
Mariner's guide to marine communications : a practical guide
Aircraft communications and navigation systems : principles, maintenance and operation for aircraft engineers and technicians
The air pilot's manual. Volume 5 : Instrument flying, radio navigation aids, instrument procedures, night flying, IMC rating, night rating
