http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9567 pop art
pop art
Jim Love : from now on
Splat boom pow! : the influence of cartoons in contemporary art
Mel Ramos : pop art images
Pop art : 50 works of art you should know
Jeff Koons : conversations with Norman Rosenthal
Pop art : an international perspective / ed. by Marco Livingston ; with contributions by Dan Cameron... [et al.]
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
POPism : the Warhol'60s
The life and death of Andy Warhol
EuroPop : a dialogue with the US
Pop video : the art of pop video
This is Warhol
Modern art : impressionism to post-modernism
Modern dreams : the rise and fall and rise of pop
Haring : 1958 - 1990 : a life for art
The Japanese experience : inevitable
Pop art : a continuing history
Kitsch : history, theory, practise
Popdelic patterns : 60's pop culture & psychedelic
At the time of Warhol
A film documentary about the first curator of contemporary art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Henry Geldzahler.          Features documentary footage of the New York City art world in the 1960's,1970's, and 1980's, including Geldzahler's visits to artists' studios, gallery openings, and footage of Geldzahler's groundbreaking exhibition at the Metropolitan, "New York Painting and Sculpture, 1940-1970." Also includes interviews with artists Frank Stella, David Hockney, Ellsworth Kelly, James Rosenquist, Larry Poons, Mark di Suvero, Francesco Clemente, and John Chamberlain who discuss Geldzahler's contribution to contemporary art.
Art of the 20th century
Richard Hamilton : Swingeing London 67 (f)
Erró : konst historia, politik, vetenskap fantasi : art history, politics, science fiction
POPism : the Warhol sixties
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
Pop architecture : a sophisticated interpretation of popular culture? / editor Andreas C.  Papadakis
"The most important and best-loved artists of the Pop art movement are gathered in this accessible book of painting, photography, film, and sculpture. When it emerged in the 1950s, the Pop art movement presented a challenge to fine art with its incorporation of images from television, newspapers, and advertising, dissolving the barriers between high and low culture. Over time, Pop developed into one of the most influential movements of the 20th century and many of its works have achieved iconic status. This introduction to Pop art focuses on 50 of the movement's most important works and covers every major artist associated with the style, including David Hockney, Jasper Johns, Roy Lichtenstein, Robert Rauschenberg, and Andy Warhol. Each work is featured on a beautifully illustrated spread. An informative text highlights the work's classic characteristics, its unusual aspects, and its significance in the Pop movement. Including brief biographies of the artists, this book is a beautifully illustrated survey of Pop art"--Information from amazon.com, viewed Nov. 4, 2013.
The adventures of Jodelle
The pop revolution : the people who radically transformed the art world
Pop art / David McCarthy
Mind over matter : the images of Pink Floyd
Pop art : movements of modern art / Michael Compton ; general editor: Trewin Copplestone
Pop Art redefined / John Russell, Suzi Gablik
Pop art : a critical history / edited by: Steven Henry Madoff
Konst, historia, politik, vetenskap, fantasi = Art history, politics, science fiction
An aesthetics of the popular arts : an approach to the popular arts from the aesthetic point of view
Figurative art since 1945.
Contemporary art : the essential guide to 200 groundbreaking artists
Öyvind Fahlström : Die Installationen = The Installations
Pop as art : a survey of the new super realism
Pop art : a new generation of style
Erró : taidehistoriaa, politiikkaa, science fictionia = art history, politics, science fiction
Pop life : art in a material world
Poster-art : innovation in poster design
Kitsch : an anthology of bad taste
International pop
Jani Leinonen : tottelemattomuuskoulu : tottelemattomuuden käsikirja = School of disobedience : handbook of disobedience
Pop! : the world of Pop art
Dead children playing : a picture book
Reconstructing pop/subculture : art, rock, and Andy Warhol
Keith Haring : 1958-1990 : a life for art
The long march of pop : art, music, and design 1930-1995
Pop art : the independent group to neo pop, 1952-90
Andy Warhol 1928-1987 : works from the collections of José Mugrabi and an Isle of Man Company
Pop art book
Andy Warhol prints : a catalogue raisonné : Werkverzeichnis Druckgraphik
Brad '61 : portrait of the artist as a young man
Jasper Johns : a retrospective
Pop-art-rock : the Andy Warhol connection : art-rock 1966-85
Flash frames : a new pop culture
Psychedelic : optical and visionary art since the 1960s
Pop to popism : [with the exhibition "'Pop to Popism", Art Gallery of New South Wales, 1 November 2014 - 1 March 2015]
Sndy Warhol : a retrospective
Roy Lichtenstein 1923-1997 : the irony of the banal
Introducing Op Art
Andy Warhol prints : a catalogue raisonné
Warhol / David Bourdon
Andy Warhol : retrospective
Pop art and the contest over American culture
Andy Warhol 1928-1987 : commerce into art
The art of the Beatles
History of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
Stencil Graffiti
Mati & the music : 52 record covers = portadas de discos, 1955/2005 : a book about = un libro sobre Mati Klarwein
Pop art / Lucy R. Lippard ; with contributions by Lawrence Alloway, Nancy Marmer, Nicolas Calas
Pop art and vernacular cultures / edited by Kobena Mercer
Andy Warhol : series and singles
Erro : taidehistoriaa, politiikkaa, science fictionia = art history, politics, science fiction
Spain is different : Post-pop and the new image in Spain = Post-pop y la nueva imagen en Espana : Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts, Norwich, July - August 1998 : Museo de la Ciudad, Valencia, enero - febrero 1999 / [edited by William Jeffett]
Andy Warhol : pop art painter
Pop art : a continuing history / Marco Livingstone
The contemporary art book
The prints of Andy Warhol
Hey ! moderne art & pop culture. Art show part II : Musee de la Halle st. Pierre
Pop painting : inspiration and techniques from the pop surrealism art phenomenon
Mel Ramos : Heroines, Goddesses, Beauty Queens
Pop art : contemporary perspectives
American pop art
Robert Indiana : new perstectives
Embraced by aesthetics of pop / Harri Kalha
Mirror, black mirror
Pushwagners Soft city
Curiosa : celebrity relics, historical fossils, & other metamorphic rubbish
Who gets to call it art? : [a film about Henry Geldzahler]
Pop art redefined / John Russell, Suzi Gablik
Hockney at Tate
Hand-painted pop : American art in transition 1955-62
"A unique behind-the-scenes guide to the painting process of one of the most popular artists working in the growing, underground art scene of Pop Surrealism. Painting superstar Camilla d'Errico opens up her studio and offers readers an insider scoop on the tools, techniques, and inspirations she draws from to create stunningly beautiful, otherworldly works of art. Pop Surrealism, with its unique blend of high art and popular culture, has been a growing force in the art world for years. Artists working in Pop Surrealism use elements of manga, cartoons, movies, and more to produce paintings that have been displayed in galleries and purchased by collectors around the globe. In addition to her work in manga and as the author of the best-selling Pop Manga, d'Errico is also one of the Pop Surrealism movement's biggest names. From high-end art galleries to comic book conventions, d'Errico's works draw legions of fans, collectors, and admirers. With Pop Painting, fans and aspiring painters get an up-close look at the step-by-step processes she employs to transform oil and acrylic paints into unforgettable images of her ethereal and beautiful characters. This one-of-a-kind look at a painter at the top of her field reveals all the materials and methods readers need to join the ranks of the Pop Surrealism movement"--
Tilson
Revolt into style : the pop arts in Britain
The contemporary print : from pre-pop to postmodernism
Roy Lichtenstein : all about art
Claes Oldenburg : Dibujos, 1959-1989 : de la colección de Claes Oldenburg y Coosje van Bruggen = Drawings, 1959-1989 : from the collection of Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen
From A to B & back again : the philosophy of Andy Warhol
Celebrating Leo Castelli and pop art : Jasper Johns, Roy Lichtenstein, Claes Oldenburg, Robert Rauschenberg, James Rosenquist, Andy Warhol
Claes Oldenburg : large-scale projects 1977-1980 : a chronicle
Airshow
Roy Lichtenstein / Lawrence Alloway
Discourses : conversations in postmodern art and culture
The Andy Warhol diaries
