http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9569 reading of music
reading of music
The guitarist's link to sight reading
Modus novus : Lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning : Lehrbuch in freitonal Melodielesung : Studies in reading atonal melodies
Guitar sight-reading. 2 : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour la guitare : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Spiel auf der Gitarre : eine erfrischend neue Methode
Joining the dots : a fresh approach to piano sight-reading. Book 4.
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations : grades I-V
Learning to read music : how to make sense of those mysterious symbols and bring music alive
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Piano : grades I-III
Learning to read music : how to make sense of those mysterious symbols
Unlocking the secrets of playing drums. Level 3
Unlocking the secrets of playing guitar. Level 2
Building choral excellence : teaching sight-singing in the choral rehearsal
Sight-reading : the rhythm book
Note reading studies for bass
How to blitz! sight reading
Simplified sight-reading for bass: from the fundamentals to the entire fingerboard
An action research on the use of figurenotes in primary school music education
Sight-read with Chester : Solve the sight-reading mystery. Casebook number one
Music reading for keyboard : the complete method
Harmony & theory : a comprehensive source for all musicians
How to blitz! sight singing : training for your eyes and ears
Classical music without fear : a guide for general audiences
Do-it-yourself musical ear training
What not to play  : A drummer's guide to crafting a drum part
How to blitz! sight reading. Book 1
The bassist's link to sight reading
How to blitz! sight singing
Score reading. Book IV : Oratorios
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on trumpet ; french horn ; cornet ; flugel horn ; tenor horn ; euphonium
Sight singing made simple : an audio course for group or self study
Solfege and sonority : teaching music reading in the choral classroom
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 3, Capturing the basic chord qualities
The art of transcribing : drum set. Book 1
For guitar players only : short cuts in technique, sight reading and studio playing
Preparatory exercises in score reading = Vorbereitende Übungen im Partiturlesen
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on clarinet
Really easy guitar! : how to read TAB
I can read music : a note reading book for cello students, volume 1
Mel Bay's stage band drummer's guide : A guide to reading contemporary drum charts
Sight-reading made easy : next step guitar
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Violin : grades 1-5 : supplementary exercises
Solfege, ear training, rhythm, dictation, and music theory : a comprehensive course
Guitar basics sight-reading : fun activities and pieces to improve sight-reading and musicianship
Developing sight-reading skills in the jazz idiom. Eb instruments
The Basic Guide to How To Read Music
Developing sight-reading skills in the jazz idiom. Bb instruments
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 2, Twelve basic interval sounds to master
Score reading. Book 1 : Orchestration
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations : grades I-V : double bass
Rhythmic reading for drummers
Inside the score : a detailed analysis of 8 classic jazz ensemble charts
Guitar sight-reading : a fresh approach. 1
Music reading for guitar : the complete method
Skill development in music reading : the eye-movement approach
Sight-read with Chester : Solve the sight-reading mystery. Casebook number two
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations : grades I-V. Violin
Ear training : basic instruction in melody and rhythm reading
How to follow a score
Training the ear. Volume 2, a compositional approach to intermediate level harmonic ear training : dyads, triads, seventh chords, inversions, altered chords, chord extensions, modes, chord/scale relationships, chord progressions, chord substitutions
Score reading. [5], twentieth century music
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on flute, oboe, saxophone
How to read a score
Basic music theory : how to read, write, and understand written music
Reading studies for guitar : a comprehensive approach to developing practical sight-reading skills : all keys : positions one through seven
The musician's guide to reading & writing music
Comprehensive guitar note reading guide. Volume 1
Horn sight-reading : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le cor : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Spiel auf dem Waldhorn : eine erfrischend neue Methode
The "real easy" ear training book : a beginning/intermediate guide to hearing the chord changes
LESSONS IN TRANSPOSITION AND TRANSPOSE AT SIGHT
Sight reading mastery for bass guitar : learn to read music the right way
Music in Greek and Roman culture
Score reading : a key to the music experience
Read music from scratch : a complete guide to reading music for beginners
Essentials of music notation
Sight-read any rhythm instantly : [all instruments]
Mental imagery and modality-specific distraction in musicians during music reading
Score reading : a series grades excerps
Musicianship & sight reading for guitarists
Sight to sound : a guide to reading for the studio
Lauluviikarin ABC : The singing rascals ABC
Harmony for computer musicians
Mel Bay's stage band drummer's guide : drummers guide : (a guide to reading and understanding stage band drum charts)
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 1, Scale forms through six basic tetrachords
Modus vetus : sight singing and ear-training in major/minor tonality
Sight singing : pitch, interval, rhythm
Lead sheet bible : a step-by-step guide to writing lead sheets and chord charts : for all musicians
Modus novus : lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrobuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = studies in reading atonal melodies
Sing today! : a complete guide to the basics. Level 1.
Score reading. 4, oratorios
Unlocking the secrets of playing guitar. Level 3
Theories of musical texture in western history
Mel Bay's Stage Band : Drummer's Guide : A guide to reading contemporary drum charts
How to read music in 10 lessons
Sight-singing : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le chant : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Singen : eine erfrischend neue Methode. 1
Unlocking the secrets of playing guitar. Level 1
Saxophone sight-reading 1 : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le saxophone 1 = Vom-Platt-Spiel auf dem Saxophon 1 : eine erfrischend neue Methode
Score reading. Book 5, Twentieth-century music
Introducing music
The musician's guide to aural skills. Volume 1, Sight-singing, rhythm-reading, improvisation, and keyboard skills
How to read music : for singing, guitar, piano, organ and most instruments
Lessons in transposition and transpose at sight
Encyclopedia of reading rhytms
In What Not to Play! Denny Seiwell draws on his decades of experience to show novice and accomplished drummers alike how to craft the perfect drum part in any recording or gigging situation, often de-constructing his work on existing recordings (such as "My Love" and "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey") in the process. The book also includes exercises for waking up the hands and tips on interpreting charts and sight-reading. The included DVD expands on the material as Denny provides both audio and visual examples that will help students in the rewarding experience of crafting a drum part.
Modus novus : Lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = Studies in reading atonal melodies
Sound at sight : guitar. Initial-grade 3
Score reading. Book 3, Concertos
Solfege, ear training, rhythm, dictation, and music theory : a comprehensive course [3rd edition, revised and enlarged]
Modus novus : lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = studies in reading atonal melodies
How to read music
You can read music
Beginning theory for adults : the grown-up approach to music theory
Score reading. Book 2, Musical form
I can read music : a note reading book for cello students, volume 2
Sight singing made simple : An audio course for group or self study
A synthesis of recent theories of tonal melody, contour, and the diatonic scale : implications for aural perception and cognition
Sound at sight : guitar. Grades 4-8
Music reading for bass : the complete guide
Score reading. Book 1, Orchestration
Score reading. Book 4, Oratorios
Performance ear training
Sight-reading for rock guitarists
Sight-singing : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le chant : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Singen : eine erfrischend neue Methode. 2
Sight-sing any melody instantly : voice
Progressive reading for guitarists = Letture progressive per chitarristi = Schule des blattspiels auf der gitarre
Beginning ear training
