http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9564 military policy
military policy
Nuclear weapons and NATO : analytical survey of literature
Cities under siege : the new military urbanism
The edge : is the military dominance of the west coming to an end?
China's military modernization : building for regional and global reach
Russian civil-military relations
The echo of battle : the army's way of war
Between two oceans : a military history of Singapore from first settlement to final British withdrawal
A nuclear strategy for India
Superpower illusions : how myths and false ideologies led America astray-- and how to return to reality
In this book, the author focuses on southern Afghanistan in the year of Obama's surge. This is the story of the long arc of American involvement, and of the campaign to salvage a victory in southern Afghanistan on Obama's watch., and reveals the epic tug of war that occurred between the President and a military that, once on the ground, increasingly went its own way.
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Finnish military politics between the two world wars
When the major powers sent troops to the Korean peninsula in June of 1950, it supposedly marked the start of one of the last century's bloodiest conflicts. In volume 1, Allan Millett, however, reveals that the Korean War actually began with partisan clashes two years earlier and had roots in the political history of Korea under Japanese rule, 1910-1945. In volume 2, he shifts his focus to the twelve-month period from North Korea's invasion of South Korea on June 25, 1950, through the end of June 1951 -- the most active phase of the internationalized "Korean War".
The strategic Defence Initiative : US policy and the Soviet Union
Rethinking Japanese security : internal and external dimensions
Russia's security policy at the turn of the millennium
European security and NATO enlargement : papers from the international sudent seminar held on 5th December 2000 in Prague, Czech Republic
War in a time of peace : Bush, Clinton, and the generals
Japan's security strategy in the post-9/11 world : embracing a new realpolitik
Spain's entry into NATO
Pakistan's arms procurement and military build-up, 1979-99 : in search of a policy
American way of war : guided missiles, miguided men, and a republic in peril
The new imperial challenge
Core values and the expeditionary mindset : armed forces in metamorphosis
American strategy in World War II : a reconsideration
Russian military policy and strategy
Strategic survey, 1987/1988
Developing battlefield technologies in the 1990s
The American culture of war : the history of U.S. military force from World War II to Operation Iraqi Freedom
Soldiers of reason : the Rand Corporation and the rise of the American empire
The war over Iraq : Saddam's tyranny and America's mission
European Union security dynamics : in the new national interest
Power, terror, peace, and war : America's grand strategy in a world at risk
Soldiers and societies in postcommunist Europe : legitimacy and change
Breeding bio insecurity : how U.S. biodefense is exporting fear, globalizing risk, and making us all less secure
North Korea's military-diplomatic campaigns, 1966-2008
Defense Planning and Arms Control : proceedings of A Special NSAI Conference 12-14 June 1980, National Defense University
The Soviet perspective on the Strategic Defense Initiative
British intelligence and the Japanese challenge in Asia, 1914-41
The changing European defence industry sector - consequences for Sweden? : a conference at the National Defence College in Stockholm
Astropolitik : classical geopolitics in the Space Age
Little America : the war within the war for Afghanistan
France and the new imperialism : security policy in Sub-Saharan Africa
Security in a changing world : guidelines for Finland's security policy : report by the Council of State to the Parliament, 6 June 1995.
China's foreign policy
An account of the transformation of the CIA and America's special operations forces into man-hunting and killing machines in the world's dark spaces: the new American way of war.
US intervention policy and army innovation : from Vietnam to Iraq
The scope and pace of the rise of China
Development of rapid-reaction forces
"China was defeated during the first Sino-Japanese war and Japan was defeated during World War II including the second Sino-Japanese war. Since then, the relationship between China and Japan has varied between good and bad. This book does not discuss various trivial disputes between China and Japan; instead it considers the real cause, which is the competition to become a Pacific Empire, which would lead to the third Sino-Japanese war and would eventually challenge the current Pacific Empire, the United States of America. Under such a circumstance, the book discusses various aspects on the third Sino-Japanese war from a Chinese viewpoint."--Publisher's description.
Engaging India : diplomacy, democracy, and the bomb
European Union and strategy : an emerging actor
Russian military thinking and threat perception - a Finnish view
Russia's foreign security policy in the 21st century : Putin, Medvedev, and beyond
The illusion of control : forced and foreign policy in the twenty-first century
Selling a 'just' war : framing, legitimacy, and US military intervention
Ukraine and beyond : Russia's strategic security challenge to Europe
Russian strategic modernization : the past and future
Russian nuclear weapons : past, present, and future
Political victory : the elusive prize of military wars
Ambiguous order : military forces in African states
The United States and the world : contributions to the Conference on "The United States and the World" organised by the Atlantic Council of Finland in Helsinki on 21 November 2003
The Soviet view of war, peace, and neutrality
Ending Obama's war : responsible military withdrawal from Afghanistan
War plans and alliances in the Cold War : threat perceptions in the East and West
Surge : my journey with General David Petraeus and the remaking of the Iraq War
European crisis management and defence : the search for capabilities
Changing patterns of military politics
Deterrence and arms control : American and West German perspectives on INF
Identifying constraints such as an inflexible constitution, inherent antimilitarism, and its position as a U.S. security client, Japan as a 'Normal Country'? goes on to analyse factors that could make Japan a more effective regional and global player. These essays ultimately consider how Japan could leverage its considerable human, cultural, technological, and financial capital to benefit both its citizens and the world."--pub. desc.
Russia in perspective : Scenarios of Russia's economic future 10 to 20 years ahead
The Pentagon's new map : war and peace in the twenty-first century
The revolution in military affairs : implications for Canada and NATO
A war of a different kind : military force and America's search for homeland security
Soviet military policy : a historical analysis
Warfare state : Britain, 1920-1970
From 9/11 to terror war : the dangers of the Bush legacy
Mussolini and his generals : the armed forces and fascist foreign policy, 1922-1940
The Political implications of Soviet military power
Arms and influence
The Soviet Union : the incomplete superpower
The Russian operational-tactical Iskander missile system
The future of Soviet military power
Resistant islands : Okinawa confronts Japan and the United States
The EU and military operations : a comparative analysis
Selected Soviet military writings 1970-1975 : a Soviet view
The role of the Chinese military in national security policymaking
The rise and fall of the Brezhnev Doctrine in Soviet foreign policy
Non-military dimensions of the arctic security and military-political realities
"This book provides the first comprehensive review of the European Union's role in military conflict management beyond its borders and makes an important contribution to debates on the EU's role in global security governance. The EU has launched five military operations within the framework of its Common Security and Defence Policy with the explicit purpose to help manage violent conflicts beyond its borders. This book develops a definition and a set of criteria for success in military conflict management and applies this new analytical framework in a comparative case study of the five EU military operations undertaken in Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Chad and the Central African Republic. Having evaluated their success the book goes on to explore the conditions under which military conflict management operations conducted by international organizations are successful and explores the implications of its findings for the future theory and practice of military conflict management. This book will be of interest to students and scholars of security studies, conflict studies, European Union politics and foreign policy and global security governance"--
The hidden grand narrative of western military policy : a linguistic analysis of American strategic communication
Rethinking Japanese public opinion and security : from pacifism to realism?
Rumsfeld : his rise, fall, and catastrophic legacy
The nuclear revolution in Soviet military affairs
Dialogue with the Mediterranean : the role of NATO's Mediterranean initiative
The new nuclear danger : George W. Bush's military-industrial complex
The way of the knife : the CIA, a secret army, and a war at the ends of the Earth
Multilateral security and ESDP operations
The future of NATO : 140th Bergedorf Round Table, June 13-15, 2008, Berlin
In the sobering aftermath of America's invasion of Iraq, documentarian Jarecki launches a penetrating inquiry into how forces within the American political, economic, and military systems have come to undermine the carefully crafted structure of our republic--upsetting its balance of powers, vastly strengthening the hand of the president in taking the nation to war, and imperiling the workings of American democracy. Surveying a scorched landscape of America's military adventures and misadventures, Jarecki's account includes interviews with leading figures in the Bush administration, Congress, the military, academia, and the defense industry. Their insights expose the deepest roots of American war making. As Jarecki powerfully argues, only concerted action by the American people can, and must, compel the nation back on course.--From publisher description.
The European Union and the use of military force : uncovering the myths
The Trans-Saharan counter-terrorism initiative : the US war on terrorism in Northwest Africa
Reorganisation of the Russian armed forces (2005-2015)
Differentiated integration : explaining variation in the European Union
Vietnam and the American political tradition : the politics of dissent
The New Dealers' war : Franklin D. Roosevelt and the war within World War II
The third Sino-Japanese war : dream of Pacific Empire
Military geographies
Arctic security in an age of climate change
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
Imagined enemies : China prepares for uncertain war
The Chinese high command : a history of communist military politics, 1927-71
Governing the military : professional autonomy in the Chinese People's Liberation Army
The fiscal-military state in eighteenth-century Europe : essays in honour of P. G. M. Dickson
The Russian economy in 2009 : steep decline despite crisis management
The European Union and military force : governance and strategy
European defence cooperation : sovereignty and the capacity to act
New thinking in Soviet military policy
Japan as a 'normal country'? : a nation in search of its place in the world
Arabs at war : military effectiveness, 1948-1991
The challenge of change : military institutions and new realities, 1918-1941
The mission : waging war and keeping peace with America's military
Politics and the military in Israel 1967-1977
"The Common Security and Defence Policy maps out how the EU - established primarily to be an economic organisation - can purposefully prepare for and apply the use of military force. In this insightful work, Per M. Norheim-Martinsen argues that, since the EU is not a state but nevertheless does embody some non-intergovernmental characteristics, neither EU studies nor strategic studies is sufficient for fully understanding the Policy itself. Combining the two fields, the author utilises the instrumentality and clarity of the strategic approach, while retaining an understanding of the unique character of the EU as a strategic actor. In so doing, he provides a fruitful conceptual framework for analysing the development of the CSDP, how it functions in practice and how it will continue to evolve in the face of the challenges which lie ahead. This book will appeal to scholars and advanced students of European studies, international relations and strategic studies"--
NATO - towards a new strategic concept 2010
Australian and US military cooperation : fighting common enemies
The war for Korea, 1950-1951 : they came from the north
Preventive force : drones, targeted killing, and the transformation of contemporary warfare
Rabin and Israel's national security
Rearming Israel : defense procurement through the 1990s
The emergence of Imperial Japan : self-defense or calculated aggression?
Militarism and Israeli society
Britain's retreat from east of Suez : the choice between Europe and the world
Putin's Russia : past imperfect, future uncertain
Undermining the Kremlin : America's strategy to subvert the Soviet Bloc, 1947-1956
Fear's empire : war, terrorism, and democracy
Retaliatory issues for the U.S. strategic nuclear forces
The choice of war : the Iraq War and the just war tradition
Total insecurity : the myth of American omnipotence
Uncertain Europe : building a new European security order?
"For decades, Japan's foreign policy has been seen by both internal and external observers as abnormal in relation to its size and level of sophistication. Japan as a 'Normal Country'? is a thematic and geographically comparative discussion of the unique limitations of Japanese foreign and defence policy. The contributors reappraise the definition of normality and ask whether Japan is indeed abnormal, what it would mean to become normal, and whether the country can - or should - become so.
Should we fear Russia?
Beyond Crimea : the new Russian empire
Pakistan : between mosque and military
Transformation under fire : revolutionizing how America fights
The transformation of Russian military doctrine : lessons learned from Kosovo and Chechnya
Russian armed forces in transition : economic, geopolitical and institutional uncertainties
The European Union : a global actor?
European security policy and strategic culture
This book argues that the conditions of research in bioweapons and biosecurity pose a greater risk to health and security of Americans than do bioterrorist attacks, but that this risk can be countered and defeated with greater efforts against infectious diseases and greater international oversight and transparency.
The imaginary war : civil defence and American cold war culture
Government-company relationships in the arms industry: between change and stability : Cost Action A 10 : Proceedings of the workshop organised by the Cost Action A 10 Ŕestructuring of defence industries ́working group and University of Versailles-Saint-Quentin, C3ed at the École des mines, Paris, 12 November 1998
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
Military politics and democratization in Indonesia
The changing face of European conscription
Science of coercion : communication research and psychological warfare 1945-1960
The European armed forces in transition : a comparative analysis
The European Union and military conflict management : defining, evaluating and achieving success
Beyond North Korea : future challenges to South Korea's security
Periphery or contact zone? : the NATO flanks 1961 to 2013
Nuclear transformation : the new U.S. nuclear doctrine
Israel and the bomb
The last refuge : Yemen, al-Qaeda, and America's war in Arabia
Changing military doctrine : presidents and military power in fifth Republic France, 1958-2000
The counterterror coalitions : cooperation with Europe, NATO, and the European Union
Defense and security : a compendium of national armed forces and security policies
Components of defense policy
On limited nuclear war in the 21st century
China rising : reactions, assessments, and strategic consequences
Strategies of containment : a critical appraisal of postwar American national security policy
Washington rules : America's path to permanent war
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
