http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9568 ear training
ear training
Growing in music with movable do : a manual of systematic vocal instruction, grades 1 to 4
Solfege according to the Kodály-concept. 2, Intermediate level : chapters 6 to 9
Sightsinging complete
Specimen aural tests : from 2011 with 2 CDs. Grades 1-3
Programed ear training. Volume 1, Intervals
The Kodaly concept : its history, philosophy and development
Building choral excellence : teaching sight-singing in the choral rehearsal
Polyrhythmic : Advanced Rhythmic Studies
The musician's guide to aural skills. Volume 2
Studying rhythm
Music for sight singing
Beginning ear training : Ear training : exercises
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 5 : lessons 70 to 77
Solfege according to the Kodály-concept. Vol. 2, Pupil's book
Ear training. Volume 1 : Scale forms through six basic tetrachords : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music
Jazz ears : : aural skills for the improvising musician
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 7 : lessons 86 to 93
Teaching students how to associate sight and sound in learning music fundamentals and four-part harmony
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 4 : lessons 58 to 69
The musician's guide to aural skills. Volume 1
Essential ear training : for the contemporary musician
The "real easy" ear training book : a beginning/intermediate guide to hearing the chord changes
Training the ear. Volume 2, a compositional approach to intermediate level harmonic ear training : dyads, triads, seventh chords, inversions, altered chords, chord extensions, modes, chord/scale relationships, chord progressions, chord substitutions
Ear training : one note complete method
Modus novus : lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonalen Melodielesung = Studies in reading atonal melodies
Ear training : workbook. 2
Music theory : a practical guide for all musicians
A study of the choral conductor's ear-tarining process,, and the development of an ear-training workbook for choral conductors
Specimen aural tests : from 2011 with 2 CDs. Grades 4 & 5
The very young pianist listens and creates. Book 3
Solfege, ear training, rhythm, dictation, and music theory : a comprehensive course [3rd edition, revised and enlarged]
A New approach to ear training for jazz musicians
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhytmic studies
Musical reading Anwriting : Pupil's book : volume 8 : Lessons 94 to 100
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 3 : lessons 47 to 57
Aural matters : A student's guide to aural perception at advanced level
Beginning ear training
Toward a theory of instruction in aural skills
Choral Method : 333 reading exercises
A study of the effect of hand signs in the development of sight singing skills
Ear training tapes for the jazz musician. 5, II-V7 patterns
Specimen aural tests : from 2011 with 2 CDs. Grade 8
Developing musicianship through aural skills : a holistic approach to sight singing and ear training
First steps to ear training
Two-part melodic dictation of living music = Kaksiääninen melodiadiktaatti elävästä musiikista. 1
Performance ear training
Jazz ear training : Learning to hear your way through music
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 2, Twelve basic interval sounds to master
Modus vetus : sight singing and ear-training in major/minor tonality
Lines. Volume 1 : sight reading and sight singing exercises
Didactical perspectives of aural training
Programed ear training. Volume 3, Chords, part 1
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 2 : lessons 31 to 46
Specimen aural tests : from 2011 with CD. Grade 6
Music reading / Ear training : ABCs of vocal harmony
A new approach to ear training for jazz musicians
Do-it-yourself musical ear training
Modus novus : Lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning : Lehrbuch in freitonal Melodielesung : Studies in reading atonal melodies
Beginning theory for adults : the grown-up approach to music theory
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhythmic studies
Ultimate ear training for guitar & bass
Teaching students how to take elementary four-part dictation
Fifth year music
A synthesis of recent theories of tonal melody, contour, and the diatonic scale : implications for aural perception and cognition
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhythmic studi es
Popular methode of sight-singing
Solfege, ear training, rhythm, dictation, and music theory : a comprehensive course
The musician's guide to aural skills. Volume 2, Ear-training and composition
Ear training : workbook. 3
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
A fanatic's guide to ear training and sight singing. Vol. 1
The very young pianist listens and creates. Book 2
You can read music
Musical reading and writing. Vol. 2
Ear training 1 : Jazz, rock, pop
Let us try to sing correctly : training for singing in parts
Ear training : workbook. 1
Let's play rhythm : variations on rhythm changes for the study of improvisation, ear training and compositions
A new approach to sight singing [4th edition]
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 6 : lessons 78 to 85
Harmonic ear training
Ear training tapes for the jazz musician. 2, Triads, three note sets, four & five note sets
The Development of Tuning Awareness and the Implementation of Intonation Skills for High School Age Wind Musicians
Anthology for sight singing
Practical ear training
The musician's guide to aural skills : teacher's edition. Volume 1
The very young pianist listens and creates. Book 1
Programed music reading games for first-grade utilizing certain principles of Dalcroze, Kodály, and Orff
Musical projects and games : a collection of classroom games and projects for junior and middle schools
Ear training tapes for the jazz musician. 4, Major melodies, turnarounds, I-VI7 formulae
A zenei írás-olvasás módszertana = Musical reading and writing. Befejezö kötet : felsöfok = Final volume : advanced level
All about chords
Advanced ear-training and sight-singing as applied to the study of harmony : a continuation of the practical and coordinated course for schools and private study
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 3, Capturing the basic chord qualities
The musician's guide to aural skills : teacher's edition. Volume 2
Programed ear training. Volume 2, Melody and rhythm
How to read music
Ear training tapes for the jazz musician. 3, Seventh chords, scales
Sight singing : pitch, interval, rhythm
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 1, Scale forms through six basic tetrachords
Modus novus : lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = studies in reading atonal melodies
Ear training and violin playing : a Suzuki method symposium
A BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO SIGHTSINGING AND..
Ear training tapes for the jazz musician. 1, Intervals
Programed ear training. Volume 4, Chords, part 2
Read music from scratch : a complete guide to reading music for beginners
Manual for ear training and sight singing
Harmony & theory : a comprehensive source for all musicians
EAR TRAINING : AN APPROACH THROUGH MUSIC..
Solfege according to the Kodály-concept. Vol. 1, Pupil's book
Score reading : a key to the music experience
Specimen aural tests : from 2011 with 2 CDs. Grade 7
Ear training. Phase 1
Advanced ear training for jazz musicians
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 1 : lessons 1 to 30
Training the ear : for the improvising musician : a basic ear training text with examples and suggested self-study curriculum
Ultimate ear training for guitar & bass : The complete method for the practicing musician
Ear training : workbook. 4
Advanced ear-training and sight-singing as applied to the study of harmony
Jazz ear training
Aural perspectives : on musical learning and practice in higher music education
Choral method : fifteen two-part exercises
Jazz ear training / : Learning to hear your way through music
Ear training : basic instruction in melody and rhythm reading
