http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p957 representation (mutual activity)
representation (mutual activity)
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 2
Annual report of the Seimas ombudsmen of the republic of Lithuania : summary : 1996
Consumer representation in the European Communities (manuscript completed in June 1982)
Is artist management a feasible business in the Finnish music market?
Bending mainstream definitions of sport, gender and ability : representations of wheelchair racers
Travel and entertainment best practices
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 1
"This book confronts and discusses different conceptions of political representation with respect to their application to the system of multi-level governance in the European Union. Political representation is an essentially contested concept. Its meaning has evolved with the development of representative democracy at the level of the nation state, and normative theories of political representation often evolved as a reflection on developing practices rather than the other way around. Since the EU is not a conventional nation state, and since the effectiveness and legitimacy of classic notions of political representation at the level of the national state has also become a matter of dispute, the EU has become a playground for the development of alternative or additional conceptions of democracy. The contributions to this volume evaluate these alternative conceptions with regard to both their effectiveness and their legitimacy, and combine both conceptual and empirical analyses." --Publisher's description.
Parliaments in contemporary Western Europe. Vol. 2, Parliaments and pressure grops in Western Europe
How Parliament works
With public confidence in representative institutions dropping to distressing levels, it is time for political theorists to reconnect issues of representation to considerations of justice, rights, citizenship, pluralism, and community. Representation and Democratic Theory investigates theoretical and practical aspects of innovative political representation in the early twenty-first century. It reveals the complexity of contemporary political representation and the importance of re-invigorating public life outside legislatures, political parties, and competitive elections. A crucial supplement to empirical studies of conventional political representation this book offers a timely and thought-provoking contribution to contemporary democratic theory. It will be a necessary and welcome addition to the libraries of many political and social scientists.
Suomen eduskunnan historia = Finlands riksdags historia = History of the Finnish Parliament
Restatement of the law of agency
The concept of representation
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Documents and materials : Moscow, Kremlin May 25 - June 9, 1989
The International Law Commission 1949-1998. Vol. 1, The Treaties, Part 1
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Chapter 8 : Unjust enrichment by interference with property rights
Facts about the British prime ministers : a compilation of biographical and historical information
Abstract: Political recruitment of Finnish women in the 1995 parliamentary elections and candidate selection.
Hobbes's political theory
The House of Lords
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 3, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : History of restitution in Anglo-American law
Voice, trust, and memory : marginalized groups and the failings of liberal representation
Distributorships, agency and franchising in an international arena : Europe, the United States, Japan and Latin America : W7 : March 1989 Waidring confererence on agency, franchising and distributorship
Leaps and bounds : towards an integrative theory of cultural evolution
Explanatory report on the Hague Convention on the law applicable to certain rights in respect of securities held with an intermediary : Hague Securities Convention
Byzantine diplomacy : papers from the Twenty-fourth Spring Symposium of Byzantine Studies, Cambridge, March 1990
Representation from above : members of parliament and representative democracy in Sweden
The public law of gender : from the local to the global
Congressional Quarterly's guide to Congress
Summary (s. 381-391).
The Indian on Capitol Hill : Indian legislation and the United States Congress, 1862-1907
Bowstead on agency
Japan's parliament : an introduction
Representation and democratic theory
Political parties of Europe. [osa 2], Poland - Yugoslavia
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 10, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Payment of anotherś debt
The model for parliaments in the future? The case of the Finnish Committee for the Future?
Congress : its contemporary role
The embassy cookbook
The image of Finland as the president state of the EU in the Russian news articles of the RIA Novosti news agency : period July, 1 - December, 31, 2006
Endgame : the calling
The constitutional history of modern Britain since 1485
Parliaments of the world : a comparative reference compendium. Vol. 1
Indirect representation in European contract law : an evaluation of articles 3:301-304 of the principles of European contract law concerning some contractual aspects of indirect representation against the background of Dutch, German and English law
State and diplomatic immunity
International agency, distribution and licensing agreements. First supplement to the fourth edition
Early modern visual culture : representation, race, and empire in Renaissance England
Female employment, gender roles, and attitudes : the Baltic countries in a broader context
Abstract: National legislatures and EU governance.
Båtvik : pronssikaudelta nykypäivään = from the bronze age to today
Electing a diverse Canada : the representation of immigrants, minorities, and women
Vicarious liability in the law of torts
International sales and the middleman : managing your agents and distributors
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 5, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Restitution of benefits conferred without obligation
The Soviet parliament : (a reference book)
American wife : a novel
The uncommon reader
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 28-30, Private international law : Labour contracts
Electoral systems in Europe : an overview
When in Finland, do as the Finns do : know the rules and succeed!
Policing, race and racism
Rethinking women's substantive representation
Party discipline and parliamentary government
The Future of Representative Democracy
The Nordic parliaments : a comparative analysis
Democratization and Europeanization in Hungary : the first Parliament (1990-1994)
International agency, distribution and licensing agreements
Diplomatic baggage : the adventures of a trailing spouse
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
The book of rule : how the world is governed
Parliaments of the world : a comparative reference compendium. 2
Modern legal issues : an Anglo-Swedish perspective
Diplomatic ceremonial and protocol : principles, procedures & practices
The parliamentary libraries of the Nordic countries
Women and men in decision making in the Finnish society
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
What are competent diplomats made of? : exploring competency management in Finnish Foreign Service
Regulating the media
The constitutional history of medieval England : from the English settlement to 1485
Codetermination rights of employees in the Finnish company law : a survey of the participation rights of employees in the management of an employer on the basis of the Companies Act, the Employee Representation Act and the Cooperation Act
Deutscher und Britischer Parlamentarismus = British and German parliamentarism
An outline of the law of agency
Instructions for honorary consuls of Finland
The constitutional history of medieval England from the English settlement to 1485
Act on Commercial Representatives and Salesmen
Representing Europe's citizens? : electoral institutions and the failure of parliamentary representation
Facts about the Congress
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 11, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Adjustment among multiple debtors
Political representation and European Union governance
Guidelines for legislative libraries
"The Future of Representative Democracy poses important questions about representation, representative democracy and its future. Inspired by the last major investigation of the subject by Hanna Pitkin over four decades ago, this ambitious volume fills a major gap in the literature by examining the future of representative forms of democracy in terms of present-day trends and past theories of representative democracy. Aware of the pressing need for clarifying key concepts and institutional trends, the volume aims to break down barriers among disciplines and to establish an interdisciplinary dialogue among scholars. The contributors emphasise that representative democracy and its future is a subject of pressing scholarly concern and public importance. Paying close attention to the unfinished, two-century-old relationship between democracy and representation, this book offers a fresh perspective on current problems and dilemmas of representative democracy and the possible future development of new forms of democratic representation"--
Comparing legislatures : an analytic study
Law, narrative and reality : an essay in intercepting politics
Representative bureaucracy
New second chamber of parliament building
The Calling
The law of agency
Democracy at the local level : the International IDEA handbook on participation, representation, conflict management and governance
John P. Mackintosh on Parliament and social democracy
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 17, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Negotiorum gestio
Principles of European contract law. Parts 1-2
Political parties of Europe. [osa 1], Albania - Norway
