http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9584 title (ownership)
title (ownership)
Illegal annexation and state continuity : the case of the incorporation of the Baltic states by the USSR : a study of the tension between normativity and power in international law
La succession d'Etats: la codification à l'épreuve des faits = State succession: codification tested against the facts
Civilian administration in the occupied West Bank : analysis of Israeli military government order No. 947
Territorial changes and international conflict
Estimating species-specific diameter distributions and saw log recoveries of boreal forests from airborne laser scanning data and aerial photographs : a distribution-based approach
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 4, France, Belgium, Bulgaria, Poland, Portugal
1H-NMR spectroscopic determination of carbohydrates and yield in pine and maple pulps
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. : Vol. 2, England and Wales, Ireland, Scotland, Cyprus
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe : Vol. 6, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Malta, Latvia
The West Bank and the rule of law : a study
Abstract.
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 1, Austria, Estonia, Italy, Slovenia
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe. Vol. 3, Germany, Greece, Lithuania, Hungary
Investigation and proof of title
The annexation of the Baltic States and its effect on the development of law prohibiting forcible seizure of territory
Peace and disputed sovereignty : reflections on conflict over territory
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Mergers & acquisitions in Germany
The international law of Antarctica
National reports on the transfer of movables in Europe : Vol. 5, Sweden, Norway and Denmark, Finland, Spain
Title to territory in international law : a temporal analysis
The acquisition of territory in international law
Anton D. Rudokvas: Disputed questions of the theory on acquisitive prescription : [book review]
