http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9589 interpreters
interpreters
Interpreting in legal settings
Establishing a freelance interpretation business : professional guidance for sign language interpreters
Tulkki = The Interpreter
Interpreting as a discourse process
“Licence to interpret” : on the Authorization and Registration of Interpreters
Community interpreting : the essence, the value, the future : 11th Annual EFSLI AGM & Conference 2003, 3-5 October 2003, Brighton, England : AGM/Conference proceedings
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009
The interpreter's guide to the vehicular accident lawsuit
Towards a dynamic role conception of liaison interpreters : an ethnographic study of self-descriptions of practising liaison interpreters in Estonia
Mental health and deafness
Educational interpreting for deaf students : report of the national task force on educational interpreting
Sign language studies
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
Conference interpreting : some linguistic and communicative problems
Twentieth Anniversary Symposium the Training of Teachers of Translation and Interpretation, Monterey, December 1-3, 1989 : proceedings
Customer feedback research for Northern Finland Interpreting Service
The translator : a tribesman's memoir of Darfur
Sign language and human rights - from principles to implementation : The 5th Eastern and Southern African sign language seminar, the TEC Kurasini training and conference centre, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania august 22-28, 2001 : Report
A comprehensive guide to : sign language interpreting in Europe, 2016 edition
International perspectives on educational interpreting : selected proceedings from the supporting deaf people online conferences 2006 - 2008
Interpreting: its history in a nutshell
ITI conference 8 : keeping the customer satisfied : proceedings of the Eighth International Annual Conference of the Institute of Translation and Interpreting, 27-29 April 1995, Edinburgh
Interpreters in early imperial China
Educational interpreting : how it can succeed
This is an introductory text on mental health and deafness for care workers and mental health workers, both those familiar with deaf people but not with mental health and those familiar with mental health but not with deaf people. It covers a wide range of mental health issues as they relate to deafness and is divided into two sections. The first, Assessment, includes topics ranging from child and adolescent psychiatry, adult psychiatry, children who are deaf and have multiple disabilities, addictive behaviour and deafness, to maltreatment of deaf children. The second section, Management and Intervention, discusses interpreters in mental health settings, educational interventions, family therapy and drug treatments. The contributors to this book, some of who are deaf themselves, come from a range of professional disciplines and are international experts in their fields.
Court interpreting : comparing court interpreter training in Finland, Sweden, Germany and the United States
Interpreting : yesterday, today, and tomorrow
Sign language interpreters and interpreting
Interpreting in the community and workplace : a practical teaching guide
Interpretation : techniques and exercises
Educational interpreting: into the 1990s : Conference proceedings : November 9-11, 1989
First workshop for European deaf interpreter trainers : in Passugg, Switzerland from 3rd - 7th october 2001. Tape 2 / part 2.
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
Interpreting for international conferences : Problems of language and communication
New Dimensions in Interpreter Education: Task Analysis - Theory and Application : Conference of Interpreters Fifth National Convention March 25-30, 1984
Efsli 2010 conference proceedings : Synergy: moving forward together
Language choices and the need for interpreting services for deaf children and young people with cochlear implants
So you want to be an interpreter? : an introduction to sign language interpreting
Recall and reproduction as an aptitude test for interpreting
Accreditation Reform for South African Sign Language Interpreters : An Action Research Study
The Sign Language interpreter provides the service of transmitting language between deaf and hearing people in everyday living situations. For example, the college classroom, a job interview, religious services, a visit to the doctor's office, a courtroom hearing, an evening at the theater, or even specialized television broadcasts. This important book appeared at a time when Sign Language interpreting is becoming the fastest growing profession within the field of deafness. It discusses relevant topics such as the interpreters role, specialized skills, ethics, various sign systems, situation assessment, and the certification procedure. In short, book is an invaluable text for students and teachers of interpreting, professionals and administrators of support services, and for anyone interested in integrating deaf and hearing individuals in any situation.
Finnish summary.
Deconstructing “common sense”  : Normative ethics and decision-making  by sign language interpreters
Service learning in interpreter education : strategies for extending student involvement in the deaf community
Investigations in healthcare interpreting
This new title in the McGraw-Hill Second Language Professional Series contributes to the emerging new discipline of Translation Studies, and more specifically, to translation pedagogy. As such it connects theory and research to teaching practice through a pedagogical framework that serves as the foundation for teacher education and preparation. While it has as a goal the explanation of relevant theoretical and empirical research, its more encompassing objective is to serve as a handbook for the training of translation teachers. The result is a systematic methodology of translation teaching that replaces the anecdotal approaches that have been dominant in this field.
Fundamental aspects of interpreter education : curriculum and assessment
Sign Language Interpreting for Deaf Children in Secondary Schools : challenges faced by sign language interpreters working in inclusive secondary schools
The work of the community interpreter in Finland
Interpreting with Immigrant Deaf People : a Qualitative Case Study of an Interpreted Event
How to use a sign language interpreter : a guide for businesses
Organisation of community interpreting services in Eastern Finland - two sides of the story : cases: Savonlinna and Kajaani
Interpreters in public services : policy and training
Status quaestionis : questionnaire on the provision of legal interpreting and translation in the EU
The court interpreter examination
These findings from the Durham University research project which observed court cases involving Deaf people over three years, and carried out in-depth interviews with Deaf people and Interpreters, reveal that sign language court interpreters are often not qualified interpreters, or have had no specialist legal interpreting training. The highly skilled task is often poorly understood by other participants in court proceedings, and the difference between BSL and English imposes particular constraints and demands on the interpreter.
Topics in interpreting research
Conference interpreting explained
Interpreting : its history in a nutshell
Trans
Interpretation in the asylum process : guide for interpreters
Decisions? Decisions! : A practical guide for sign language professionals
La traduction : des idées nouvelles pour un siècle nouveau : actes du XVIe Congrès de la FIT, Vancouver, C.-B., Canada, 7-10 août 2002 = Translation : new ideas for a new century : proceedings of the XVI FIT World Congress, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, 7-10 August, 2002.
Sign Language Interpreting in Europe, 2016 edition, gives an overview of the organizations, educational programs, and employment situations of sign language interpreters across 45 European countries and regions. This is the fifth updated edition, following publications in 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012. Qualitative and quantitative survey data allow an in-depth analysis of the current state of affairs in the European field of sign language interpreting. This study also allows you to make at-a-glance comparisons between individual countries and to anticipate future trends. Sign Language Interpreting in Europe is based on a 2016 survey that was held among national organizations of Sign Language interpreters in 45 European countries and regions. The findings of the survey were supplemented with information collected from several publications on sign language interpreting throughout Europe.
How to use interpreters
Translator and interpreter training in the USA : a survey
The critical link 4 : professionalisation of interpreting in the community : selected papers from the 4th International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Stockholm, Sweden, 20-23 May 2004
Effective religious interpreters : insights from a deaf perspective
The thought processes of Deaf interpreters served as the research focus for this study. This longitudinal qualitative study was designed to assess the thought processes, using a three-phase research approach--a preliminary interview, Think Aloud Protocol, and a retro-debriefing interview to explore the strategies and recourses for effective interpretation. The Think Aloud Protocol was conducted with a given task in which the participants had to think aloud as they worked through the task. The preliminary interview gathered background information and experiences as interpreters and the retro-debriefing interview served a technique of collecting further thoughts after the Think Aloud Protocol activity and as a closure for the three-phase procedure. The entire study was videotaped and then translated from American Sign Language to English. A triangulation of the study explored the depths of the thought processes of six Deaf participants during the three-phase activity. Findings indicated results on best practices for strategies and resources for effective interpretation by Deaf interpreters.
ITI conference 4 : proceedings of the fourth annual conference of the Institute of Translation and Interpreting 27-29 april 1990...London
Introduction to Interpreting
Training for the new millennium : pedagogies for translation and interpreting
Interpreting : A Guide to working with sign language interpreters in higher education
Learning Outcomes for Graduates of a Three Year Sign Language Interpreting Training programme
Assessment Guidelines for Sign Language Interpreting Training Programmes
Omissions and additions in simultaneous interpreter's output
Professional issues for translators and interpreters
Final testing of interpretation students
Sign language interpreting and interpreter education : directions for research and practice
Preparing for an interpreting assignment : an element of an interpreter's expertise
Basic concepts and models for interpreter and translator training
Sign language interpreting in Europe
Language learning and professional training in interpretation
Interpreting : the art of cross cultural mediation
Signed language interpreting : preparation, practice and performance
Professionalism: our challenge for 2000 = Professionalidad : nuestro reto para el 2000 : Efsli 1996 conference proceedings, Barcelona, Spain, December 6th - 8th 1996
Developments and Innovations in Interpreting for Deafblind People
Deaf interpreters : exploring their processes of interpreting
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009 [Moniviestin]
Careers using languages
Training for doctoral research
Personality and the linguist : a comparison of the personality profiles of professional translators and conference interpreters
Our 50-year history and future
Interpreting: an introduction
Nordic conference for video phone interpreters December 3. - 5. 2003 in Denmark Castberggård, Folk High School : report
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Ethics in mental health and deafness
Proceedings of the XVII World Congress [of the] International Federation of Translators : Tampere, Finland, 4-7 August 2005 = Actes du XVIIe Congrès mondial [de la] Fédération internationale des traducteurs : Tampere, Finlande, du 4 au 7 août 2005
The organisation and provision of British Sign Language/English interpreters in England, Scotland and Wales : a study carried out on behalf of the Department for Work and Pensions
Deaf heritage : A narrative history of Deaf America
Multilingualism and Sign Languages : From the Great Plains to Australia
From the Municipalities to the State – A New Stage in the development of the Profession? : A study of sign language interpreters views of the new service system
European workshop of sign language interpreter training : report
Equality before the law : Deaf people's access to justice
Interpreters at the United Nations : a history
Signed Language Interpreting in Brazil
Swedish summary.
Deaf & sober : Journeys through recovery
Signed language interpreting continues to evolve as a field of research. Stages of professionalization, opportunities for education and the availability of research vary tremendously among different parts of the world. Overall there is continuing hunger for empirically founded, theoretically sound accounts of signed language interpreting to inform practice, pedagogy and the development of the profession. This volume provides new insights into current aspects of preparation, practice and performance of signed language interpreting, drawing together contributions from three continents. Contributors single out specific aspects of relevance to the signed language interpreting profession. These include preparation of interpreters through training, crucial for the development of the profession, with emphasis on sound educational programmes that cover the needs of service users and the wide-ranging skills expected from practitioners. Resources, such as terminology databases, are vital tools for interpreters to prepare successfully for events. Practice oriented, empirical investigations of strategies of interpreters are paramount not only to increase theoretical understanding of interpreter performance, but to provide reference points for practitioners and students. Alongside tackling linguistic and pragmatic challenges, interpreters also face the challenge of dealing with broader issues, such as handling occupational stress, an aspect which has so far received little attention in the field. At the same time, fine-grained assessment mechanisms ensure the sustainability of quality of performance. These and other issues are covered by the eighteen contributors to this volume, ensuring that the collection will be essential reading for academics, students and practitioners.
Are Deaf people equal before the law? Do they have equal access to the justice system? These questions are exploired in this book which draws upon the work of a major research project, 'Access to Justice for Deaf People in the Bilingual, Bimodal Courtroom'. This project was carried out by a research team at the University of Durham. For three years researchers observed a wide range of court cases in which Deaf people were involved as defendants or accused, witnesses or victims. Some court proceedings were video-taped, but the research team also carried out in-depth interviews with Deaf people and interpreters, as well as conducting a survey among interpreters.
Interpreting and access to public services : A textbook for public service interpreters and trainers
Can you hear a rainbow? : the story of a deaf boy named Chris
To say or not to say : challenges of interpreting from sign language to spoken language: proceedings of the 23rd efsli ConferenceWarsaw, Poland, 11th - 13th September 2015
The psychodynamic effects on the interpreting process
Interpreting: the art of cross cultural mediation : Proceedings of the Ninth National Convention of the Registry of Interpreters for the Deaf July 4 - 8, 1985
First workshop for European deaf interpreter trainers : in Passugg, Switzerland from 3rd - 7th october 2001. Tape 1 / part 1.
Professionalism: our challenge for 2000 = Professionalidad : nuestro reto para el 2000
Excuse me! Was it 7,559 or 759? : Memory strategies in sign language interpreting
Blue print 2000 : sign language interpreting in Europe
Note-taking manual : a study guide for interpreters and everyone who takes notes
Sign language interpreting : a basic resource book
Equality before the law : deaf people's access to justice
The critical link 3 : interpreters in the community : selected papers from the third International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Montréal, Québec, Canada 22-26 May 2001
Deafness and development : Learning from projects with deaf children and deaf adults in developing countries
The interpreters' newsletter. No. 8
Interpreter in education : 20-22 of november 1998. EFSLI annual general meeting 1998. Proceedings
This report presents the findings on the number and distribution of BSL/English interpreters and interpreter agencies in England, Scotland and Wales using survey data collected during 1999. It describes the qualifications and skills of BSL/English interpreters and the organisation of the service provided by interpreters and interpreter agencies. In addition to a survey of interpreters and interpreting agencies, the researchers conducted interviews and held public meetings with deaf people and hearing organisations that used BSL/English interpreting services to examine their demand for BSL/English interpreting services and their experience of the service provided. It is estimated that there are between 28,000 and 70,000 deaf people who use BSL as their first or preferred language. This report does not address other sign languages or other means of communication used by deaf or hearing impaired people.
Curriculun guide for interpreting training
The content of this book was derived from animpirical study aimed at finding out the challengesSign Language Interpreters face working with childrenwith Hearing Impairment in inclusive educationalsettings, Uganda's experience. The authorprincipally explores the challenges identified, thoseemanating from Sign language interpreters and fromthe school working environment. The influences andcopying strategies are highlighted. Supplementaryinformation on attitudes, School and communityrelationships and interpreter competencies areinclusive in the text. Theoretical foundations taggedto the theory advanced by scholars Bloom and Lahey(1997)were helpful in unearthing the underlying factors tothe phenomenon of Sign language interpreting. Thebook stresses an objective analysis of theinterpreters experiences and challenges they face.Recommendations to develop a good workingenvironment, interpreter development, Teachertraining in the area of Special needs education andSign language, school adaptation to the work of Signlanguage interpreters and such related areas ofresearch are suggested in the end, in order to helpachieve the principle of Inclusive education generally.
Mind tricks : our brain is the limit. Cognitive processes in sign language interpreting : proceedings of the 22nd efsli conference Antwerp, Belgium, 12th - 14th september 2014
Translation teaching : from research to the classroom : a handbook for teachers
Sign language interpreters in court : understanding best practices
From topic boundaries to omission : new research on interpretation
The use of interpreter in healthcare : perspectives of individuals, healthcare staff and families
Sign language interpreting in Europe : 2005 edition
