http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9591 salt content
salt content
Nutrient balance and salinity stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Managing Greenhouse Crops in Saline Environment : Pisa (Italy), 9-12 July 2003
Average salinity as an index for environmental forcing on cod recruitment in the Baltic Sea
The determination of chlorinity by the Knudsen method
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Cod and climate change : proceedings of a symposium held in Reykjavík, 23-27 August 1993
Genetic analysis of the adaptation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae to high osmolarity
Salinity and aridity : new approaches to old problems
Abstract.
Ecological responses to changes in the physical environment of the St Lucia estuary = Økologisk respons ved endringer i fysisk miljø i St Lucia Estuary
Control of energy metabolism under salt stress in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Experimental study on the effect of salinity on growth rates of Arctic-sea-ice algae from the Greenland Sea
Drainage principles and applications
Biodrainage : principles, experiences and applications
Genomics of bacterial and archaeal virus isolates from extreme aquatic environments
Effects of salinity on the development of fresh-water and brackish-water ruffe Gymnocephalus cernuus (L.) embryos
Soil ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora) from Namibia (Southwest Africa), with emphasis on two contrasting environments, the Etosha Region and the Namib Desert. Part 2, Photographs
Handbook of environmental physiology of fruit crops. Vol. 2, Sub-tropical and tropical crops
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
The occurrence of shallow brackish and saline groundwaters in the crystalline bedrock of Finnish coastal areas
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2003
Characterization of new viruses from hypersaline environments
Sediment bacterial communities in nutrient cycling and in the history of the Baltic Sea
Wheat seed priming in relation to salt tolerance : growth, yield and levels of free salicylic acid and polyamines
Salt content labelling of foods in supermarkets in Finland
Sampling sediment pore water by using DET and DGT techniques : a case study in the Gulf of Finland, the Baltic Sea
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2004
Effects of climate change on the survival of the marine isopod Idotea balthica (Pallas, 1772) in the Baltic Sea
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
An introduction to saline lakes on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
Macrobenthic fauna and oxygen deficiency in the Gulf of Finland
Molecular responses to abiotic stress in Arabidopsis thaliana
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
The effect of storage on nutrient concentrations in the Baltic Sea water samples
Salinity effects in Eucalyptus camaldulensis and Combretum quadrangulare : ecophysiological and morphological studies
A novel pre-treatment for cheese production : biochemistry, sensory perception and consumer acceptance
Natural science in the Bothnian sea during 1975-2008 : a review
Effect of increasing concentrations of sodium carbonate on pearl millet Pennisetum americanum
Susceptibility of copper to general and pitting corrosion in saline groundwater
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Reducing salt in foods : practical strategies
Marine multi-proxy records of late quaternary climate change from the Atlantic Ocean
Germination differences between natural and afforested populations of Pinus brutia and Cupressus sempervirens
Ecological responses of Fucus vesiculosus L. along environmental gradients in the northern Baltic Sea
Simulation of hydraulic disturbances caused by the underground rock characterisation facility in Olkiluoto
Trees for rural Australia
Porewater salinity and the development of swelling pressure in bentonite-based buffer and backfill materials
Effect of salinity level on embryonic development, hatchability and survival potential of reciprocal hybrid larvae of Clariid catfish (Clarias gariepinus x Heterobranchus bidorsalis)
An introduction into applied soil hydrology
Superbugs : microorganisms in extreme environments
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Soil ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora) from Namibia (Southwest Africa), with emphasis on two contrasting environments, the Etosha Region and the Namib Desert. Part 1, Text and line drawings
3D model of salinity of bedrock groundwater at Olkiluoto
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Techniques to Control Salination for Horticultural Productivity : Antalya, Turkey, 7-10 November, 2000
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
The life cycle and genetic structure of the red alga Furcellaria lumbricalis on a salinity gradient
Effects of salinity on the development of Peipsi whitefish Coregonus lavaretus maraenoides Poljakow embryos
Methods of seawater analysis
Natural regeneration in salt marshes of northern Spain
Natural science in the Bothnian Sea during 1975-2008 : a review
Advances in the assessment and monitoring of salinization and status of biosaline agriculture : report of an expert consultation held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 26-29 November 2007.
Simulation of hydraulic disturbances caused by the decay heat of the repository in Olkiluoto
Salinity in soil and in Atriplex spp. under brackish water irrigation in southern Morocco
Atlas temperatury, solenosti i plotnosti vody Tihogo okeana = Atlas of temperature, salinity and density of wayer in the Pacific Ocean
Prokaryotic microorganisms, viruses, and antimicrobial agents from hypersaline environments
From genes to communities : stress tolerance in eelgrass (Zostera marina)
Water, heat and salt exchange between the deep basins of the Baltic Sea
Groundwater salinity at Olkiluoto and its effects on a spent fuel repository
Salt groundwater in the nordic countries : proceedings of a workshop, Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, September 30-October 1, 1992
Salinity and water stress : improving crop efficiency
Salt gradients near roots of a rose plant by using a model system
A review of published literature on the effects of permafrost on the hydrogeochemistry of bedrock
