http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9596 public figures
public figures
Night after night
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
A tribute to celebrities
The international who's who 2007.
Robert Garland turns the spotlight on the careers of some of the most successful and colourful self-promoters ever to have lived, including Alcibiades, Socrates, Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Cleopatra, Augustus, Jesus, Nero and Theodosia, and investigates the secrets of their success. He also looks at ways in which other highly talented individuals turned themselves into celebrities, including sports personalities, entertainers, philosophers, founders of new religions, and internationally renowned prostitutes. The reader may be forgiven for supposing that celebrity is a phenomenon that has no equivalent in antiquity.
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
What a way to go : fabulous funerals of the famous and infamous
Ambition
The making of Donald Trump
The international who's who. 2014
So chic : glamorous lives, stylish spaces
Using local celebrities in branding and marketing of electronic goods in Finland  : based on South Korean endorsement models
Girls in pearls : History of a Passion in Art and Photography
Gossiping about sexuality : a critical discourse analysis of a gossip blog
Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising
Knitted icons
Tabloid magazines, television shows, and Internet sites inundate us with daily updates about movie stars, musicians, athletes, and even those who have achieved celebrity status simply for being rich and extravagant. Disturbingly, it appears that the harder our celebrities fall, the more fascinating they are to us. As popular culture becomes more influential, it is important to understand both the positive and negative aspects of celebrity. This volume traces the development of the concept of celebrity, discusses some of the problems facing both celebrities and their followers, and points to future trends and developments in our cultural understanding of celebrity. The author's treatment is unflinchingly honest, revealing the importance of the public's role in celebrities' lives and establishing firm criteria for determining who is a celebrity - and who is not.
Vengeance
Home truths : a novella
Celebrity
Crazy in love
The international who's who. Volume 1 : A-K, 2017.
Current biography yearbook. 2001
Current biography yearbook. 2000
The fame game
The stylist
The bullfighter checks her makeup : my encounters with extraordinary people
Ten steps to happiness : (in a safe and healthy world)
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Infamous
More fool me : a memoir
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
The secret's in their signature
Kate Moss style : inside the world's most famous wardrobe
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
The International who's who. 2008
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
The girl who was Saturday night
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
The Birthday Party
Blotto, Twinks and the rodents of the Riviera
Celebrity society
Us weekly : e-lehti
Sugar and spice
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
Ripped
The insider
Vanity fair : e-lehti
Vogue living : houses gardens people
Current biography yearbook. 2002
Guess who's cooking dinner
The International who's who. 2002.
The birthday party
No lifeguard on duty : the accidental life of the world's first supermodel
Celebrity in antiquity : from media tarts to tabloid queens
Along came a spider
Abstract: Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising. This thesis studies the celebrity endorsement model and specially athletes as endorsers. What drives the companies to use athletes as spokesperson and how do they cope with risks involved in it? As recently news have been filled with scandals involving athletes with multimillion endorsement deals how could have these been avoided and what are the effects on endorsing companies? Main focus of the study is to investigate what kind of methods marketers use to ensure a successful endorsement campaign? Secondary focus was on researching what kind of risks companies face when cooperating with a star athlete? This thesis uses secondary data as its main source of information. Conducted research show that even though use of athletes as endorsers can be very risky, it can also lead to success. In celebrity endorsement only certainty is uncertainty. It was also discovered that marketers often value extremely different attributes when selecting a female endorser than they do with male endorsers.
Celebrity diplomacy
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Current biography yearbook. 2003
A death in summer
Evanly choirs
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Snapshots in history's glare
Odd trumps : pop culture gone weird
The International who's who. 2004.
Rolling Stone : the illustrated portraits
Simon Cowell : the authorized biography
Bejeweled: great designers, celebrity style
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
From London with love
The international who's who. Volume 2 : L-Z, 2017.
Why not me?
Food men love : all-time favorite recipes from Caesar salad and grilled rib-eye to cinnamon buns and apple pie
Dear me : a letter to my sixteen-year-old self
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Vanity fair : Espoo
The International who's who. 2010
"When you need to source accurate information on the past history, achievements and current activities of leading world figures, from heads of state to sporting greats, Europa'sThe International Who's Who 2017 provides the answer. Published annually since 1935The International Who's Who is your source for hard-to-find biographical details on over 25,000 of the world's most prominent and influential personalities. Featured personalities are regularly given the opportunity to update their entry, providing new information on education, artistic achievements, leisure interests, awards, contact details and much more. Also available online at www.worldwhoswho.com, featuring thousands of click-through web links and email addresses, and advanced search functions enabling users to search by name, nationality, place and date of birth and by profession." / WorldCat.
Current biography yearbook. 1999
Wishful drinking
The international who's who. 2003.
What I know now : letters to my younger self
Everyone worth knowing
Celebrity skin : tattoos, brands and body adornments of the stars
Current biography yearbook. 2004
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Bat Boy : The complete weekly world news comic strips
The International who's who. 2006
The international who's who. 2005
The international who's who. 2001.
Portraits and observations
Amy Vanderbilt's complete cookbook
Celebrity practice in networked media : a case study of Lady Gaga and Twitter
The come-back girl
Fame : from the Bronze Age to Britney
The Store cookbook : recipes and recollection from "the store in Amagansett"
Death of a celebrity
Factors affecting the choise of a celebrity endorser in international advertising
Too young to die : 20th century icons that moved generations = 20e Eeuswe Iconen Die Generaties Beroerden = Icones Du 20e Siecle Qui Ont Emu
Outrageous invasions : celebrities' private lives, media, and the law
Celebrities' favourite books : in aid of the Alzheimers' society
Peterburg : hudožestvennaâ žizn' 1900-1916 : fotoletopis' = St. Petersburg : artistic life 1900-1916 : photochronicle
Fit for a queen : the new cookbook
Too young to die
Celebrity in the 21st century : a reference handbook
"When you need to source accurate information on the past history, achievements and current activities of leading world figures, from heads of state to sporting greats, Europa'sThe International Who's Who 2017 provides the answer. Published annually since 1935 The International Who's Who is your source for hard-to-find biographical details on over 25,000 of the world's most prominent and influential personalities. Featured personalities are regularly given the opportunity to update their entry, providing new information on education, artistic achievements, leisure interests, awards, contact details and much more. Also available online at www.worldwhoswho.com, featuring thousands of click-through web links and email addresses, and advanced search functions enabling users to search by name, nationality, place and date of birth and by profession." / WorldCat.
Vanity fair (UK) : Vantaa
