http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9606 craft teachers
craft teachers handicrafts teachers
Cygnaeus, Fröbel and the Finnish national curriculum of handicraft
Debates in design and technology education
The relationship of Nordic handicraft studies to product development and technology : proceedings from a NordFo conference in Rauma, September 20.-26.2004
Research report from the networked university of sloyd education and craft science project : four studies concerning sloyd education in open learning environment
Summary: Horizons in craft.
World-Wide Sloyd : ideologi för framtidens samhälle = ideology for future society : dokumentationer från NordFo-symposium Vasa, 26.-27.11.1999
Educating teachers in the PISA paradise : perspectives on teacher education at a Finnish university
The applicants' ability to reflect and analyze the textile design and the making-up process
How to examine a craft teacher's thinking?
Collaborative design in a virtual learning environment : three design experiments in textile teacher education
The scientific approach to the study of textiles, clothing and related arts
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The adaptability of the theory of knitted fabric to the designing of hand-made products
Craft science at the intersection between culture and technology
Through education into the world of work : Uno Cygnaeus, the father of technology education
Victim without a face
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Hands-on handicrafting - a fourfold table as a tool for crafts teachers and teacher educators
Current research on Sloyd education
Educational and teaching ideologies in sloyd teacher education
Searching for a better life through arts and skills : research results, visions and conclusions
Handbook for teachers : course structures, teaching methods and assessment
International handbook of research and development in technology education
Three experiments to organize virtual teacher education at the University of Helsinki, Finland
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Kindergarten, sloyd and classroom teacher trainees' self-directed learning, metacognitive regulation and web-based support
Teaching 101 : classroom strategies for the beginning teacher
