http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9605 protest movements
protest movements
The elite connection : problems and potential of Western democracy
Protest and power in black Africa
Radical democracy and collective movements today : the biopolitics of the multitude versus the hegemony of the people
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
Boundaries of dissent : protest and state power in the media age
Appraising the Wall Street Occupation : an appraisal-based framework in the use of critical discourse analysis regarding three news texts texts on the Occupy movement of late 2011
"Rotten to the core" : variations of French nationalist anti-system rhetoric
Struggle against the state : social network and protest mobilization in India
Don't you hear the h-bomb's thunder? : youth & politics on Tyneside in the late 'fifties and early 'sixties
Graphis social & political protest posters
Senseless acts of beauty : cultures of resistance since the sixties
Uncensored Russia : protest and dissent in the Soviet Union : the unofficial Moscow journal A chronicle of current events
Challenges of labour : central and western Europe, 1917-1920
The limits of protest
States and anti-nuclear movements
Prop art : over 1000 contemporary political posters
The politics of protest : social movements in America
"From Anchorage, Alaska to Miami, Florida, millions of immigrants and their supporters took to the streets to rally for immigrant rights in the spring of 2006. The size and scope of their protests rivaled celebrated demonstrations from earlier decades for workers' rights, civil rights, or the end of war. Why and how did the immigrant rights' protests occur? Why did they end so abruptly? What is their legacy? This book is the first to address these questions by bringing together a broad, multidisciplinary account of the immigration rights rallies, protests, and boycotts of spring 2006. Drawing on top academics in the fields of sociology, political science, and Latino studies, as well as those involved with grassroots organizing and public policy debates, this volume covers the antecedents, evolution, and legacy of the 2006 protests, including discussions of unions, churches, media, immigrant organizations, and the landscape of immigration politics in the United States. More than one in eight U.S. residents were born outside the country in 2006, but lack of citizenship silences the political voice of the majority of these people through the ballot box. The peaceful demonstrations of 2006 highlight an alternative way immigrants can make their voices heard"--
Peasant protest & social change in colonial Korea
How social movements matter
Black protest : history, documents, and analyses 1619 to the present
The art of moral protest : culture, biography, and creativity in social movements
Activist entrepreneurship : attac'ing norms and articulating disclosive stories
Social movements : the key concepts
The colour revolutions in the former Soviet republics : successes and failures
Social movements and networks : relational approaches to collective action
Play, creativity, and social movements : if I can't dance, it's not my revolution
The making of social movements in Latin America : identity, strategy, and democracy
Popular intellectuals and social movements : framing protest in Asia, Africa, and Latin America
The unthinkable revolution in Iran
Ex machina. Book 4 : March to war
Theories of political protest and social movements : a multidisciplinary introduction, critique, and synthesis
In this work, Swen Hutter demonstrates the usefulness of studying both electoral politics and protest politics to better understand the impacts of globalization. Hutter integrates research on cleavage politics and populist parties in Western Europe with research on social movements. He shows how major new cleavages restructured protest politics over a thirty-year period, from the 1970s through the 1990s. This major study brings back the concept of cleavages to social movement studies and connects the field with contemporary research on populism, electoral behavior, and party politics. Hutter s work extends the landmark 1995 "New Social Movements in Western Europe," the book that spurred the recognition that a broad empirical frame is valuable for understanding powerful social movements. This new book shows that it is also beneficial to include the study of political parties and protest politics. While making extensive use of public opinion, protest event, and election campaigning data, Hutter skillfully employs contemporary data from six West European societies Austria, Britain, France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland to account for responses to protest events and political issues across countries. "Protesting Culture and Economics in Western Europe" makes productive empirical, methodological, and theoretical contributions to the study of social movements and comparative politics. Empirically, it employs a new approach, along with new data, to explain changes in European politics over several decades. Methodologically, it makes rigorous yet creative use of diverse datasets in innovative ways, particularly across national borders. And theoretically, it makes a strong claim for considering the distinctive politics of protest across various issue domains as it investigates the asymmetrical politics of protest from left and right.
Community schooling and the nature of power : the battle for Croxteth Comprehensive
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Protesting culture and economics in Western Europe : new cleavages in left and right politics
Social protest and contentious authoritarianism in China
No middle ground : women and radical protest
Humour and social protest
Resisting injustice and the feminist ethics of care in the age of Obama : "suddenly ... all the truth was coming out "
Peasant protest and rural elite strategies in Asia : Case studies of India, the Philippines and Sri Lanka
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
Africa uprising : popular protest and political change
Why it's still kicking off everywhere : the new global revolutions
The sixties in America : history, politics and protest
Better active than radioactive! : anti-nuclear protest in 1970s France and West Germany
Implicating empire : globalization and resistance in the 21st century world order
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
Power and protest : global revolution and the rise of detente
Human acts : a novel
Europe's 1968 : voices of revolt
Anti-nuclear movements : a world survey of opposition to nuclear energy
The American radical
Culture, crisis and America's war on terror
The new left revisited
The making of a protest movement in Turkey : #occupygezi
"The current crisis in Ukraine has revealed a striking lack of background knowledge about Ukraine's history and politics among West European politicians, journalists, intellectuals and even many academics. In this book, experts from Poland, Ukraine, the US, Russia and Western Europe fill the gap between an omnipresent and easily available narrative about Russia and a scarce, scattered knowledge about Ukraine. They show what history and political science can offer for a better understanding of the crisis and provide insights, which are based on reliable Ukrainian, Russian, Polish and Turkish sources and confidential interviews with key actors and advisors. Rather than offering easy answers, the authors present facts and knowledge, which enables the reader to make up his own informed opinion"--
The face of the crowd : studies in revolution, ideology and popular protest : selected essays of George Rudé
Voices of the valley, voices of the straits : how protest creates communities
This was not our war : Bosnian women reclaiming the peace
Argentina, 1943-1987 : the national revolution and resistance
Waging nonviolent struggle : 20th century practice and 21st century potential
"What are the micro-level interactions and conversations that underlie successful and failed diffusion? By comparing the spread of direct action tactics from the 1999 Global Justice Movement protests against the World Trade Organization in Seattle to grassroots activists in Toronto and New York, Lesley Wood argues that dynamics of deliberation among local activists both aided and blocked diffusion. To analyze the localization of this cycle of protest, the research brings together rich ethnography, interviews, social network analysis and catalogs of protest events. The findings suggest that when diverse activists with different perspectives can discuss innovations in a reflexive, egalitarian manner, they are more likely to make strategic and meaningful choices"--
Grabbing back : essays against the global land grab
Breaking ranks : Iraq veterans speak out against the war
Gandhi in the West : The Mahatma and the rise of radical protest
Prisoners of want : the experience and protest of the unemployed in France, 1921-45
DiY culture : party & protest in nineties Britain
The anti-capitalist dictionary : movements, histories & motivations
Do protests make a difference? : the impact of anti-privatisation mobilisation in India and Peru
The rhetoric of moral protest : public campaigns, celebrity endorsement, and political mobilization
Between Prague spring and French May : opposition and revolt in Europe, 1960-1980
The role of the masses in the collapse of the GDR
People power in an era of global crisis : rebellion, resistance and liberation / edited by Barry K. Gills and Kevin Gray
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
A quarter of a century has now passed since the historic popular uprising that led to the overthrow of the Ferdinand Marcos dictatorship in the Philippines. The mass movement known as the "People Power Revolution" was not only pivotal to the democratic transition within the Philippines, but it also became an inspiration for subsequent mass movements leading to further democratic transitions throughout the Third World and in the former Communist bloc in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. However, the neoliberal economic policies subsequently pursued by newly democratic governments throughout the Third World led all but the most celebratory observers to note the constrained and limited nature of these formal political transitions. This volume poses the question of the extent to which 'people power' has been able to play an active role resisting neoliberalism and deepen substantive democracy and social justice. Through a series of case studies of the regions and individual countries of Asia, Africa, Latin America and Eastern Europe, the contributions in the volume provide a new set of original and in-depth critical assessments of the nature of the longer-term impact of the democratic transitions commencing in the 1980s and continuing until the present, and questioning their impact and potential influence on human dignity, freedom, justice, and self-determination, and thus opening new avenues of enquiry into the future of democracy. --Publisher's description.
The politics of protest
Metropolitan preoccupations : the spatial politics of squatting in Berlin
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
Social protest and popular culture in eighteenth-century Japan
The wave of anti-authoritarian political activity associated with the term 1968A" can by no means be confined under the rubric of protest,A" understood narrowly in terms of street marches and other reactions to state initiatives. Indeed, the actions generated in response to 1968A" frequently involved attempts of elaborate resistance within.
Critical security and Chinese politics : the anti-Falungong campaign
The global justice movement : a cross-national and transnational perspective
Performing antagonism : theatre, performance & radical democracy
Tom Joadism in the twentieth century : how Joe Hill, Woody Guthrie and Bruce Springsteen reflected their times through songs
Rallying for immigrant rights : the fight for inclusion in 21st century America
Fighting Lucifer : the state and its enemies in Papua New Guinea
Dispossession : the performative in the political : conversations with Athena Athanasiou
From ACT UP to the WTO : urban protest and community building in the era of globalization
The pro-democracy protests in China : reports from the provinces
The protestor's handbook
Performing authenticities : cultural forms and their functions in the Reclaim the Streets -protest
Interrogating social capital : the Indian experience
Circle of protest : political ritual in the Tibetan uprising
The anti-authoritarian revolt of the 1960s and 1970s was a watershed in the history of the Federal Republic of Germany. The rebellion of the so-called '68ers' - against cultural conformity and the ideological imperatives of the Cold War; against the American war in Vietnam; in favor of a more open accounting for the crimes of the Nazi era - helped to inspire a dialogue on democratization with profound effects on German society. Timothy Brown examines the unique synthesis of globalizing influences on West Germany to reveal how the presence of Third World students, imported pop culture from America and England and the influence of new political doctrines worldwide all helped to precipitate the revolt. The book explains how the events in West Germany grew out of a new interplay of radical politics and popular culture, even as they drew on principles of direct-democracy, self-organization and self-determination, all still highly relevant in the present day.
West Germany and the global sixties : the antiauthoritarian revolt, 1962-1978
This book combines performance analysis with contemporary political philosophy to advance new ways of understanding both political performance and the performativity of the politics of the street. Our times are pre-eminently political times and have drawn radical responses from many theatre and performance practitioners. However, a decade of conflict in the Middle East and Afghanistan, the eruption of new social movements around the world, the growth of anti-capitalist and anti-globalisation struggles, the upsurge of protests against the blockades of neoliberalism, and the rising tide of dissent and anger against corporate power, with its exorbitant social costs, have left theatre and performance scholarship confronting something of a dilemma: how to theorize the political antagonisms of our day? Drawing on the resources of 'post-Marxist' political thinkers such as Chantal Mouffe and Jacques Ranciere, the book explores how new theoretical horizons have been made available for performance analysis.
The iron cage of liberalism : international politics and unarmed revolutions in the Middle East and North Africa
"From Egypt to South Africa, Nigeria to Ethiopia, a new force for political change is emerging across Africa: popular protest. Widespread urban uprisings by youth, the unemployed, trade unions, activists, writers, artists, and religious groups are challenging injustice and inequality. What is driving this new wave of protest? Is it the key to substantive political change? Drawing on interviews and in-depth analysis, Adam Branch and Zachariah Mampilly offer a penetrating assessment of contemporary African protests, situating the current popular activism within its historical and regional contexts"-- Back cover.
Blueprint for revolution : how to use rice pudding, Lego men and other non-violent techniques to galvanize communities, overthrow dictators, or simply change the world
Geographies of resistance
Revolting subjects : social abjection and resistance in neoliberal Britain
"First-hand accounts of the momentous student movement that shook the world"--Publisher description.
Tiananmen exiles / : voices of the struggle for democracy in China
"Venceremos" : Víctor Jara and the new Chilean song movement
Popular protest in late-medieval Europe : Italy, France and Flanders
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
The non-violent protests of civil rights activists and anti-nuclear campaigners during the 1960s helped to redefine Western politics. But where did they come from? Sean Scalmer uncovers their history in an earlier generation's intense struggles to understand and emulate the activities of Mahatma Gandhi. He shows how Gandhi's non-violent protests were the subject of widespread discussion and debate in the USA and UK for several decades. Though at first misrepresented by Western newspapers, they were patiently described and clarified by a devoted group of cosmopolitan advocates. Small groups of Westerners experimented with Gandhian techniques in virtual anonymity and then, on the cusp of the 1960s, brought these methods to a wider audience. The swelling protests of later years increasingly abandoned the spirit of non-violence, and the central significance of Gandhi and his supporters has therefore been forgotten. This book recovers this tradition, charts its transformation, and ponders its abiding significance.
Digital media and the transnationalization of protests
Protests by pupils : empowerment, schooling and the state
States of emergency : cultures of revolt in Italy from 1968 to 1978
Deconstructing political protest
The Maidan Uprising, separatism and foreign intervention : Ukraine's complex transition
National and international factors in the formation of voluntary associations in Finland
Spreading protest : social movements in times of crisis
An American ordeal : the antiwar movement of the Vietnam era
Your heart is a muscle the size of a fist
Earth First! and the Anti-Roads Movement : radical environmentalism and comparative social movements
Street spirit : the power of protest and mischief
The war within : America's battle over Vietnam
Aquarian odyssey : a photographic trip into the sixties
State and resistance in South Africa, 1939-1965
Globalisation & contestation : the new great counter-movement
The civil rights movement and the logic of social change
Artisans and sans-culottes : popular movements in France and Britain during the French Revolution
Springtime : the new student rebellions
Transnational moments of change : Europe 1945, 1968, 1989
Normative and sectarian Judaism in the Second Temple period
Looks at the history of the Occupy Movement, its roots, the links between income distribution and the economic crisis, and its impact around the globe.
By the late 1960s, in a Europe divided by the Cold War and challenged by global revolution in Latin America, Asia, and Africa, thousands of young people threw themselves into activism to change both the world and themselves. This new and exciting study of 'Europe's 1968' is based on the rich oral histories of nearly 500 former activists collected by an international team of historians across fourteen countries. Activists' own voices reflect on how they were drawn into activism, how they worked and struggled together, how they combined the political and the personal in their lives, and the pride or regret with which they look back on those momentous years. Themes explored include generational revolt and activists' relationship with their families, the meanings of revolution, transnational encounters and spaces of revolt, faith and radicalism, dropping out, gender and sexuality, and revolutionary violence.
The political power of protest : minority activism and shifts in public policy
American protest literature
Upsetting the apple cart : Black-Latino coalitions in New York City from protest to public office
Posters of protest and revolution
Protest enACTed : activist performance in the contemporary United States
The East German revolution of 1989
Popular protest in China
Change the world without taking power
Protest and opportunities : the political outcomes of social movements
Social movements : an introduction
The Occupy handbook
European Labour Protest 1848-1939
Democratic revolution in Ukraine : from Kuchmagate to Orange Revolution
"Xi Chen explains why there has been a dramatic rise in social protests in China since the early 1990s and how it has strengthened the current regime"-- Provided by publisher.
The new Arab revolutions that shook the world
Unconquerable world : why peaceful protest is stronger than war
Transnational protests and the media
Between the Avant-Garde and the everyday : subversive politics in Europe from 1957 to the present
Direct action, deliberation, and diffusion : collective action after the WTO protests in Seattle
Protest campaigns, media and political opportunities
Constructive anarchy : building infrastructures of resistance
What is finnish about The Finns Party? : Political culture and populism
Insurgent identities : class, community, and protest in Paris from 1848 to the Commune
Most dangerous women : feminist peace campaigners of the Great War
Social movements in times of austerity : bringing capitalism back into protest analysis
Crude chronicles : indigenous politics, multinational oil, and neoliberalism in Ecuador
The politics of social protest : comparative perspectives on states and social movements
Struggling to reform: social movements and policy change during cycles of protest
What we are fighting for : a radical collective manifesto
China's students : the struggle for democracy
Dispossession describes the condition of those who have lost land, citizenship, property, and a broader belonging to the world. This thought-provoking book seeks to elaborate our understanding of dispossession outside of the conventional logic of possession, a hallmark of capitalism, liberalism, and humanism. Can dispossession simultaneously characterize political responses and opposition to the disenfranchisement associated with unjust dispossession of land, economic and political power, and basic conditions for living? In the context of neoliberal expropriation of labor and livelihood, dispossession opens up a performative condition of being both affected by injustice and prompted to act. From the uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa to the anti-neoliberal gatherings at Puerta del Sol, Syntagma and Zucchotti Park, an alternative political and affective economy of bodies in public is being formed. Bodies on the street are precarious - exposed to police force, they are also standing for, and opposing, their dispossession. These bodies insist upon their collective standing, organize themselves without and against hierarchy, and refuse to become disposable: they demand regard. This book interrogates the agonistic and open-ended corporeality and conviviality of the crowd as it assembles in cities to protest political and economic dispossession through a performative dispossession of the sovereign subject and its propriety.
Acts of dissent : new developments in the study of protest
Non-violence and the French Revolution : political demonstrations in Paris, 1787-1795
Unemployment and protest : new perspectives on two centuries of contention
The truth of democracy / Jean-Luc Nancy ; translated by Pascale-Anne Brault and Michael Naas
The rise and fall of the American left
Waves of protest : social movements since the sixties
"This book demonstrates the direct influence that political protest behavior has on Congress, the presidency, and the Supreme Court, illustrating that protest is a form of democratic responsiveness that government officials have used, and continue to draw on, to implement federal policies. Focusing on racial and ethnic minority concerns, this book shows that the context of political protest has served as a signal for political preferences. As pro-minority rights behavior grew and anti-minority rights actions declined, politicians learned from minority protest and responded when they felt emboldened by stronger informational cues stemming from citizens' behavior, a theory referred to as the "information continuum." Given the influence that minority protest actions have wielded over national government, the book offers a powerful implication. Although the shift from protest to politics as a political strategy has opened the door for institutionalized political opportunity, racial and ethnic minorities have neglected a powerful tool to illustrate the inequalities that exist in contemporary society"--
Peace movements : international protestr and world politics since 1945
Transforming globalization : challenges and opportunities in the post 9/11 era
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
The April revolution and South Korean democracy
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
Timepass : youth, class, and the politics of waiting in India
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
Contemporary political protest : essays on political militancy
"Climate change ravages the earth, while wealthy elites try to grab as much of the world's diminishing resources as possible. As Vandana Shiva writes, land is life. But land, and the struggle to possess it, is also power - colonial and corporate power, to be sure, but also the power of the dispossessed to rise up and call for an end to the global land grab." --Book jacket.
"David A.J. Richards's Resisting Injustice and The Feminist Ethics of Care in The Age of Obama: "Suddenly, ... All The Truth Was Coming Out" builds on his and Carol Gilligan's The Deepening Darkness to examine the roots of the resistance movements of the 1960s, the political psychology behind contemporary conservatism, and President Obama's present-day appeal as well as the reasons for the reactionary politics against him. Richards begins by laying out the basics of the ethics of care and proposing an alternative basis for ethics: relationality, which is based in convergent findings in infant research, neuroscience, and evolutionary psychology. He critically analyzes patriarchal politics and states that they are rooted in a reactionary psychology that attacks human relationality and ethics. From there, the book examines the 1960s resistance movements and argues that they were fundamentally oriented around challenging patriarchy. Richards asserts that the reactionary politics in America from the 1960s to the present are in service of an American patriarchy threatened by the resistance movements ranging from the 1960s civil rights movements to the present gay rights movement. Reactionary politics intend to marginalize and even reverse the ethical achievements accomplished by resistance movements--creating, in effect, a system of patriarchy hiding in democracy. Richards consequently argues that Obama's appeal is connected to his challenge to this system of patriarchy and will examine both Obama's appeal and the reactions against him in light of the 2012 presidential election. This book positions recent American political development in a broad analysis of the role of patriarchy in human oppression throughout history, and argues that a feminist-based ethics of care is necessary to form a more humane and inclusive democratic politics."--Publisher's website.
Activism! : direct action, hacktivism and the future of society
Patterns of protest : trajectories of participation in social movements
Grass roots : how ordinary people are changing America
Dissent and cultural resistance in Asia's cities
The social psychology of protest
The policing of transnational protest
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
