http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9608 creationism
creationism
Why intelligent design fails : a scientific critique of the new creationism
Creation and the God of Abraham
The wisdom of the world : the human experience of the universe in Western thought
Darwin's black box : the biochemical challenge to evolution
Why the universe is the way it is
Creationism and its critics in antiquity
Monkey girl : evolution, education, religion, and the battle for America's soul
Creation and humanity
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
"Creatio ex nihilo is a foundational doctrine in the Abrahamic faiths. It states that God created the world freely out of nothing - from no pre-existent matter, space or time. This teaching is central to classical accounts of divine action, free will, grace, theodicy, religious language, intercessory prayer and questions of divine temporality and as such, the foundation of a scriptural God but also the transcendent Creator of all that is"--Provided by publisher.
More than a theory : revealing a testable model for creation
Why people believe weird things : pseudoscience, superstition, and other confusions of our time
The gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
The politically incorrect guide to Darwinism and intelligent design
The patristic understanding of creation : an anthology of writings from the church fathers on creation and design
Science friction : where the known meets the unknown
What is creation science?
Darwin on trial
Intelligent design creationism and its critics : philosophical, theological, and scientific perspectives
The creation of man and woman : interpretations of the biblical narratives in Jewish and Christian traditions
The triumph of evolution : and the failure of creationism
Abusing science : the case against creationism
God's own scientists : creationists in a secular world
The battle of beginnings : why neither side is winning the creation-evolution debate
Evolution from creation to new creation : conflict, conversation, and convergence
Science vs religion? : intelligent design and the problem of evolution
The Cambridge companion to science and religion
Ilia Delio, recognised as a pioneering Teilhard scholar, calls the essays in this volume mutational. Their purpose is to lead the reader into the depths of Teilhards vision for Christian life in evolution, and beyond Teilhard, to where he did not go.They shed new insight on God and evolution, secularity and spirituality, and the wisdom needed to forge the future. Most of all, they disclose a new understanding of God coming to us from the future, inspiring us to wake up from our mediocrity and enkindle the fire within us in order to build a world together.
Evolution : the history of an idea
More than Darwin : an encyclopedia of the people and places of the evolution-creationism controversy
"Creatio ex nihilo is a foundational doctrine in the Abrahamic faiths. It states that God created the world freely out of nothing - from no pre-existent matter, space or time. This teaching is central to classical accounts of divine action, free will, grace, theodicy, religious language, intercessory prayer and questions of divine temporality and as such, the foundation of a scriptural God but also the transcendent Creator of all that is. This edited collection explores how we might now recover a place for this doctrine, and with it, a consistent defence of the God of Abraham in philosophical, scientific, and theological terms. The contributions span the religious traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and cover a wide range of sources, including historical, philosophical, scientific and theological. As such, the book develops these perspectives to reveal the relevance of this idea within the modern world"--Provided by publisher.
The blind watchmaker
Creation and the cosmic system : al-Ghazâlî & Avicenna
A case for creation
The image of God : creation or evolution
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
Origins of life : biblical and evolutionary models face off
A meaningful world : how the arts and sciences reveal the genius of nature
The triumph of evolution [and the failure of creationism]
This third volume of Veli-Matti Kärkkäinen's ambitious five volume theology project develops a Christian theology of creation and humanity (theological anthropology) in dialogue with the Christian tradition, with contemporary theology in all its global and contextual diversity, and with other major living faiths — Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism. In constructing his theology of creation and humanity, Kärkkäinen uniquely engages the natural sciences, including physical, cosmological, and neuroscientific theories. He devotes particular attention to the topics of divine action in a world subjected to scientific study, environmental pollution, human flourishing, and the theological implications of evolutionary theory — with regard to both cosmos and humanity.
Saving Darwin : how to be a Christian and believe in evolution
"In Why People Believe Weird Things, science historian Michael Shermer explores the very human reasons we find otherworldly phenomena, conspiracy theories, and cults so appealing. The editor of Skeptic magazine and the director of the Skeptics Society, Shermer shows how the eternal search for meaning and spiritual fulfillment often results in our thinking being led astray by extraordinary claims and controversial ideas - particularly in the realms of superstition and the supernatural." "But Shermer also reveals the darker and more fearful side of wishful thinking, including Holocaust denial, creationism, the recovered memory movement, alien abduction experiences, the satanic ritual abuse scare and other modern witch crazes, extreme Afrocentrism, and ideologies of racial superiority. As Shermer investigates these movements and the people behind them, you'll be introduced to the strange debating tactics of creationist Duane T. Gish as he goes toe-to-toe with the author over evolutionary theory; the apocalyptic visions of a leading racial pseudoscientist; ESP adherents who claim they've proved the power of thought-control; the "magical" techniques a famous psychic uses to fool his audiences; and the leaders of the Holocaust denial movement and their views on Nazis, freedom of speech, and future goals." "A compelling, and often disturbing, portrait of our immense capacity for self-delusion, Why People Believe Weird Things is ultimately a celebration of the scientific spirit - and the joy to be found in exploring the world's greatest mysteries, even if many of the questions remain unanswered."--BOOK JACKET.
Tower of Babel : the evidence against the new creationism
American genesis : the antievolution controversies from Scopes to creation science
Denying evolution : creationism, scientism, and the nature of science
Genesis, creation and creationism
The selfless gene : living with god and Darwin
Evolution extended : biological debates on the meaning of life
The origin of species revisited : the theories of evolution and of abrupt appearance. Volume 1, Science
Reason in the balance : the case against naturalism in science, law & education
Creationism and the conflict over evolution
The creationist movement in modern America
Critique of intelligent design : materialism versus creationism from antiquity to the present
Of pandas and people : the central question of biological origins
The blind watchmaker : why the evidence of evolution reveals a universe without design
On being : a scientist's exploration of the great questions of existence
Reshaping natural theology : seeing nature as creation
The language of God : a scientist presents evidence for belief
By design or by chance?
Darwin's pious idea : why the ultra-darwinists and creationists both get it wrong
Natural grace : dialogues on creation, darkness, and the soul in spirituality and science
Intelligently designed : how creationists built the campaign against evolution
More than Darwin : the people and places of the evolution-creationism controversy
God and nature : historical essays on the encounter between Christianity and science
The God delusion
Evolution and creationism : a documentary and reference guide
Seeking God in science : an atheist defends intelligent design
Creation as science : a testable model approach to end the creation/evolution wars
Where Darwin meets the Bible : creationists and evolutionists in America
"In American Genesis, Jeffrey P. Moran explores the ways in which the evolution debate has reverberated beyond the confines of state legislatures and courthouses. Using extensive research in newspapers, periodicals, and archives, Moran shows that social forces such as gender, regionalism, and race have intersected with the debate over evolution in ways that shed light on modern American culture."--Jacket.
Creation and christology : a study on the Johannine prologue in the light of early Jewish creation accounts
Doubting Darwin? : creationist designs on evolution
The creation controversy : science or scripture in the schools
Pascal's fire : scientific faith and religious understanding
The creationists
Uncommon dissent : intellectuals who find Darwinism unconvincing
Darwin strikes back : defending the science of intelligent design
The evolution controversy in America
Philosophy of biology
Science and earth history : the evolution/creation controversy
Evolution, morality, and the meaning of life
The creationists : from scientific creationism to intelligent design
God and design : the teleological argument and modern science
Cult archaeology and creationism : understanding pseudoscientific beliefs about the past
The Mahdi wears Armani : an analysis of the Harun Yahya enterprise
Constructing origins : rhetorical analysis of evolutionist and creationist discourse online
" Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement, this book explains why the particularly American phenomenon of anti-evolution has succeeded as a popular belief. Conceptualizing the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, Edward Caudill examines why this movement has captured the imagination of the American public, from the explosive Scopes trial of 1925 to today's heated battles over public school curricula. Caudill shows how creationists have appealed to cultural values such as individual rights and admiration of the rebel spirit, thus spinning creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. In particular, Caudill argues that the current anti-evolution campaign follows a template created by Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan, the Scopes trial's primary combatants. Their celebrity status and dexterity with the press prefigured the Moral Majority's 1980s media blitz, more recent staunchly creationist politicians such as Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee, and creationists' savvy use of the Internet and museums to publicize their cause. Drawing from trial transcripts, media sources, films, and archival documents, Intelligently Designed highlights the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situates this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history. "--
Heated debates over evolution versus creationism have occurred almost nonstop - in courts, schools, churches, and elsewhere - from the 1859 publication of Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" through the 2005 Kitzmiller v. Dover trial and beyond. This concise reference illuminates the human side of this long, often colorful controversy by giving synopses of every major person, organization, and place involved in it. In more than 500 entries, many of them illustrated, it describes well-known scientists, religious leaders, lawyers, and others, including Charles Darwin, Andrew Carnegie, H.L. Mencken, and Bruce Babbitt. It also describes many less familiar figures such as Billy Sunday, a baseball player and influential revival preacher who rejected evolution, claiming it was for 'godless bastards and godless losers'. With entries on several trials, including the Scopes Trial, and on topics such as the Galapagos Islands and The Flintstones, "More Than Darwin" is both an essential guide to this debate and an intriguing read.
From Teilhard to Omega : co-creating an unfinished universe
The evolution-creation struggle
Blue twilight : nature, creationism and American religion
God and evolution : a reader
A humorous look at intelligent design as presented through the religious beliefs of "Pastafarianism." It argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe through a compilation of FSM scripture, observances, rites, and answers to the Big Questions of life.
Undeniable : evolution and the science of creation
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
The creationist debate : the encounter between the Bible and the historical mind
Intelligent design : a theological and philosophical analysis
Marketing intelligent design : law and the creationist agenda
Intelligent design : William A. Dembski and Michael Ruse in dialogue
Evolution vs. creationism : an introduction
Creation, evolution and meaning
A devil's chaplain : selected essays
Evolution versus creationism : the public education controversy
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
The origin of species revisited : the theories of evolution and of abrupt appearance. Volume 2, Philosophy of science, philosophy of religion, history, education, and constitutional issues
God and evolution
"Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement as opposed to a science-religion issue, this book explains why anti-evolution, this peculiarly American phenomenon, has succeeded, as measured in terms of popular appeal. Conceiving the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, it emphasizes ways that media have been used to spin creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. Understanding creationists' campaigns means understanding their popularity and appeal in American culture. Beginning with the rise of fundamentalism in the early 20th century, Edward Caudill traces the movement through the rest of the 20th and into the 21st century. He illustrates how the 1925 Scopes trial created the contours of the modern debate over evolution. Its primary combatants--Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan--became the celebrity representatives of opposing sides in the battle over teaching evolution in public schools. He then draws parallels between the media's role in the Scopes trial and subsequent political campaigns against evolution represented by Moral Majority of the 1980s, the 2005 cases in Kansas and Dover, PA, current anti-evolution politicians, such as Sara Palin and Mike Huckabee, and highlight creationism's recent gravitation toward museums and websites as a medium of communication. Caudill draws from media sources, trial transcripts, films, as well as the archives to highlight the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situate this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history"--
