http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9607 jobseekers
jobseekers applicants for a job
How to write better resumes and cover letters
Brilliant interview : what employers want to hear and how to say it
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking interviews : ace the interview and land your dream job
Multidimensional bioethics : a pluralistic approach study ethics of modern human biotechnology
Religion, belief and social work : making a difference
Child and family social work with asylym seekers and refugees
Adjectives in job advertisements in English in Helsingin Sanomat : a semantic analysis
Labour markets are experiencing strong changes worldwide. The ongoing trends have an  effect on recruitment and the ability of organisations to attract the best experts. The  purpose of this thesis was to create a recruitment model for the commissioning company,  later referred to as Company Ltd. The effect of the trends was taken into account in the  recruitment model. The goal of this thesis was to enable Company Ltd to find both  motivated and committed employees with the help of the created recruitment model. A  constructive approach was applied in this thesis. The research methods included  benchmarking, surveying, and interviewing. Information was also obtained from recent  articles.  This thesis and assignment revealed the importance of Generation Y, which is about to  enter the labour market. The ability of organisations to communicate with each generation  in the labour market was also made clear. As the domestic and global demographics are  changing significantly, organisations are beginning to face shortage of skilled applicants.  Mismatches in skills and over-qualification gaps are expected all over Europe in the  future. Organisations must see job seekers as their customers. Planning the recruitment  process to serve the applicants improves employer brand and attractiveness as an  employer. This results in increased productivity when experts choose to apply to a  specific organisation.  As the outcome of this assignment, the recruitment model was created for Company Ltd.  The recruitment model has been presented in Chapter 5. Additional documentation  supporting the recruitment model was compiled and updated during this assignment. The  documentation was excluded from the thesis. It was discovered that Company Ltd should  focus on reaching the chosen target group of job seekers and to put emphasis on candidate  experience. Motivation and commitment as a result of the recruitment model were  challenging to validate. Due to changes in the operating environment, Company Ltd's  recruitment-related plans were not taken place in 2016 and this assignment. The results  of the survey carried out among the current personnel of Company Ltd explained what  motivates and commits employees to an organisation. These results comply with the  trends described in this thesis. The steps recommended to be taken by Company Ltd in  the future include actions that strengthen the organisation's employer brand, and  emphasizing candidate experience.
Successful interview skills : how to prepare, answer tough questions and get your ideal job
The aim of this paper is to understand the challenges and opportunities of using humour in a recruitment advertising campaign. In this study, we approach through a case study the social media recruiting campaign of a high-profile company operating in the architecture industry. The campaign used humour as a device when seeking the right person. The main empirical data were collected through a qualitative open-ended questionnaire targeted at 28 potential job seekers at the architect firm to understand how the humorous recruitment campaign and recruitment ads were perceived by potential job seekers. In addition, an interview with the office manager regarding the goals of the recruitment advertising campaign was conducted, and statistics provided by Facebook and Google Analytics were interpreted. This study provides managers a new understanding of and suggestions regarding the challenges and opportunities of using humour as a marketing device in recruitment advertising campaigns.
How to succeed in employment with specific learning difficulties : a guide for employees and employers
Employer branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of employer branding for organisations to attract talent : case study : Triodor Software
Supported path to employment : social entrepreneurshop is a resource
Guerrilla marketing for job-hunters : 400 unconventional tips, tricks and tactics for landing your dream job
301 smart answers to tough interview questions
Asylum seeking continues to be a highly emotive and politically charged issue. This book analyses social work through the concept of 'xenoracism' to challenge the outdated concepts of racism that still pervade social work. Using discourse analysis, it explores how language is used to construct asylum seekers in specific ways within social workers' narratives. It illuminates how the deployment of specific linguistic resources legitimates these constructs by rendering them as reasonable and acceptable ways of viewing asylum seekers. Asylum Seekers, Social Work and Racism demonstrates how racist discourse and exclusionary tendencies can occur without reference to overt forms of racism that are based on biological categorisations. Significantly, Masocha illustrates how social workers can counteract these exclusionary tendencies through their discursive practices. In demonstrating the complexities and ever-shifting contours of exclusionary discourse, it will be of great interest for researchers, students and practitioners alike. --taken from Publisher's website.
Employer Branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of Employer Branding for organisations to attract talent - Case Study : Triodor Software
The perfect cover letter
The junior woodchuck guide to social media
The CV book : your definitive guide to writing the perfect CV
How to get that job! : the essential guide for today's jobseekers
Matching, on-the-job search and temporal aggregation : panel data evidence from Finland
Empowering asylum seekers : developing good practice
Asylum seekers, social work and racism
Use social media to find your dream job! : how to use LinkedIn, Google+, Facebook, Twitter and other social media in your job search
Bait and switch : the (futile) pursuit of the American dream
Recruiters’ perceptions of job advertisements : a case study of a Helsinki based recruitment agency
Why you? : 101 interview questions you'll never fear again
The big book of self promotion
Handbook of good practice in personnel assessment
Selling yourself to employers : the essential job-hunting guide
Are you a graduate, postgraduate or PhD student? Are you simply looking for a new job in the private or public sector, in research or industry? If your aim is to produce a professional CV or resume, then this book is for you. Based on interviews with recruiters and HR managers, and an analysis of hundreds of CVs from around 40 different countries, the book is structured as a series of FAQs. Topics covered include: how recruiters and HR people analyse a CV whether using a template is a good idea the difference between a CV and a resume how to present your personal details and whether to include a photo how to write an Executive Summary what to write in each section (Education, Work Experience, Skills, Personal Interests) how to write dates how to highlight your language, communication and team skills how to get and write references You will also learn some hints and strategies for writing a: cover letter LinkedIn profile. reference letter bio The last chapter of the book contains a simple template to help you get the job of your dreams! Adrian Wallwork is the author of over 30 books aimed at helping non-native English speakers to communicate more effectively in English. He has published 13 books with Springer Science+Business Media. Other books in this Professional English series include: Email and Commercial Correspondence User Guides, Manuals, and Technical Writing Meetings, Negotiations, and Socializing Presentations, Demos, and Training Sessions Telephone and Helpdesk Skills
Diaconia barometer 2016 : findings in brief
Tough interview questions and how to answer them
Against the double blackmail : refugees, terror and other troubles with the neighbours
EU information and assistance services
Discrimination in the Finnish labor market : an overview and a field experiment on recruitment
Effectiveness of adult education : historical and evaluative studies in Finland
EURES : the story so far : matching jobs and skills in Europe for 15 years
How to find a job on Linkedln, Facebook, MySpace, Twitter and other social networks
The interview question & answer book : your definitive guide to the best answers to even the toughest interview question
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Personality or Skill : a Qualitative Study of Humorous Recruitment Advertising Campaign on Social Media
Preparing the perfect job application : application forms and letters made easy
Matching in local labour markets : empirical studies from Finland
The cult of personality testing : how personality tests are leading us to miseducate our children, mismanage our companies, and misunderstand ourselves
Immigration policy and security : U.S., European and common wealth perspectives
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking resumes : write a winning resume and cover letter and land your dream job
Text and context : essays on translation & interpreting in honour of Ian Mason
Construction and validation of a work personality inventory
The complete guide to recruitment : a step-by-step approach to selecting, assessing and hiring the right people
Personnel selection : a theoretical approach
Composition of the job-seeker stock in labour market matching : a stochastic frontier approach
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Resumes for the rest of us : secrets from the pros for job seekers with unconventional career paths
CV and interview handbook
Social work with unaccompanied asylum seeking children
Getting A Networking Job For Dummies
The safe hiring manual : the complete guide to employment screening background checks for employers, recruiters, and jobseekers
MARKETING THE INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMMES OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES IN THE TWIN CITIES OF KOUVOLA
Assessment of job applicants through pre-screening and interviewing : a case study
Singing opera in Germany : a practical guide
The graduate psychometric test workbook : essential preparation for quantitative reasoning, data interpretation, and verbal reasoning tests : advanced level
Labor market matching with application to Finnish data
A video as source of marketing information about a student job fair : case company: MPA Consulting, Manchester, UK
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
Recruitement model for Company Ltd and the impact of recruitment trends
Job, interviews, success
Applicant attraction strategies from an organizational perspective : attraction of middle-skilled employees from Russia to the Finnish construction industry
Ultimate psychometric tests : over 1,000 verbal, numerical, diagrammatic and IQ practice tests
Job interview patterns : 100 most common interview questions and answers
Abstract: The aim of this thesis was to find out whether employer branding is a necessary action every organisation should take to attract more job applicants, or is it just a current fashion invented by the Human Resources professionals. Besides investigating the general necessity of the concept, this research also gives recommendations to a company called Triodor Software about needed actions to increase the quality and quantity of their job applicants. The need for this research aroused when current literature did not show any empirical evidence about what is actually attracting job seekers to apply for work in certain companies. A company called Triodor Software needed advice in attracting more and more talented job applicants, and the research aimed to help to find out whether employer branding is the solution. A critical review of the current literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was distributed to the job applicants of Triodor Software to answer the research questions. The results revealed that a globally or nationally known company might have the potential to attract job applicants without any specific employer branding actions. In a case of a more unfamiliar company in the local labour market however employer branding can be the key action to attract more job applicants. However, the research showed that different people represents different opinions and desires, and therefore a combination of employer brand and companies' other brands can be the best solution to increase the quality and quantity of job applicants.
Ultimate CV : over 100 winning CVs to help you get the interview and the job
The job hunt : job-seeking behavior of unemployed workers in a local economy
Ultimate job search : invaluable advice on networking, CVs, cover letters, interviews, psychometric tests and follow-up strategies
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
Compostition of the job-seeker stock in labour market matching : a stochastic frontier approach
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
Getting a coding job for dummies
Empirical studies on labor market matching
CVs, resumes, and LinkedIn : a guide to professional English
From immigration controls to welfare controls
Abstract: Prerequisites for finding employment and selecting employees : a case study of employment in small and medium-sized enterprises
This is how to get your next job : an inside look at what employers really want
Brilliant answers to tough interview questions
Labour market matching with heterogenous job seekers
