http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9610 creation (religion)
creation (religion)
Christian theology in a pluralistic context : a methodological and constructive inquiry in the doctrine of creation
Little Grey and the great mystery
Henry of Ghent : metaphysics and the Trinity
Sun songs : creation myths from around the world
Creation legends of the ancient Near East
Theology : the basic readings
Creation and the God of Abraham
How innovations create international markets : Three case studies on Finnish high-tech development and commercialization projects
The beginning of all things : science and religion
Scientific perspectives on divine action. Vol. 2, Chaos and complexity : scientific perspectives on divine action
The living God
Irenaeus on creation : the cosmic Christ and the saga of redemption
In today's scattering world, challenged as it is by climate change, pollution and other forms of environmental degradation, developing an adequate theology of creation is not just an armchair luxury, but a vital task, a mission in which we are implicated whether we like it or not. Such an adequate theology of creation should allow theologians and believers in general to enter into processes of personal and social transformation that bring about justice between human beings and a sustainable relationship of humankind with non-human reality. The contributions to this volume take up the difficult task of developing an adequate theology of creation for our times. They seek to reflect on creation in our scattering world from multiple and diverse perspectives, engaging Scripture, old and new traditions, philosophy, ethics, science, Christology, ecclesiology, sacraments and the liturgy. The wealth and heterogeneity of perspectives gathered in this collection is a gift to be explored and cherished. The articles gathered in this book contribute to an urgently needed re-articulation of the idea of creation and offer to theologians the occasion to sound their own voice in the forum of those who attempt to answer the great challenges posed by the times in which we live.
RuneQuest. Sixth edition
The work of love : creation as kenosis
No God, No Science: Theology, Cosmology, Biology presents a work of philosophical theology that retrieves the Christian doctrine of creation from the distortions imposed upon it by positivist science and the Darwinian tradition of evolutionary biology. This book argues that the doctrine of creation is integral to the intelligibility of the world; brings the metaphysics of the Christian doctrine of creation to bear on the nature of science; offers a provocative analysis of the theoretical and historical relationship between theology, metaphysics, and science; and, presents an original critique and interpretation of the philosophical meaning of Darwinian biology -- Publisher.
Faith and freedom : an interfaith perspective
For faith and clarity : philosophical contributions to Christian theology
"Imagining Creation" discusses a wide selection of creation stories from different cultures, regions, and periods, from the Ancient Near East and India, Bible and Koran, to modern Africa and Europe.
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
The pulse of creation : God and the transformation of the world
The end of Christianity : finding a good God in an evil world
Father, Son, and Holy Spirit : essays toward a fully trinitarian theology
Creationism and its critics in antiquity
In the tradition of A Civil Action and Erin Brockovitch, Class Action is a story of intrigue and injustice as dramatic as fiction but all the more poignant because it is true. In the coldest reaches of northern Minnesota, a group of women endured a shocking degree of sexual harassment–until one of them stepped forward and sued the company that had turned a blind eye to their pleas for help. Jenson vs. Eveleth Mines, the first sexual harassment class action in America, permanently changed the legal landscape as well as the lives of the women who fought the battle. In 1975, Lois Jenson, a single mother on welfare, heard that the local iron mine was now hiring women. The hours were grueling, but the pay was astonishing, and Jenson didn't think twice before accepting a job cleaning viscous soot from enormous grinding machines. What she hadn't considered was that she was now entering a male-dominated, hard-drinking society that firmly believed that women belonged at home–a sentiment quickly born out in the relentless, brutal harassment of every woman who worked at the mine. When a group of men whistled at her walking into the plant, she didn't think much of it; when they began yelling obscenities at her, she was resilient; when one of them began stalking her, she got mad; when the mining company was unwilling to come to her defense, she got even. From Jenson's first day on the job, through three intensely humiliating trials, to the emotional day of the settlement, it would take Jenson twenty-five years and most of her physical and mental health to fight the battle with the mining company. But with the support of other women miners like union official Patricia Kosmach and her luck at finding perhaps the finest legal team for class action law, Jenson would eventually prevail. Clara Bingham and Laura Leedy Gansler take readers on a fascinating, page-turning journey, the roller-coaster ride that became Jenson vs. Eveleth and show us that Class Action is not just one woman's story, it's every woman's legacy.
The mirror of creation
Business plan for artist Kal Bansal for the UK market
Creation
The theology of creation interconnected with virtually every aspect of early Christian thought, from Trinitarian doctrine to salvation to ethics. Paul M. Blowers provides an advanced introduction to the multiplex relation between Creator and creation as an object both of theological construction and religious devotion in the early church. While revisiting the polemical dimension of Christian responses to Greco-Roman philosophical cosmology and heterodox Gnostic and Marcionite traditions on the origin, constitution, and destiny of the cosmos, Blowers focuses more substantially on the positive role of patristic theological interpretation of Genesis and other biblical creation texts in eliciting Christian perspectives on the multifaceted relation between Creator and creation. Greek, Syriac, and Latin patristic commentators, Blowers argues, were ultimately motivated less by purely cosmological concerns than by the urge to depict creation as the enduring creative and redemptive strategy of the Trinity. The 'drama of the divine economy', which Blowers discerns in patristic theology and piety, unfolded how the Creator invested the 'end' of the world already in its beginning, and thereupon worked through the concrete actions of Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit to realize a new creation.
Bernard F. Batto spent the bulk of his career examining the ancient Near Eastern context of the Hebrew Bible, with particular interest in the influence of the surrounding cultures on the biblical creation stories. This collection gathers six of his most important previously published essays and adds two new contributions. Among the essays, Batto identifies various creation motifs prevalent in the ancient Near East and investigates the reflexes of these motifs in Genesis 1-11 and other biblical accounts of the primeval period. He demonstrates how the biblical writers adapted and responded to the creation ideas of Mesopotamia, Egypt, Ugarit, and elsewhere. The articles in the volume were written as independent essays. Nevertheless, they are united by theme. Throughout, Batto makes clear his understanding of the Hebrew Bible as a patently unique text, yet one that cannot possibly be understood independent of greater cultural sphere in which it developed. In the Beginning will serve as an indispensable resource for those interested in both the biblical ideas of creation and the mythology of the ancient Near East that influenced them.
There is no dog
God and the cosmologists
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
The story of everything : a parable of creation and evolution
How the world began
Christians trying to "save the planet" have to relate "creation" with "salvation." This volume explores the ways in which classic theologies have approached these tasks.
Applications of industrial statistics
Creation and salvation. Vol. 2, A companion on recent theological movements
"Creatio ex nihilo is a foundational doctrine in the Abrahamic faiths. It states that God created the world freely out of nothing - from no pre-existent matter, space or time. This teaching is central to classical accounts of divine action, free will, grace, theodicy, religious language, intercessory prayer and questions of divine temporality and as such, the foundation of a scriptural God but also the transcendent Creator of all that is"--Provided by publisher.
More than a theory : revealing a testable model for creation
God and creation : an ecumenical symposium
The gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
Creation myths : man's introduction to the world
The groaning of creation : God, evolution, and the problem of evil
The patristic understanding of creation : an anthology of writings from the church fathers on creation and design
Mark B. Stephens investigates the cosmic eschatology of Revelation, with a particular focus on the question of continuity and discontinuity. He shows that the imagery and auditions of Revelation communicate both judgement upon the present order of creation, and yet at the same time the eschatological renewal of all things.
To discern creation in a scattering world
The philokalical vision of the world in the theology of Dumitru Stăniloae
How God acts : creation, redemption, and special divine action
Light from the East : theology, science, and the Eastern Orthodox tradition
Building a brand in business-to-business markets : case Proceedo Commerce AB
Navigating the unknown : the creative process in contemporary performing arts
Product management perspectives on stakeholder and business opportunity analyses in the front-end of product creation
While confessing belief in God 'the maker of heaven and earth' launches the ancient creeds of the Christian church, the classical concept of creation ex nihilo has been neglected recently. It is thought by many to have little to say about our current needs and circumstances. In these 12 essays, leading scholars from around the world take a fresh look at the concept of creation 'ex nihilo.' The contributors provide a thorough historiography of the concept, paying particular attention to the views of Aquinas, Dante, Luther, Merleau-Ponty, and Bulgakov. They examine the philosophical and theological implications of 'ex nihilo' and its place in modern theology. Delving into topics as varied as prayer, providence, beauty, divine presence, our relation to other creatures, freedom, and grace, this book highlights the ways in which this ancient concept remains vital for the health of modern theology.
Creation and grace in Augustine's literal meaning of Genesis
When science & Christianity meet
The Divine Ethic of Creation in Leibniz
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a postmodern era
Using interactive technology to implement activities which promote social, physical and cognitive wellbeing in senior citizens.
Renewal theology. [1], God, the world & redemption
Creation 'ex nihilo' and modern theology
The metaphor of life / Panayiota Vassilopoulou, Jonardon Ganeri
Systematic theology. 2, The works of God
Drama of the divine economy : creator and creation in early Christian theology and piety
The creation of man and woman : interpretations of the biblical narratives in Jewish and Christian traditions
Theologies of creation in early Judaism and ancient Christianity : in honour of Hans Klein
Createdness and ethics : the doctrine of creation and theological ethics in the theology of Colin E. Gunton and Oswald Bayer
To begin with, God created... : biblical theologies of creation
Christ as Creator : origins of a New Testament doctrine
God and the world
Annihilation or renewal? : the meaning and function of new creation in the book of Revelation
Adam, Eve, and the Devil : a new beginning
Christianity and creation : the essence of the Christian faith and its future among religions : a systematic theology
Creation : an ecumenical challenge? : selected papers from the study "Creation : an ecumenical challenge?" undertaken by the Institute of Ecumenical Research, Strasbourg, France
Evolution from creation to new creation : conflict, conversation, and convergence
I studied inscriptions from before the flood : ancient Near Eastern, literary, and linguistic approaches to Genesis 1-11
The book of Genesis : a biography
Ilia Delio, recognised as a pioneering Teilhard scholar, calls the essays in this volume mutational. Their purpose is to lead the reader into the depths of Teilhards vision for Christian life in evolution, and beyond Teilhard, to where he did not go.They shed new insight on God and evolution, secularity and spirituality, and the wisdom needed to forge the future. Most of all, they disclose a new understanding of God coming to us from the future, inspiring us to wake up from our mediocrity and enkindle the fire within us in order to build a world together.
Adoration of the Ram : five hymns to Amun-Re from Hibis temple
Mga anak ng araw : bakit iba-iba ang kulay ng mga lahi = Children of the sun : why different races have different colors
Flying serpents and dragons : the story of man's reptilian past : the evidence that we are the children of ancient astronauts and serpent-gods
"Creatio ex nihilo is a foundational doctrine in the Abrahamic faiths. It states that God created the world freely out of nothing - from no pre-existent matter, space or time. This teaching is central to classical accounts of divine action, free will, grace, theodicy, religious language, intercessory prayer and questions of divine temporality and as such, the foundation of a scriptural God but also the transcendent Creator of all that is. This edited collection explores how we might now recover a place for this doctrine, and with it, a consistent defence of the God of Abraham in philosophical, scientific, and theological terms. The contributions span the religious traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and cover a wide range of sources, including historical, philosophical, scientific and theological. As such, the book develops these perspectives to reveal the relevance of this idea within the modern world"--Provided by publisher.
Creation out of nothing
The Garden of Eden and the hope of immortality
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
Creation, un-creation, re-creation : a discursive commentary on Genesis 1-11
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Towards Koinonia in faith, life and witness : message, section reports, discussion paper
Interaction for knowledge creation:a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
The book of Genesis in late antiquity : encounters between Jewish and Christian exegesis
Eloquent wisdom : rhetoric, cosmology and delight in the theology of Augustine of Hippo
Methods and models in linguistic and musical computational creativity
The Book of Genesis in Jewish and oriental Christian interpretation : a collection of essays
Value creation in childhood obesity care and prevention
Genotypic and phenotypic variation in transmission traits of a complex life cycle parasite
Genesis, creation and creationism
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Family business internationalization opportunities and obstacles from an entrepreneur's perspective : a case study of the creative industry
Fifty artists who work in a variety of mediums reveal how they stay motivated and find new ideas, while offering strategies and projects for breaking through the creative block.
The collected works of Georges Florovsky. Vol. 3, Creation and redemption
A study in the economic and social life of the Luo of Kenya
Evolution extended : biological debates on the meaning of life
The creation
Creationism and the conflict over evolution
Introducing radical orthodoxy : mapping a post-secular theology
Celtic cosmology : perspectives from Ireland and Scotland
New venture creation in software business:a contextually embedded entrepreneur’s perspective
The coming of night : a Yoruba creation myth from West Africa
"Christians seeking to "save the planet" have to relate "reation" with "salvation" in a way that does justice to both themes. This volume explores the ways in which this task is approached in a wide range of recent theological movements. It includes 15 chapters with 87 sections by 54 authors from all over the world. On this basis this volume provides a barometer of contemporary theological movements." -Publisher's description.
Bob & Co
Reshaping natural theology : seeing nature as creation
Causes of bovine abortion, stillbirth and neonatal death in Finland 1999-2006
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 1
Explaining the cosmos : creation and cultural interaction in late-antique Gaza
The Spirit in creation and new creation : science and theology in Western and Orthodox realms
The association between creation and the temple is a key element of the cultural context of the Hebrew Bible, and foundational for understanding its cultic theology. Situated within the common cultic ideology of the ancient Near East, Israel's temple on the mountain of God was considered the central axis and naval of creation, its architecture, furnishings, and rituals pervaded by cosmogonic symbolism. Having emerged out of the twentieth century's predisposed disdain for priestly material, the theological prominence of the temple within the Hebrew Bible is increasingly recognized by scholars. This volume, republishing pivotal scholarship on the interface of cult and cosmos, forms a primer on this significant area of study, tracing major voices in the conversation, from archaeological and ancient Near Eastern studies to biblical studies and the theological prospect of Israel's cults.
The elements of creation myth
Calvin's doctrine of man
By the same word : creation and salvation in Hellenistic Judaism and early Christianity
Sefer Yesira : edition, translation and text-critical commentary
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
First light : a history of creation myths from Gilgamesh to the God particle
Natural grace : dialogues on creation, darkness, and the soul in spirituality and science
Creatio ex nihilo : the doctrine of 'Creation out of Nothing' in early Christian thought
"Valley co-creation" - exploring the emergence of a cultural product in an entrepreneur-driven value network : case study : Black Weekend festival
Is the world created by a divine creator? Or is it the constant product of karmic forces? The issue of creation was at the heart of the classic controversies between Buddhism and Hindu Theism. In modern times it can be found at the centre of many polemical debates between Buddhism and Christianity. Is this the principal barrier that separates Buddhism from Christianity and other theistic religions? The contributions to Part One explore the various aspects of traditional and contemporary Buddhist objections against the idea of a divine creator as well as Christian possibilities to meet the Buddhist critique. Part Two asks for the potential truth on both sides and suggests a surprising way that the barrier might be overcome. This opens a new round of philosophical and theological dialogue between these two major traditions with challenging insights for both. Contributors: Jose I. CabezA^3n, John P. Keenan, Armin Kreiner, Aasulv Lande, John D'Arcy May, Eva K. Neumaier, Perry Schmidt-Leukel, Ernst Steinkellner. -- Review: 'I think the contents of this book are of considerable interest and represent a very important contribution to the discussion of theism in the context of Buddhist-Christian dialogue.' Dr Rupert Gethin, Department of Religions, University of Bristol, UK
But is it science? : the philosophical question in the creation-evaluation controversy
The triune creator : a historical and systematic study
Creation and the sovereignty of God
Organized thematically by the endpoints of time, the volume begins by addressing eschatological matters--the doctrines of heaven and hell--and ends with an account of divine deliberation and creation. Kvanvig develops a theistic outlook which reconciles a traditional, high conception of deity, with full providential control over all aspects of creation, with a conception of human beings as free and morally responsible. The resulting position and defense is labeled "Philosophical Arminianism." -- From publisher.
Imagining creation
Encyclopedia of creation myths
The creative industries : culture and policy
Creation and christology : a study on the Johannine prologue in the light of early Jewish creation accounts
No God, no science? : theology, cosmology, biology
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Vol. 2 : The world: creation and deification
Creation and the world of science
Creation in the biblical traditions
Co-creation of corporate brand through stakeholder relationships in B2B SMEs
Creation and procreation : feminist reflections on mythologies of cosmogony and parturition
Cosmic beginnings and human ends : where science and religion meet
The Creator of Genesis 1:1 : Who is he?
The creators : a history of heroes of the imagination
Augustine of Hippo employed delight within his theology in ways unprecedented in Christian thought. It underpins his approach to creation, redemption, the Christian ministry and the inner conflict between desire and the will. Moreover, his understanding of delight would make an enormous impact on the shape of monastic theology in the Latin West. Yet no full-length study of Augustine's theology of delight has ever been undertaken. In this book, Mark Clavier provides an in-depth historical and theological study of the nature and role of delight in Augustine's theology. He contends that Augustine drew primarily from Cicero's rhetorical theory as mediated through later Neoplatonic commentators to develop a rhetorical theology that could explain how even those unenlightened by the liberal arts could discover God. Clavier argues that delight functions within Augustine's theology as eloquence does within Cicero's rhetorical theory, engaging people's hearts in order to make them receptive to a wisdom they would otherwise neglect or resist. Augustine conceived of God as an orator who persuades people to turn away from death towards salvation by pouring delight into their hearts through the reception of the Holy Spirit, presented as God's own delight. His close identification of delight with the Holy Spirit laid the ground for the affective turn in western medieval theology and its understanding of contemplative reading as a participative process of ascent to God.
The earth story in Genesis
The Babylonian epic of creation : restored from the recently recovered tablets of Aššur
Exploring the organizing of work for creative individuals:the paradox of art and business in creative industries
The historicity of nature : essays on science and theology
Genesis and Judaism : the perspective of Genesis Rabbah : an analytical anthology
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Causation and creation in late antiquity
Design management for architects
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Gamemastery guide
This book explores anew the theme of creation in Scripture, tradition, and contemporary theology. David Fergusson defends the classical account of creation out of nothing but pays more sustained attention than the Christian tradition typically has given to the holistic significance of the created world. Offering both doctrinal exposition and apologetic argument, Fergusson discusses creation in relation to the problem of evil and the fall, divine providence, deism, Darwinian evolution, environmental ethics, animal rights, and more, even touching on the topic of extraterrestrial intelligence.
De quattuor materiis sive determinationes contra magistrum Henricum de Gandavo. Vol. II, De esse et essentia ; De materia et forma : a critical edition from selected manuscripts
Creative block : get unstuck, discover new ideas : advice and projects from 50 successful artists
Purpose in the living world? : creation and emergent evolution
The creator within : a theory of universal, spontaneous creativity
Nyumba ya Mumbi : the Gikuyu creation myth
Creation and redemption
Evolution and creation : a European perspective
Death's end
Destiny and deliberation : essays in philosophical theology
Creation and salvation. Vol. 1, A mosaic of selected classic Christian theologies
Handbook of organizational and entrepreneurial ingenuity / edited by Benson Honig, Joseph Lambel, Israel Drori
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
Towards Koinonia in faith, life and witness : a discussion paper, April 1993.
The creation : secular, Jewish, Catholic, Protestant, and Muslim perspectives analyzed
Individual and societal control in Lois Lowry's The giver
The good creator : literature and theology in Genesis 1-11
Mr g : [a novel about the creation]
The ethos of the cosmos : the genesis of moral imagination in the Bible
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a new era
Interpreting the universe as creation : a dialogue of science and religion
Biblical creation faith (as found in the Hebrew Scriptures) and biblical salvation faith (as found in the later Christian Scriptures) both have important statements regarding creation theology. In To Begin With, God Created . . . , Karl Löning and Erich Zenger bring the parts of the divided yet unified Christian Bible into dialogue with one another, so that the entire biblical tradition attains a new life. Here an Old Testament scholar and a New Testament scholar offer their differing perspectives in constant encounter, stressing that the witness of the entire Bible is much more strongly shaped by the theology of creation than many have believed. Taking creation theology as their focus, the authors bring the two parts of the Christian Bible into dialogue with one another so that their many voices and their single basic message can be heard. It also brings into discussion, on the horizon of Christian theology, the riches of the message of the entire Bible in such a way that the theological dignity of post-biblical Judaism, rediscovered by Vatican II, does not suffer. The authors help us see that the many voices of the Scriptures should be heard as "canonical" voices, as a drawing nearer to the great mystery of creation theology, namely that the God of the Bible is profoundly a God of life who as such seeks a living relationship with "heaven and earth."
From Teilhard to Omega : co-creating an unfinished universe
Class action : the story of Lois Jenson and the landmark case that changed sexual harassment law
Ontology and providence in creation : taking ex nihilo seriously
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
A humorous look at intelligent design as presented through the religious beliefs of "Pastafarianism." It argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe through a compilation of FSM scripture, observances, rites, and answers to the Big Questions of life.
MNC making sense of global customer relationships
God's many-splendored image : theological anthropology for Christian formation
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
Cult and cosmos : tilting toward a temple-centered theology
Buddhism, Christianity and the question of creation : karmic or divine?
Torah of the earth : exploring 4000 years of ecology in Jewish thought. Vol. 1, Biblical Israel ; Rabbinic Judaism
Concern for creation : voices on the theology of creation
The Christian faith : an introduction to Christian doctrine
The creation of heaven and earth : re-interpretation of Genesis I in the context of Judaism, ancient philosophy, Christianity, and modern physics
Abba, Father we long to see your face : theological insights into the first person of the Trinity
The Future of Co-Creation
Greenhouse theology : Biblical perspectives on caring for creation
Compendium of theology
Divine creation in ancient, medieval, and early modern thought : essays presented to the Rev'd Dr. Robert D. Crouse
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Vasilii Rozanov and the creation : the Edenic vision and the rejection of eschatology
In the beginning : essays on creation motifs in the ancient Near East and the Bible
Creation and the persistence of evil : the Jewish drama of divine omnipotence
Petri Abaelardi Opera theologica. 5, Expositio in Hexameron
Evolution versus creationism : the public education controversy
From the deep sea to the waters above the sky, from the world beneath our feet to the promised land across the ocean - this volume represents a search for traces of cosmologies in Celtic sources, especially those of Ireland and Scotland. These cosmological traces are investigated for their Indo-European and Semitic parallels and influences. The broad world orderings - Celtic tripartition (earth, water and sky) and Christian bipartition (this world and the next) - are explored, and the cosmological meaning of specific demarcations in the landscape is analyzed. The world was mapped with words, as signposts for contemporary and future generations. These written "maps" are not only geographical, they also constitute ethical and mythological guidelines. Through storytelling, landscape and social space are processed in a framework of cosmic good and evil. In a Celtic mental world roads, rivers, mountains and hills are vital markers. Hills and caves were used in rituals and were seen as entrances to a subterranean otherworld where supernatural beings dwell and knowledge of the cosmos was believed to reside with these supernatural or subterranean beings. This knowledge is connected with protection and violation of the landscape and waters, and is often associated with the king, truth and justice. In the socialized landscape features of periphery and centre are closely related to kingship: thus, looming tragedy can be deduced from the route that a mythical king takes; royal capitals are outlined in landscape and architecture as ritual centres. The naming of significant places is a human act of creating order. In the Celtic literary tradition of explanatory and etymologizing stories, place-names serve as signifiers and warning signs (taboos) and some Celtic narratives on naming places appear to function also as performances of atonement for disruptions of the cosmic order.
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
God and evolution
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
