http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9615 Chinese identity
Chinese identity
China-Y : Chinese characters for everyboby
At home in the Chinese diaspora : memories, identities and belongings
Chinese whispers : Chinoiserie in Britain, 1650-1930
China inside out : contemporary Chinese nationalism and transnationalism
Reading Chinese transnationalisms : society, literature, film
Doing business in China : avoiding the pitfalls
Chinoiserie : commerce and critical ornament in eighteenth-century Britain
Chinese ethnic business : global and local perspectives
The ethnic Chinese in East and Southeast Asia : business, culture and politics
The China wave : rise of a civilizational state
Typical American
Material, mental, and moral progress : American conceptions of civilization in late 19th century studies on "things Chinese and Japanese"
"This edition documents the growth of interest in modernist and contemporary American poetry by scholars both inside and outside China. While the tradition of Asian-American literature and criticism is well-established, there has been less exposure to how China-based critics have viewed the increasing popularity of canonical and emerging American poetry. The volume uses a variety of approaches to argue a central theme--that the "encounter" of American poetry with contemporary Chinese modernity is occasioning a radical refashioning of not only American perspectives on Chinese culture and values but of the impact of Western values upon the Chinese worldview"--
Overseas Chinese in the People's Republic of China
Chinatown, Europe : an exploration of overseas Chinese identity in the 1990s
Chinese dreams : Pound, Brecht, Tel quel
From fu manchu to kung fu panda : images of China in American film
Timothy Mo
Focusing on Thomas Burke's bestselling collection of short stories, "Limehouse Nights" (1916), this book contextualises the burgeoning cult of Chinatown in turn-of-the-century London. London's 'Chinese Quarter' owed its notoriety to the Yellow Perilism that circulated in Britain at the fin-de-siecle, a demonology of race and vice masked by outward concerns about degenerative metropolitan blight and imperial decline. Anne Witchard's interdisciplinary approach enables her to displace the boundaries that have marked Chinese studies, literary studies, critiques of Orientalism and empire, gender studies, and diasporic research, as she reassesses this critical moment in London's history. In doing so, she brings attention to Burke's hold on popular and critical audiences on both sides of the Atlantic. A much-admired and successful author in his time, Burke in his Chinatown stories destabilizes social orthodoxies in highly complex and contradictory ways. For example, his writing was formative in establishing the 'queerspell' that the very mention of Limehouse would exert on the public imagination, and circulating libraries responded to Burke's portrayal of a hybrid East End where young Cockney girls eat Chow Mein with chopsticks in the local cafes and blithely gamble their housekeeping money at Fan Tan by banning Limehouse Nights. Witchard's book forces us to rethink Burke's influence and shows that China and chinoiserie served as mirrors that reveal the cultural disquietudes of western art and culture.
The psychology of the Chinese people
Remade in Hollywood : the global Chinese presence in transnational cinemas
The hyphenated identity of the 'I' narrator as Chinese-American in The woman warrior: memoirs of a girlhood among ghosts
"Explores identity formation and cultural home for generations of Chinese immigrants living in multicultural societies across the world"--
Mottoes on Chinese traditional virtues = Zhong hua chuan tong mei de ge yan. 1.
Chinese stuff
Overseas Chinese, ethnic minorities, and nationalism : de-centering China
Demystifying face : the significance of 'face' in negotiating with the Chinese
China
China and the church : Chinoiserie in global context
Culture shock! China! : A guide to customs and etiquette
The Sinophone framework emphasises the diversity of Chinese-speaking communities and cultures, and seeks to move beyond a binary model of China and the West. Indeed, this strikingly resembles attempts within the queer studies movement to challenge the dimorphisms of sex and gender. Bringing together two areas of study that tend to be marginalised within their home disciplines Queer Sinophone Cultures innovatively advances both Sinophone studies and queer studies. It not only examines film and literature from Mainland China but expands its scope to encompass the underrepresented 'Sinophone' world at large (in this case Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, and beyond). Further, where queer studies in the U.S., Europe, and Australia often ignore non-Western cultural phenomena, this book focuses squarely on Sinophone queerness, providing fresh critical analyses of a range of topics from works by the famous director Tsai Ming-Liang to the history of same-sex soft-core pornography made by the renowned Shaw Brothers Studios. By instigating a dialogue between Sinophone studies and queer studies, this book will have broad appeal to students and scholars of modern and contemporary China studies, particularly to those interested in film, literature, media, and performance. It will also be of great interest to those interested in queer studies more broadly. --Publisher's description.
The Sino-Russian challenge to the world order : national identities, bilateral relations, and East versus West in the 2010s
This groundbreaking study examines decorative Chinese works of art and visual culture, known as chinoiserie, in the context of church and state politics, with a particular focus on the Catholic missions' impact on Western attitudes toward China and the Chinese. Art-historical examinations of chinoiserie have largely ignored the role of the church and its conversion efforts in Asia; Johns, however, demonstrates that the emperor's 1722 prohibition against Catholic evangelization, occurring after almost a century and a half of tolerance, prompted a remarkable change in European visualizations of China in Roman Catholic countries. China and the Church considers the progress of Christianity in China during the late Ming and early Qing dynasties, examines authentic works of Chinese art available to European artists producing chinoiserie, and explains how the East Asian male body in Western art changed from "normative" depictions to whimsical, feminized grotesques after the collapse of the missionary efforts during the 1720s.
Queer Sinophone cultures
Ungrounded empires : the cultural politics of modern Chinese transnationalism
China abroad : travels, subjects, spaces
The new presence of China in Africa
Revenge of the mooncake vixen : a manifesto in 41 tales
On not speaking Chinese : living between Asia and the West
China and international relations : the Chinese view and the contribution of Wang Gungwu
Beyond literary Chinatown
"The first of its kind, The Encyclopedia of the Chinese Overseas provides a panoramic and comparative view across past and present overseas Chinese communities world wide. The Chinese diaspora has inherited mainland experiences, and they have modified and enriched them by transplantation to other continents and civilizations. This book includes the most important aspects of these experiences. The volume is geographically and thematically organized. The largest section consists of country-by-country profiles of individual Chinese communities. The rest divides into thematic sections on origins, migration, institutions, ties to China, and interethnic relations. Each of the sections is meant to be read continuously. They are accessible, scholarly, and authoritative. Complex material is clearly and vividly presented in text, boxed features, maps, graphs, tables, and archival and contemporary pictures. Chinese proper names and terms are identified with their characters in a glossary, while full references to Chinese, English, French, Spanish, and Russian works are given in the bibliography."
American modernist poetry and the Chinese encounter
Thomas Burke's dark chinoiserie : Limehouse nights and the queer spell of Chinatown
Chinese etiquette and ethics in business
Chinese cyber nationalism : evolution, characteristics, and implications
Chinese life : bitter-sweet portraits 2009
Sinicization and the rise of China : civilizational processes beyond East and West
Searching for Mr. Chin : constructions of nation and the Chinese in West Indian literature
China witness : voices from a silent generation
Failure, nationalism, and literature : the making of modern Chinese identity, 1895-1937
Reconfiguring Chinese nationalism : how the Qing frontier and its indigenes became Chinese
Identity, hybridity and cultural home : Chinese migrants and diaspora in multicultural societies
China living
Becoming Chinese : passages to modernity and beyond
Chinese religion : a contextual approach
East Asian national identities : commonalities and differences
Chinoiserie
Creating a better learning space : the case of the Sino-Finnish Centre
The Chinese negotiator : how to succeed in the world's largest market
Beyond the chinese face : insights from psychology
China on screen : cinema and nation
When China rules the world : the end of the western world and the birth of a new global order
The rise of China and India in Africa : challenges, opportunities and critical interventions
The encyclopedia of the Chinese overseas
Deep China : the moral life of the person : what anthropology and psychiatry tell us about China today
Mindmapping China : language, discourse and advertising in China
Dislocating China : reflections on muslims, minorities, and other subaltern subjects
Critical Han studies : the history, representation and indentity of China's majority
Understanding Chinese society
