http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9637 tourist resorts
tourist resorts
Abstract.
Service quality in Iso-Syöte : case: Crystal
Åre tourism : the Åre Valley as a resort during the 19th and 20th centuries
Marketing research for Holiday Club Saariselkä : the county of Finnmark
How to determine the feasibility of new hotel - the case of Ylläs as a potential location
Summary and conclusions
Telephone customer service: the future of Mexico's tourism
Where to ski and snowboard 2010 : the definitive guide to the 1,000 best winter sports resorts in the world
Promoting Uganda's tourism using branding as a tool : case: Uganda, Gifted by Nature (GBN) Incorporation
The lives and attitudes of employees in tourism : a study of seasonal workers in a Swedish ski-resort
Kulttuuritilasto 2011 = Cultural statistics 2011.
Tourism planning : an integrated and sustainable development approach
Information and documentation resource centres for tourism : guidelines for establishment and maintenance
Manual of travel agency practice
Levi is a holiday resort in the Finnish Lapland. It has become the largest leisure and ski resort in all of the Nordic countries when measured by the accommodation capacity. At the time of writing this thesis there are 15,000 beds available for the use of tourists in different hotels, apartments and cottages. However, the amount of hotel rooms available in Levi is yet rather small amounting up to less than 10 % of the overall accommodation capacity in the whole area.   The main research question in this study was to evaluate and discuss about the of the three hotels operating in Levi; their different business operations, positioning, development and individual characteristics and distinct features. The three studied hotels were Hotel Hullu Poro, Hotel Levitunturi and Hotel Sirkantähti. The thesis was looking to give an overview of the hotels current situation concentrating on the above-mentioned factors.   A research in the form of an e-mail survey was conducted to support the observation by the author as a questionnaire was sent to the sales managers of the hotels looking to answer the main research question. According to them the competitive and cooperative situation between all of the three hotels operating in Levi is on a very healthy basis. Real competition among the hotels occurs only during the off-season. The hotels have constant tight cooperation together and they all take actively part in developing Levi as a tourist destination. However, despite the similarity in perceptions by the hotels differences could also be detected and conclusions could be drawn.
Sports tourism : participants, policy and providers
Engineering Earth : the impacts of megaengineering projects, Vol. 2
A technology village... : 5000 years ago
Where to ski and snowboard 2012 : the definitive guide to the 1,000 best winter sports resorts in the world
Customer Satisfaction Research for Ruskotunturi Ski Centre
Resorts : management and operation
Tourist shopping villages : forms and functions
Abstract (s. 8-9)
Snow business : a study of the international ski industry
Where to ski and snowboard 2012 : the definitive guide to the 1000 best winter sports resorts in the world
Supply chain in tourism destinations : the case of Levi Resort in Finnish Lapland
Where to ski and snowboard 2011 : the definitive guide to the 1000 best winter sports resorts in the world
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Environment, local society and sustainable tourism
Tourism destination as any other product needs to be marketed and promoted in order to attract more customers. Tourist brochures and travel guides are one if the popular promoting and informative tools. They are saturated with pictures which aim to influence the readers' minds; however, the role of the text seems to be overviewed. Words also have persuading power and they also may have impact on the purchase decision buy transmitting not only factual information, but also by evoking emotions which will obscure the mind.    “How to design a text so that it could irradiate desirable emotions?” - it is the principal question of the present research. This problem is resolved by developing a structure of key vocabulary which carries an emotional charge and should implicitly touch the necessary strings of the reader's subconscious.     The framework is applied to the case of Finland which is promoted as a tourism destination via a tourist brochure in order to verify if the developed approach can be used for revealing hidden emotions and also discover what emotions are thought to awake interest towards Finland and its attractions. Content analysis as a qualitative research instrument was used to collect and systemize the data from the travel brochure.     Findings and analysis show that the defined means of emotional expression are used in promotional text and can be applies to reveal the emotional image of described tourism attractions.  In practice it gives possibility to assess the emotional content separately from the text and discuss if the result is what the marketers wanted the customers to feel or not and take steps for redesigning the textual content if required.
Chinese-Finnish science, technology and economy cooperation on the Huangshan tourism development - study : preliminary study
The globalization of tourism and hospitality : a strategic perspective
Powder : the top 50 ski runs on the planet
Resort Development and Management
Where to ski and snowboard 2013 : the definitive guide to the 1,000 best winter sports resorts in the world
Early warning system for identifying declining tourist destinations, and preventive best practices
The competitive situation between the hotels in Levi
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
The purpose of the thesis was to provide the commissioning company information about how they could use social media more effectively in their marketing communication. The case company wanted to know what social media channels they should use and how, and in addition which channels are their competitors using and how. The theory framework defines basics of marketing communication and marketing communication in social media. Also the most important social media’s channels from the case company’s point of view are being viewed. The theory part is based on both literary and digital sources. Most of the sources are digital due to the modern and constantly developing topic. There were two researches implemented. A qualitative observation was made in order to find out how the case company and its competitors are using their social media channels and a quantitative web-based survey was implemented in order to find out social media’s users’ customs and opinions. Main results were that at the moment the case company is using their social media very competitively when compared to the competitors and that the case company should have an official Facebook page and they should also direct their content on social media more to the way that social media users are hoping.
Cases in sustainable tourism : an experimential approach to making decisions
Resorts and regional development at the local level: cores in a periphery
Resorts and regional development at the local level : cores in a periphery
World of resorts : from development to management
Environmental and socio-cultural effects of tourism in Ruka : a content analysis
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
Current issues of youth sport camp : a case study from the 2008 Piispala ice hockey camp
The study and development of this thesis was made to create and analyze a potential project that a Mexican call center would develop for the Mexico Tourism Board. This developed project consists in providing telephone customer service to the people visiting Mexico. Not only will the tourists have service and assistance in any way such as finding businesses' information, health, and security information, but Servifon S.A. de C.V. would also work as a travel agency where the tourists can book their trip. Through this thesis a thorough explanation of the project has been done, explaining the key operational factors required for the development. These studies include the Market Analysis, the Human Resources Management, the Pricing Strategy, and the Advertising Process. Furthermore, a quantitative research was done, approaching two markets: the foreign market and the domestic market. The foreign market includes seven potential markets that were decided to be focused as target markets. These countries are the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom. As for the domestic market, it naturally means the Mexican market. The research was made by giving physical and online surveys to a mixed group of people focusing to approach these nationalities. The surveys were completed with 783 surveys for the foreign market and 90 surveys for the domestic market. All the domestic market surveys were completed online. As a result of this study, we conclude with the benefits that both parties, Servifon and the MTB will have by cooperating together. Consequently, this thesis project may be used as a manual or reference in case that Servifon and the MTB decide to develop it and launch it.
Virtual nature experiences : the example of Pallastunturi and Kellokas visitor centres
Territory occupancy and breeding success of the Golden Eagle (Aquila chrysaetos) around tourist destinations in northern Finland
Sport in the city : the role of sport in economic and social regeneration
Ruka to receive investment of over one billion Finnish marks!
Resort management in Europe : case studies and learning materials : European tourism university partnership
Which ski resort : Europe : our top 50 recommendations
Customer Satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travelers to Ruka and Kuusamo
Which ski resort - Europe : our top 50 recommendations
Resort design : planning, architecture, and interiors
The future of traditional destinations : is their experience relevant to emerging countries in Europe? : Rimini (Italy) and San Marino, 20-21 May 2004 = L'avenir des destinations traditionnelles : leur expérience est-elle utile aux pays émergents d'Europe? : Rimini (Italie) et Saint-Marin, 20-21 Mai 2004
Weddings in the Wonderworld of Ice : Designing a wedding package for ICIUM Ice Park
Exploiting social media channels as a marketing communication tool : study for a case company
The last resort : photographs of New Brighton
Where to ski and snowboard 2016 : the definitive guide to the 1,000 best winter sports resorts in the world
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
The geography of tourism and recreation : environment, place and space
The English seaside
The image differences of Finland and Sweden in France
The Levi Times : travel newspaper
Planeetta leikkikenttänä = The planet as a playground
Influence of a brand image in developing a tourism destination - case Vuokatti
Top ski resorts of the world
Summary.
Where to ski and snowboard 2009 : the 1000 best winter sports resorts in the world
Herculane : touristic model
Emotional image of tourism destinations : case FTB tourist brochures to Russians
Lapland-bound : tourism buildings in Lapland
Where to ski and snowboard 2014 : the definitive guide to the 1,000 best winter sports resorts in the world
Customer satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travellers in Kuusamo and Ruka
Mobility in the European tourism sector : the role of transparency and recognition of vocational qualifacations
Tourism consumption and representation : narratives of place and self
Global tourism and informal labour relations : the small-scale syndrome at work
Five star services and scenery at Iso-Syöte : new thrills with 100 million Finnish mark investment
Critical analysis of Travel Companies in St.Petersburg : marketing of the Tahko Holiday Resort
Working in ski resorts : Europe & North America
On vacation
