http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9634 criminal cases
criminal cases
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
Crime sans frontiers : international and European legal approaches
Solving international crime
The implementation of the Corpus Juris in the Member States = La mise en oeuvre du Corpus Juris dans les états membres : penal provisions for the protection of European finance = dispositions pénales pour la protection des finances de l'Europe. Vol. 4
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
European cooperation against terrorism : conference proceedings
The jazz files : Poppy Denby investigates
Gray mountain
The Racketeer
Manual on the Model Treaty on Extradition and Manual on the Model Treaty on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters : an implementation guide
Damages. The complete first season
Crime, justice, and discretion in England, 1740-1820
Criminal justice systems in Europe and North America : Lithuania
A clear conscience
Hiding from humanity : disgust, shame, and the law
Criminal procedure systems in the European Community
Computerization in the management of the criminal justice system : proceedings of the Workshop and the Symposium on Computerization of Criminal Justice Information at the Ninth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders : Cairo, Egypt, 29 April - 8 May 1995
Social work, immigration and asylum : debates, dilemmas and ethical issues for social work and social care practice
The appeal
European criminal law : an integrative approach
Contesting Nation : gendered violence in South Asia : notes on the postcolonial present
Explanatory report on the European convention on the international validity of criminal judgments
The accused
Criminal justice systems in Europe and North America : Italy
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 3
Forensic speaker recognition : law enforcement and counter-terrorism
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 4
Losing her job at New York City's largest law firm in the weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, Samantha becomes an unpaid intern in a small Appalachian community, where she stumbles upon dangerous secrets
Victim participation at the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia
Availability of law enforcement information in the European Union : between mutual recognition and equivalent right of access
Finnish summary.
Dressed for death
International co-operation in civil and criminal matters
Damages. The complete second season
European evidence warrant : transnational judicial inquiries in the EU
Novel problems relating to criminal evidence have emerged in connection with the recent developments of technology and society. In this paper, some of these legal and practical problems are identified and examined, with a distinction made between mostly cybercrime-specific problems and problems related to electronic evidence. This paper provides an overview of the topic and brings to light the need for continuing research in the field..
The partner
Forensic testimony : science, law and expert evidence
The implementation of the European arrest warrant in the European Union : law, policy and practice
Damages. The complete third season
Man or monster - representing paedophilia in the Irish media : a critical discourse analysis of reporting on child pornography trials of January 2003 in The Irish Times and The Irish Independent
Intimidation of witnesses and the rights of the defence : recommendation no. R(97) 13, adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 10 September 1997, and explanatory memorandum
Defending the guilty : truth and lies in the criminal courtroom
All day and a night : a novel of suspense
Extradition Act 2003 (c.41) and Crime (International Co-operation) Act 2003 (c.32) : a current law statute guide
United Nations manual on the prevention and control of computer-related crime
The defense counsel
The Cambridge lectures : selected papers based upon lectures delivered at the Cambridge Conference of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Legal Studies, 1979
Computerization of criminal justice systems : proceedings of the workshop. 2
An insider's guide to the international criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia : a documentary history and analysis
The United Nations and criminal justice, 1946-1996 : resolutions, reports, documents and publications ; United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme (prepared on the occassion of the 50th anniversary of the United Nations)
Techniques of crime scene investigation
Explanatory report on the European Convention on mutual assistance in criminal matters
The reality of law : work and talk in firm of criminal lawyers
"An innovative collection of essays on events and dynamics across South Asia, this volume addresses how violence marks the present in wars of direct and indirect conquest. Anti-colonial struggles that achieved independence to form postcolonial nation-states have consolidated themselves through prodigious violence that defines and disfigures communities and futures. This book examines the very borders such brutality enshrines and its intimate inscriptions upon bodies and memories, examining the performance of gendered violence through the spectacular and in everyday life, through wars, nationalisms and displacements. Women in and of South Asia offer inspired, gendered and contested histories of the discontinuous present, excavating nation-making and its intersections with projects of militarisation and cultural assertion, modernisation and globalisation, noting how Gujarat, post-9/11 mobilisations, and the war on Afghanistan and Iraq by Empire, signify the rapidity with which brutal events continue to encompass lives and cultures globally." --Provided by publisher.
The associate
A guide to interviewing children : essential skills for counsellors, police, lawyers and social workers
Expert evidence : law, practice, procedure and advocacy
Identifying Ivan : a case study in legal psychology
Tracing economic crimes in transition : constructing collaborative expertise among economic crime investigators : a research plan
The Lincoln lawyer
The crossing
The last alibi
The criminal trial as a speech communication situation
Contemporary challenges for the International Criminal Court
Criminal justice : United Kingdom Association for Legal and Social Philosophy, 20. Annual Conference at Glasgow 24-26 March, 1994
2001 Directory computerised criminal justice information systems
Criminal evidence in the network society: new problems, new solutions?
Security versus justice? : police and judicial cooperation in the European Union
Illicit drug trafficking : harmonization in the European union and its effects on Finland
Gray mountain : a novel
Convicting the innocent : where criminal prosecutions go wrong
The passion of Bradley Manning
Directory computerized criminal justice information systems 1995
European criminal law : an intergrative approach
The European Union and cooperation in criminal matter : the search for balance
Criminal justice systems in Europe and North America : France
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 5
Murder : a tale of modern American life
The principle of mutual recognition in cooperation in criminal matters : a study of the principle in four framework decisions and in the implementation legislation in the nordic member states
Computerization of criminal justice systems : proceedings of the workshop. 1
Research handbook on EU criminal law
Whose responsibility? : a study of transnational defence rights and mutual recognition of judicial decisions within the EU
Policing world society : historical foundations of international police cooperation
Damages. The final season
Restorative justice : theoretical foundations
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
Crime and insecurity : the governance of safety in Europe
Damages. The complete fourth season
Comfort women : sexual slavery in the Japanese military during World War II
Forensic Speaker Recognition: Law Enforcement and Counter-Terrorism is an anthology of the research findings of 35 speaker recognition experts from around the world. The volume provides a multidimensional view of the complex science involved in determining whether a suspects voice truly matches forensic speech samples, collected by law enforcement and counter-terrorism agencies, that are associated with the commission of a terrorist act or other crimes. While addressing such topics as the challenges of forensic case work, handling speech signal degradation, analyzing features of speaker recognition to optimize voice verification system performance, and designing voice applications that meet the practical needs of law enforcement and counter-terrorism agencies, this material all sounds a common theme: how the rigors of forensic utility are demanding new levels of excellence in all aspects of speaker recognition. The contributors are among the most eminent scientists in speech engineering and signal processing; and their work represents such diverse countries as Switzerland, Sweden, Italy, France, Japan, India and the United States.Forensic Speaker Recognition is a useful book for forensic speech scientists, speech signal processing experts, speech system developers, criminal prosecutors and counter-terrorism intelligence officers and agents.
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 2
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 1
The International Criminal Court and the traditional principles of international cooperation in criminal matters
Quid pro quo? : a comparative law perspective on the mutual recognition of judicial decisions in criminal matters
