http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9636 exercise centres
exercise centres
Interoperability and accessibility of transport modes
Nerve and vascular injuries in sports medicine
"This book provides you with a body of knowledge in sports facility operations management that can be transferred to any type of facility around the globe to enable you to successfully and safely manage these activities."--BOOK JACKET.
Concept Design for a Fitness Center
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Suomen ympäristörakentaminen 2008 = Finnish landscape architecture 2008
LIKES - Research Center for Physical Culture and Health : Year book 1992-1993
Sport facility operations management
Sports tourism : participants, policy and providers
Resorts : management and operation
Abstract: Multidimensional and multiprofessional co-operation in changing conditions - a study on mental work in primary health care.
Physical therapy assessment in early infancy
Sport in the city : the role of sport in economic and social regeneration
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Contemporary sport management
In the growing markets of today and excess variety of choice to customers, it is significant to companies to know how to maintain their clientele. The purpose of this thesis was to identify the key elements of customer loyalty. The case company Liikuntakeskus Hukka is a large and popular health club situated in Oulu, Finland. The health club wishes to develop its services in order to maintain the number of the existing male members with improved service. The initial interest towards this case company began with the author but the subject for the thesis was suggested by the case company as important and current information to the company could be gathered from the research. The objective was to approach both existing and former male members to determine the reasons why they joined the health club; which needs were or were not satisfied; most and least important factors at the health club among the facilities, and sports and healthcare possibilities; and what were the main causes to resign the contract. According to the researched data, different segments were identified in the male members and conclusions on how to serve these segments better were drawn. This thesis aimed to explain the importance of customer service and customer satisfaction to customer loyalty of a business, as well as considering the theories of consumer behaviour and customer relationship management. Quantitative research was used in the empirical part to gather enough data for reliable results in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire sent by e-mail. Mainly closed questions were used to gain comparable answer with a few open-ended questions for receiving more precise feedback for the client company. Discussion of the theoretical part was based on printed and online publications. The results were analysed and managerial implications were suggested to the case company in accordance with results. The main segments in male members were identified, and the strongest aspects and the key weaknesses of the health club were recognised by the survey. Health Club Hukka has a strong customer base of members since many years that are very loyal to the club mainly because of the variety of services offered and the atmosphere shared with friends.
This is the first text to offer a comprehensive socio-cultural and historical analysis of the current fitness culture. Fitness today is not simply about health clubs and exercise classes, or measures of body mass index and cardiovascular endurance. Fit for Consumption conceptualizes fitness as a field within which individuals and institutions may negotiate - if not altogether reconcile - the competing and often conflicting social demands made on the individual body that characterize our current era. Intended for researchers and senior undergraduate and postgraduate students of sport, leisure, cultural studies and the body, this book utilizes the US fitness field as a case study through which to explore the place of the body in contemporary consumer culture. Combining observations in health clubs, interviews with fitness producers and consumers, and a discourse analysis of a wide variety of fitness texts, this book provides an empirically grounded examination of one of the pressing theoretical questions of our time: how individuals learn to fit into consumer culture and the service economy and how our bodies and selves become 'fit for consumption.
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
Functional neuroimaging in exercise and sport sciences
Sports facilities and technologies
Functional anatomy of the spine
Langman's medical embryology
Sport facility planning and management
Target group analysis for raising company awareness : case Liikuntakeskus Voitto Ltd
Liikuntakeskus Voitto has the potential to expand, since it has over doubled its customer base compared to the previous year. The key features their customers embrace in character are the optimism and laid-back attitude, which make the interaction extremely easy.
Marketing in today’s society has gone to a level in which the act of selling is causing resentment among the public. We are at a stage where traditional printed advertising has lost its strength and digital marketing has taken over; raising the stakes. In between all this, most companies have failed to analyze their existing clientele, thus improving their up-to-date knowledge on the target group and aiming the marketing to the proper customer segments. The case company, Liikuntakeskus Voitto Ltd., is a recently founded health and fitness center located in Limingantulli, Oulu. The topic for this thesis originated from the owners of the company; wishing to examine its clientele in order to gain detailed knowledge on the current target group and to readjust the marketing if necessary. The objective was to determine what type of customer groups Liikuntakeskus Voitto is formed of and how they can be reached in terms of marketing communication. This thesis also aimed to uncover the questions on how the customers had initiated first contact with the case company and what were the main reasons to join. Quantitative research method was used in gathering the data for the empirical part of the thesis. The research itself was conducted as a questionnaire; as a traditional paper form and an online survey. Closed questions were used for the most part to gain coherent and comparable answers. However, the questionnaire included also a few open-ended questions allowing the customers to give direct feedback on the services to the client company. The theoretical part of the thesis was based on printed and online material. The results were presented to the management of the client company and the necessary action was taken in accordance with the results. The main customer segments and their characteristics were identified, revealing the potential development area in marketing. ^
Sport facility management : organizing events and mitigating risks
The Bobath concept in adult neurology
Summary.
Maintaining customer loyalty : Developing services at Health Club Hukka
Consumer Agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety on ski slopes
Physical management in neurological rehabilitation
Top ski resorts of the world
Current issues of youth sport camp : a case study from the 2008 Piispala ice hockey camp
Likes, Research Center for Sport and Health Sciences : year book 1994-1995
Fit for consumption : sociology and the business of fitness
On vacation
Bone mineral accrual in physically active girls : with special reference to reduction in physical activity level and use of oral contraceptives
Maintaining customer loyalty : developing services at Health Club Hukka
