http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9630 automobile industry
automobile industry car industry
The European economy
Labour and the motor industry
Automotive production systems and standardisation : from Ford to the case of Mercedes-Benz
The VW Beetle : a celebration of the VW Bug
The Ford book of styling : a history and interpretation of automotive design
Forum on the European automobile industry : written proceedings
The complete book of Lamborghini
Measurement systems analysis : (MSA) : reference manual
Proximity matters? : geographical aspects of changing strategies in automotive subcontracting relationships: the case of domestic suppliers to Volvo Torslanda assembly plant
Henry Ford : mass production, modernism and design
Quality management implementation in Russian automotive industry. Case: PKC Group Russian unit "AEK".
The battle to stay competitive : changing the traditional workplace : the delco moraine NDH story
Ford : decline and rebirth 1933-1962
SAAB : THE FIRST 40 YEARS OF SAAB CARS
The international competitiveness of Asian economies in the apparel commodity chain
A flow model for contract car manufacturing project
Competitive ties : subcontracting in the Japanese automotive industry
Trade and investment : transplants
The motor car and popular culture in the 20th century
Classic British cars : the history of ten legendary car companies
Returnable transport item management with RFID in automotive industry
Competitive benchmarking in automotive spare parts
Comeback : the fall and rise of the American automobile industry
Assembling women : the feminization of global manufacturing
After lean production : evolving employment practices in the world auto industry
Women on the line
Automobile year. 1990/91, No. 38
Long term outlook for the world automobile industry
The Fords : an American epic
Agnelli and the network of Italian power
The new oil crisis and fuel economy technologies : preparing the light transportation industry for the 1990s
The automotive industry and the environment : a technical, business and social future
Transnational corporations in the international auto industry
Engineering design reliability applications : for the aerospace, automotive, and ship industries
A Marketing Analysis of Jiangling Motors Co., Ltd., China
Structural change in Germany's automotive supply industry : the industry's macroeconomic importance, the meaning of corporate acquisitions and changes in the role of management
People at work
Research on the "Cost on Non-Europe" : Basic findings. Volume 11, The EC 92 automobile sector
Men and motors : the life of Walter P. Chrysler, a great leader of American industry
Score! : a better way to do busine
Honda's global local corporation
Ford in Europe : [a broad picture of the depth and quality of Ford resources in Europe]
Cars and complexes : globalisation versus global localisation strategies in the world car industry. Vol 13
Automotive companies are facing a costly problem due to the lack of visibility on RTIs delivering auto components in the supply chains. In auto-industry, RTIs can be very expensive and there have been researches pointing out that auto-manufacturers spend huge amount of money annually to replace the lost and damaged RTIs. Nowadays, Radio Frequency Identification is a form of wireless identification technology used to uniquely enhance the accuracy of data collection and identification of items. Confidex, as the commissioner of this thesis, has been developing and manufacturing RFID products to improve significantly RTI management in automotive industry. Due to the fact there had not been such a comprehensive market study on the area and RFID applications have been developed at significantly fast pace, in this thesis an analysis of automotive industry returnable transport item management with RFID in the supply chain was conducted. The main goal is to provide commissioning company with better knowledge on the area in order to forecast the market needs and develop its RFID products. Both primary research such as in-depth interviews with companies and secondary research on published articles, company reports, company portfolios, etc. were utilized in this thesis. The collected data was analysed using thematic method. In automotive industry, OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers expressed the necessity of better control over RTIs with RFID solution. It is evident there is very low existing usage of RFID in automotive RTI management. Apart from a few early RFID adopters, it is popular within automotive industry that companies have limited or no experience in using RFID in RTI management. However, positively there can be seen a tendency to approach the technology, to calculate the savings RFID would bring in reusable container management, to investigate the challenges, to test and even to expand RFID usage between parties in automotive supply chain. This creates much space and demand for RFID solution providers to offer products and services to improve RTI management process in automotive industry in the near future. Throughout the thesis, thesis writer presented some potential business cases in particular companies by means of RFID challenges and expectations revealed by the experts from those companies. Appendix 1, as confidential material of the thesis, has been excluded from the public report.
The automotive industry and its supply chain has historically been a pioneer. However, in its second century the car industry is lagging behind in supply chain management and is not able to streamline the production volume to meet demand. The automotive industry is estimated to have 20% of overcapacity worldwide. The automotive supply chain and the production methods have not changed much since Henry Ford's Model T over a century ago. Customer oriented Build to Order approach has been identified to be the opposite to current Build to Stock, but adapting new approach in complex and conventional supply chain is easier said than done. Hence the study compares the two major logistic and production approaches used in automotive industry, build to order and build to stock. The study has been conducted as a desktop study, benefitting from the author's personal experience and interest in the field. The aim of the thesis is to find the reasoning behind the hardly proceeding shift from build to stock to build to order. The study also suggests improvements to automotive supply chain even if it was to stay as build to stock. It is suggested in the thesis that an even bigger obstacle than investments in new machinery, technology in the factory and lack of knowledge, is the mindset in the industry. Things have been done the way they have been for a century, and it is difficult to convince the industry that not only a change, but many changes are needed to achieve flexibility in all the aspects.
"Why are Mercedes-Benz customers so loyal and passionate? Because the people at Mercedes-Benz are Driven to Delight,"--Amazon.com.
Post-transaction brand and model line-up integration in the automotive industry : case studies of European companies as target of acquisitions by Chinese and Indian multinational corporations
In the EU countries, the car industry is of greatest significance to GDP and employment in Germany and some countries in East-Central Europe. In these countries a shock to the car industry could have a heavy impact on the national economy. The industry accounts for some 10% of the EU's goods exports..
An analysis of Mexico-US intra-firm and intra-industry trade in automobiles
Toyota : a history of the first 50 years
The car : a history of the automobile
A human-electric hybrid vehicle offers a relaxed travel experience for Chinese mega cities
New drivers take the wheel at Volvo
Error analysis of center-of-gravity measurement techniques
Automobile 4s store cloud service system based on websocket and react
Environmental impacts of trade liberalisation and policies for sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on India's automobile sector
End of the line : autoworkers and the American dream
Leaner than thou : linking Lean production, DFMA and production region in the automotive sector
Car distribution organization : strategic issues in four configurations
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels  Atef Saad Hamada
The Way of Chery to Achieve the Most Successful Auto Brand in China
Automotive factory network renewal
Henry Ford's lean vision : enduring principles from the first Ford motor plant
My life and work
Renewing Marketing Strategy in Kenyan Automobile Industry
The British motor industry, 1896-1939
Investigation into the factors behind new car price variations within the European Community
Japanese car
The hidden dimensions of annual reports : sixty years of social conflict at General Motors
Automotive quality management system standard : quality management system requirements for automotive production and relevant service parts organizations
Japanese multinationals in Europe : a comparison of automobile and pharmaceutical industries
The Saab-Scania story
Competing to be really, really good : the behind-the-scenes drama of capability-building competition in the automobile industry
Does integration matter for FDI? : the case of the car industry in Mercosul
Automobile year. 1986/87, No. 34
COMPARING AND ANALYZING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TO MAKE AN INVESTMENT DECISION : Case Study of Automotive Industry
Customers for life : how to turn that one-time buyer into a lifetime customer
Economic evaluation of a warehouse investment in central europe : case study at Nokian Heavy Tyres Ltd.
Between imitation and innovation : the transfer and hybridization of productive models in the international automobile industry
Emissions-control technology for gasoline engines
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Legendary German cars
American icon : Alan Mulally and the fight to save Ford Motor Company
The extraordinary life of Josef Ganz : the Jewish engineer behind Hitler's Volkswagen
Adhesive Bonds in Car Industry
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
Profit beyond measure : extraordinary results through attention to work and people
Abstract: Adhesive Bonds in The Car Industry.
The man on the assembly line
Turnaround : how Carlos Ghosn rescued Nissan
Automotive industry trends affecting component suppliers : report for discussion at the Tripartite Meeting on Employment, Social Dialogue, Rights at Work and Industrial Relations in Transport Equipment Manufacturing, Geneva 2005.
Government, technology and the future of the automobile
Automotive Import Taxation : Trade from Germany to Finland
Significance of the car industry in EU countries
Resolving the design challenge for National Electronic Vehicle Sweden : a comparative study on how insiders and outsiders perceive the brand style of Saab
Classic British cars
Tiivistelmä: Adhesive Bonds in Car Industry.
The people's tycoon : Henry Ford and the American century
Advanced product quality planning (APQP) and control plan : reference manual
Abstract: The height of a vehicle's center-of-gravity (CG) is one factor that influences its handling characteristics. A number of height methods are used to measure CG within the automotive industry. This research determined which method has the greatest potential to produce accurate CG height measurements, given anticipated measurement tolerances.
Cultural Integration of Cross-Border M&A Activities in the Chinese Auto Industry : Case Study: the Acquisition of Geely and Volvo
Cars : analysis, history, cases
Anglo-russkij avtotraktornyj slovar' : okolo 50 000 terminov = English-Russian automotive dictionary : about 50 000 terms
The role of the chemist in automotive design
Novel materials for car industry
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
The road to Nissan : flexibility, quality, teamwork
Study of "Toyota" production system from industrial engineering viewpoint
Ford : the times, the man, the company
Evaluation of supply chains based on sense and respond and sustainable competitive adnatage [i.e. advantage] (SCR) : a case study for Iran automotive industry
Hybridization of MNE subsidiaries : the automotive sector in India
Production part approval process : (PPAP)
Evolution of the automobile industry in MERCOSUR : trends and strategic moves of TNCs in the region
The car that could : the inside story of GM's revolutionary electric vehicle
Automobile workers and the American dream
A successful transformation? : restructuring of the Czech automobile industry
Ford : expansion and challenge 1915-1933
The electric vehicle and the burden of history
Mergers in car industry : are mergers a trend and solution for problems in the car industry? : DaimlerChrysler case study
Analysis of the slow adaptation of build to order in automotive industry
Alternatives to lean production : work organization in the Swedish auto industry
Reconfigurable manufacturing systems and transformable factories
The world's worst cars : from pioneering failures to multimillion dollar disasters
Working for ford
Innovative business opportunities for high-autonomous vehicles : a user-centric oriented approach within Volkswagen A.G
Mercedes in peace and war : German automobile workers, 1903-1945
The rise and decline of the British motor industry
Taken for a nide : how Daimler-Benz drove off with Chrysler
The socialist people's car : automobiles, shortages, and consent on the Czechoslovak road to mass production (1918-64)
Henry Ford
Gamification in automotive marketing : A conceptual framework for implementation
Automobile in American history and culture : a reference guide
Rolls-Royce : the Merlin at war
Recasting the machine age : Henry Ford's village industries
The Volvo experience : alternatives to lean production in the Swedish auto industry
Glass processing days : conference proceedings, 13 to 16 June 1999, Tampere, Finland
Taking charge : the electric automobile in America
"Did Ford SAF sabotage the German war effort by deliberately manufacturing fewer vehicles than they could have? Ford SAF claimed after the war that they did. Exploring the nature and limits of industrial collaboration in occupied France, Horn and Imlay trace the wartime activities of Ford Motor Company's French affiliate. The company began making trucks and engine parts for the French military; but from 1940 until Liberation in 1944 was supplying the Wehrmacht. This book offers a fascinating account of how the company negotiated the conflicting demands of the French, German and American authorities to thrive during the war. It sheds important new light on broader issues such as the wartime relationship between private enterprise and state authority; Nazi Germany's economic policies and the nature of the German occupation of France, collaboration and resistance in Vichy France, and the role of American companies in Occupied Europe"--
The origin of competitive strength : fifty years of the auto industry in Japan and U.S
Treasury of early american automobiles 1877-1925
Cross-border merger and acquisition : a case study of Geely and Volvo̕̕ s brand acquisition
Fordism transformed : the development of production methods in the automobile industry
How Toyota became #1 : leadership lessons from the world's greatest car company
The politics of industrial collaboration during World War II : Ford France, Vichy and Nazi Germany
Accessorizing construction equipment
Market Opportunities for Automotive Components Used in Non-automotive Applications Manufacturing : Estonian Industrial Market
Heroic defeats : the politics of job loss
McLaren : the art of racing
Driven : inside BMW, the most admired car company in the world
My years with General Motors
Summary (s. 115-116)).
Examination of current and future excess capacity in the European automobile industry
Henry Ford : the man, the worker, the citizen
Driven to delight : delivering world-class customer experience the Mercedes-Benz way
Strategy for Chinese independent auto companies to adapt to changes brought by new energy's application in automobile industry
Optimization of supply chain for small automotive parts : case Avtoframos plant, Moscow
Car guys vs. bean counters : the battle for the soul of American business
Glass processing days
Value creation metrics in systematic idea generation
Transport and the development of the European economy, 1750-1918
Mastering automotive challenges
Development and measurement of customer loyalty through customer survey
1,000 days in Shanghai : the story of Volkswagen : the first Chinese-German car factory
Manhood on the line : working-class masculinities in the American heartland
Extreme Toyota : radical contradictions that drive success at the world's best manufacturer
The American automobile : a brief history
Analysis of Success Factors of Mergers and Acquisitions in the Automotive Industry
The Classic MG
Statistical process control (SPC) : reference manual
Veteran cars catalogue : a catalogue of veteran & vintage cars in the collections of National Technical Museum in Prague
The Fords in my past
Quality system assessment (QSA)
Ford chronicle : A pictorial history from 1893.
Winning strategies for the Indian market
Mini concept for the future : Frankfurt, Tokyo, Detroit, Geneva
Indian and Chinese enterprises : global trade, technology and investment regimes
The automobile industry and its workers : between Fordism and flexibility
Essays on the behavior and performance of the car industry
