http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9641 theory (abstract objects)
theory (abstract objects)
Supercritical : Peter Eisenman meets Rem Koolhaas
Sustainable design strategies: Examination of aesthetics and function in zero waste and upcycling
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Architectural body
Quantum field theory in a semiotic perspective
A theory for nursing : systems, concepts, process
As i was saying : recollections and miscellaneous essays. Vol. 2, Cornelliana
Designing a simple folder structure for a complex domain
What can a service logic offer marketing theory
Go with me : 50 steps to landscape thinking
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Creating a framework for improving the learnability of a complex system
Architecture and legitimacy
Defining political science : some basic reflections
The basis for formal economics. Part 1, A measurement system and the dimensions of some basic concepts
Economic policy in theory and practice
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Using occupational therapy theory in practice
Political theory and praxis : new perspectives
Applications of integral estimates to inner functions and differential equations
What is comparative politics?
Looks and frictions : essays in cultural studies and film theory
Learning and using English and Swedish beyond the classroom : activity systems of six upper secondary school students
Clinical work and social action : an integrative approach
The price system and resource allocation
Understanding and using theory in social work
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Models of reading and writing processes
Towards a trust-based model of leadership within the leader-member exchange theory framework : a qualitative study of leaders' trustworthiness in the SME context
"How do we design for users? How might users best participate in the design process? How can we evaluate the user's experience of designed products and services? These fundamental questions are addressed in Designers, Users, and Justice, through a series of dialogues between a design scholar and a designer. In a series of conversations, the scholar and the designer address the concepts and practice of user centred design, examining whether a 'just method' necessarily leads to a just design, consider different models for understanding user experience and socially productive design, including the capability approach and utilitarianism, and ponder how an ethical framework for evaluating design might be developed. Throughout, the scholar and the designer draw on their particular experiences in design practice and design education, and propose alternative conceptualisations of the key ideas of user centred design, highlighting and seeking to address the ethical shortcomings of mainstream user centred design practice"--
Quality through design
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
The translator is human too: a case for instrumentalism in multilingual specialised communication
Pluralism : developments in the theory and practice of democracy
Possibilities : essays on the state of the novel
Studies in translation : history and theory
Exact solutions of a Dirac equation with a varying CP-violating mass profile and coherent quasiparticle approximation
Hypermontage
The lost dimension
In search of a theory of translation
A study of archeology
Capturing Methodological Trends in Mobile Communication Studies
Thinking design
The Television Handbook
Being in the text : self-representation from Wordsworth to Roland Barthes
Film : a montage of theories
The art of the play
Form to programme : speculative examination of architectural concepts in design and teaching practice
The midwife of Platonism : text and subtext in Plato's Theaetetus
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
Teaching art history with new technologies : reflections and case studies
Ideal observer theory
Instant love : how to make magic and memories with Polaroids
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
Challenges of intercultural vocational education and training : developing a strand model in the change laboratory
Understanding information practices in biomedicine : a domain analytical approach
Order in space : a design source book
A half-century of automata theory : celebration and inspiration
String theory for dummies
The status and appraisal of classic texts : an essay on political theory, its inheritance, and the history of ideas
Theorising special education
The Renaissance and the postmodern : a study in comparative critical values
Numerical models for plane viscoelastic rolling contact of covered cylinders and a deforming sheet
The film sense
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
Illustration as an art
Parish nursing : promoting whole person health within faith communities
Human communication theory : original essays
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
The Education of a photographer
Cinematic interfaces : film theory after new media
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
Sociological theory
The Sage handbook of architectural theory
Film as subversive art
The intrinsic logic of design
Theoretical models and processes of reading
Six (+2) essays on design and new media
The aesthetics of landscape
Film studies : an introduction
Theory of international law
Equilibrium unemployment duration in an urn-ball model of the labour market
Interface : an approach to design
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
Algebraic and structural automata theory
As undergraduate and graduate courses in children's literature become more established and numerous, there is an intense need for a textbook that offers aesthetic rather than educational approaches to children's literature. This work fills that void by providing students of children's literature with a comprehensible and easy-to-use analytical tool kit, showing through concrete demonstration how each tool might best be used. The chapters are organized around familiar and easily recognized features of literary texts (e.g. author, genre, character). Theoretical issues are illustrated by specific texts from the North American children's literature canon. The book explores the particular aesthetics of children's fiction and the ways critical theory may be applied to children's texts, while remaining accessible to a college readership without prior specialized knowledge of literary theory. Each chapter includes a short introduction to a specific theoretical approach (e.g. semiotics, feminist, psychoanalytic), an example of its application to a literary text, a number of activities (study questions, reading exercises), and suggestions for further explorations.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
Die Essenz der Dinge : Design und die Kunst der Reduktion = The essence of things : design and the art of reduction
The press and its problems
Measuring boundary spanning behavior
The field of special needs education is well established, and although it continues to develop in exciting and controversial ways, involving some of education's leading thinkers, many people feel it is lacking a coherent theoretical analysis of its own. Students and practitioners, looking for some solid theory to reinforce their own study or practice, commonly have to "borrow" from other disciplines, such as psychology and sociology, since there has been no attempt to provide a theoretical foundation for the special needs community. This book seeks to provide taht foundation and brings together contributions from key names in the field from the UK and beyond.
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Civil imagination : a political ontology of photography
Hello world : where design meets life
The world as design
Turing's vision : the birth of computer science
Meanings of designed spaces
Introduction to reversible computing
Cosmic perturbation theory and inflation
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Designers, users and justice
Mass communication theory : an introduction
The ten books on architecture
Essays in architectural theory
Theory of film : the redemption of physical reality
Method and fieldwork in a hermeneutical perspective
Essential theory for social work practice
Refractions : Artistic Research in Architecture
Theoretical aspects of computer software : international conference TACS '91, Sendai, Japan, September 24-27, 1991 : proceedings
Game theory and multi-agent systems
Poetics of cinema : 1, Miscellanies
Contemporary theory of conservation
Intermediate business
Differences : topographies of contemporary architecture
Introduction to matrix analysis
Introduction to psychometric theory
Basic readings in communication theory
The new exploration : a philosophy of regional planning
A theory of architecture
Seven brief lessons on physics
Drawing, building, text : essays in architectural theory
A philosophy of the screenplay
Sources of wage dispersion : how much do employers matter?
"Open Book is the first monograph on the preeminent graphic designer Abbott Miller. Recipient of numerousdesign honors including the Chrysler Award for Innovation in Design, Miller is known for his pioneering graphic work as a partner at Pentagram, where he leads a team designing books, magazines, catalogs, identities, exhibitions, and creating editorial projects. His work is often concerned with the cultural role of design and the public life of the written word. Collaborating with performers, curators, artists, photographers, writers, publishers, corporations, and institutions, he has created a unique practice that crosses back and forth between the printed page and the physical space of exhibitions. In his work as a designer, editor, and writer he has pioneered the concept of the designer as author, and he has collaborated with artists such as Matthew Barney, Yoko Ono, Geoffrey Beene, Philip Glass, Twyla Tharp, and Nam June Paik, among many others. His clients include Vitra, Knoll, Harley-Davidson, and Steuben, as well as many museums and publishers. Miller presents his work as a catalog of design strategies, emerging from the unique circumstances of form and content. In four chapters "Books," "Exhibitions," "Magazines," and "Identity"Open Book provides insight into Miller's working process and showcases all of his best designs. Miller talks freely about influences on his practice, his ideas, his experiences working with curators, artists, and clients, as well as the lessons hes learned. A foreword by Ellen Lupton situates his work in the context of contemporary design. Open Book, beautifully produced and illustrated with more than four hundred images, is a must-have for anyone interested in design and the visual arts"--
The film theory reader : debates & arguments
Thinking architecture
The ToM storybooks as a tool of studying chidren's theory of mind in Finland
Computational analysis of one-dimensional cellular automata
A darker shade of magic
In defence of politics
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
In this book, Seung-hoon Jeong introduces the cinematic interface as a contact surface that mediates between image and subject, proposing that this mediation be understood not simply as transparent and efficient but rather as asymmetrical, ambivalent, immanent, and multidirectional. Jeong enlists the new media term "interface" to bring to film theory a synthetic notion of interfaciality as underlying the multifaceted nature of both the image and subjectivity. Drawing on a range of films, Jeong examines cinematic interfaces seen on screen and the....
As i was saying : recollections and miscellaneous essays. Vol. 3, Urbanistics
Theory and technique of playwriting
The development of political theory
Contemporary political thought : a critical study
Crick asserts that politics, with its compromises and power struggles, remains the only tested alternative to government by coercion, making both freedoma nd order possible in heterogeneous societies. For Crick, politics is necessarily imperfect, messy anmd complex, yet his book defends it against htose who would identify it with (and reduce it to) ideology, nationalism, technology or populist democracy. In this fifth edition, Crick warns us that present-day politicians are in danger of threatening both citizenship and common humanity. He discusses the popular distrust for politicians in both the UK and USA, arguing that they have lowered the level of publicdebate for short-term gain; and he discusses how suchvshort-termism is preventing timely attempts to tackle despoliation of the global environment.
The third edition of this popular textbook provides an engaging and accessible introduction to semantics for students new to the field. * Explores the basic concepts and methods of the field and discusses some of the most important contemporary lines of research* Contains new solutions to chapter exercises in order to familiarize the student with the practice of semantic description* Completely revised and updated to reflect recent theoretical developments* Includes new sections on classifiers and noun classes, as well as conceptual integration
Statistical methods for organizational research
A possible and necessary consistency proof
Human acts
A theory of foreign policy
Exchange reserves and the financial structure of foreign trade : a study in commercial capital movements
Kairos : phenomenology and photography
Knowing knowledge
Guitar theory for dummies : book + online video & audio instruction
Bringing social theory and philosophy to bear on popular movies, novels, myths, and fairy tales, The Gift and its Paradoxes explores the ambiguity of the gift: it is at once both a relation and a thing, alienable and inalienable, present and poison. Challenging the nature of giving as reciprocal, the book engages critically with the work of Mauss and develops a new theory of the gift according to which the gift cannot be reduced to a model of exchange, but must instead entail a loss or sacrifice. Ultimately, the gift is examined in the book as the impossible occurrence of gratuitous giving. In addition to exploring the conditions of possibility and impossibility of the gift, the book draws on the thought of figures such as Derrida, Serres, Simmel, Cixous, Irigaray and Heidegger to argue for the relevance of the phenomenon of the gift to broader issues in contemporary social sciences. It takes up questions concerning the constitution of community and the processes by which people are included in or excluded from it, gender relations, materiality, the economy, and the possibility that death itself could be a gift, in the form of euthanasia or self-sacrifice.A rigorous yet accessible examination of the phenomenon of the gift in relation to a range of contemporary concerns, The Gift and its Paradoxes will appeal to scholars and students within sociology, philosophy, anthropology, political theory and film and literature studies.
Far from Equilibrium : essays on technology and design culture
The tall building artistically reconsidered : the search for a skyscraper style
The Sage handbook of governance
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Security studies : an introduction
Theory and methods of social research
Film theory and contemporary Hollywood movies
Architecture inside out
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Rem Koolhaas : conversation with students
The practice level in participatory design rationale : studying practitioner moves and choices
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
The theory of political economy
Film essays with a lecture
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume I
The basis for formal economics. Part 2, "Newtonian microeconomics" as an extension to the neo-classical micro theory
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
Theory of the film : (character and growth of a new art)
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
What is film theory? : an introduction to contemporary debates
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
After remarking on some common worries that trouble the academic study of religion, the article presents an argument for an anthropocentric stance and analytic preference as the directional compass, or an intellectual alignment, in the disciplinary practices of Religious Studies. At the core of this stance is a 'reductionist' commitment to a corrigible theoretical monism, which is, however, compatible with plural analytics or methodologies. Keywords: Study of religion, theories of religion, disciplinarity .
Workbook to accompany an introduction to positive economics
Psychology of singing : a rational method of voice culture based on a scientific analysis of all systems, ancient and modern
Research methods : the basics
This new text provides a state-of the-art introduction to educational and psychological testing and measurement theory that reflects the many intellectual developments of the past two decades. The book introduces psychometric theory using a latent variable modeling (LVM) framework and emphasizes interval estimation throughout, so as to better prepare readers for studying more advanced topics later in their careers. Featuring numerous examples, it presents an applied approach to conducting testing and measurement in the behavioral, social, and educational sciences. Readers will find numerous tips on how to use test theory in today's actual testing situations. To reflect the growing use of statistical software in psychometrics, the authors introduce the use of Mplus after the first few chapters. SPSS, SAS, and R are also featured in several of the chapters. Software codes and associated outputs are reviewed throughout to enhance comprehension. All of the data and input and output files referred to in the book are available on the website along with pertinent commands and other features. The authors rely on LVM when discussing fundamental concepts such as exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis, test theory, generalizability theory, reliability and validity, interval estimation, nonlinear factor analysis, generalized linear modeling, and item response theory. The varied applications make this book a valuable tool for those in the behavioral, social, educational, and biomedical disciplines, as well as in business, economics, and marketing. A brief introduction to R is provided in Section 2.8 and in the Appendix to Chapter 11. Intended as a text for advanced undergraduate and/or graduate courses in psychometrics, testing and measurement, measurement theory, psychological testing, and/or educational and/or psychological measurement taught in departments of psychology, education, human development,epidemiology, business, and marketing, this book is also expected to appeal to applied researchers in these disciplines. Prerequisites include an introduction to statistics with exposure to regression analysis and ANOVA. Familiarity with SPSS, SAS, STATA, or R is also beneficial. As a whole the book provides an invaluable introduction to measurement and test theory to those with limited or no familiarity with the mathematical and statistical procedures involved in measurement and testing
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Small, medium, large, extra-large : Office for Metropolitan Architecture
The architecture of the jumping universe : a polemic : how complexity science is changing architecture and culture
Usability assessment of a UML-based formal modeling method using a cognitive dimensions framework
Art and knowledge
From might to mandate : values in rulers' public speeches in Finland 1809-2000
Screen theory culture
Roots of political behavior : introduction to government and politics
Business cycle theory
The interior design intern
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Political realism and political idealism : a study in theories and realities
The advanced theory of statistics. Vol. 1, Distribution theory
Contemporary sociological theory : an integrated multi-level approach
Crucial words : conditions for contemporary architecture
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
Microeconomic theory : basic principles and extensions
Rethinking linguistics
An introduction to the theory of statistics
The existence of intangible content in architectonic form : based upon the practicality of Laotzu's philosophy
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Sports coaching cultures : from practice to theory
Taxation : policy and practice
Supersymmetry, supergravity and the AdS/CFT correspondence
Losing the plot : architecture and narrativity in fin-de siècle media cultures
Film discourse interpretation : towards a new paradigm for multimodal film analysis
Meaning and purpose of leisure : Habermas and leisure at the end of modernity
Design : understanding the elements
A new nature : 9 architectural conditions between liquid and soil
Abbott Miller : design and content
Scaffolding adult immigrant students in an EFL lesson
The screenplay : authorship, theory and criticism
Industrial design elements : a theoretical foundation for industrial design based on a design science perspective
On the art of building in ten books
Western political theory : the modern age
The activity theoretical approach for studying NGOs in the process of development
Contemporary archaeology in theory
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
This anthology is a symposium on queer space and queer utopias. Through the presentation of empirical work by contemporary queer theorists this book aims to create a critical dialogue about the emergence of queer spaces and the ways in which they aim to further queer futurity. This cutting edge volume pushes current debates about the future of queer identified individuals out of the purely theoretical realm and demonstrates how queer futurity is currently being shaped by individual behavior in praxis. It celebrates the possibility that these individuals are in fact attempting to craft queer spaces where hegemonic heterosexist discourses cease to regulate bodies. As opposed to rejecting the notion that social and political organization can lead to emancipatory possibilities in the future, this text explores the ways in which figuring the potential for crafting utopic spaces is not just intellectually rewarding but can transform the lives of individuals and society at large.
Plato's Theaetetus is an acknowledged masterpiece, and among the most influential texts in the history of epistemology. Since antiquity it has been debated whether this dialogue was written by Plato to support his familiar metaphysical doctrines, or represents a self-distancing from these. David Sedley's book offers a via media, founded on a radical separation of the author, Plato, from his main speaker, Socrates. The dialogue, it is argued, is addressed to readers familiar with Plato's mature doctrines, and sets out to show how these doctrines, far from being an abandonment of his Socratic heritage, are its natural outcome. The Socrates portrayed here is the same Socrates as already portrayed in Plato's early dialogues. While not a Platonist, he is exhibited - to put it in terms of an image made famous by this dialogue - as having been Platonism's midwife. In a comprehensive rereading of the text, Sedley tracks the ways in which Socrates is shown unwittingly preparing the ground for Plato's mature doctrines, and reinterprets the dialogue's individual arguments from this perspective. The book is addressed to all readers interested in Plato, and does not require knowledge of Greek.
Cinema studies : the key concepts
Aesthetic approaches to children's literature : an introduction
Political thought from Gerson to Grotius 1414-1625 : seven studies
Investment : theories and analysis
Ideas in conflict : the political theories of the contemporary world
Metaphor and the psychodynamic functions of the mind
Demystifying architectural research : adding value to your practice
Patterns of architecture
Ways to translation
The new vision : fundamentals of design painting sculpture architecture
Understanding social theory
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
A coding scheme development methodology using grounded theory for qualitative analysis of pair programming
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Towards a new architecture
Theory and processes of history
"Abbott Miller: Design and Content is the first monograph of the works of Abbott Miller--graphic designer, writer, editor, and the youngest partner to join Pentagram. This comprehensive survey of Miller's career acts as a catalogue of design strategies emerging from the unique circumstances of form and content, which he develops in symbiosis. To this end, his theoretical writings and design projects are presented in Abbott Miller: Design and Content as parallel arguments for his ideologies, representing various platforms of production, primarily through publications, and exhibitions. Working with performers, curators, artists, photographers, writers, publishers, corporations, and institutions, Miller has created a unique practice that traverses between the printed page and the physical space of exhibitions. He has focused on the relationship of culture and public forums in design and writing, and has subsequently pioneered the notion of designer as author"--
English political thought in the 19th century
New approaches to welfare theory
Slips, thoughts and actions
The Aim and structure of physical theory
Women's studies on the edge
Implementation and application of automata : 5th international conference, CIAA 2000, London, Ontario, Canada, July 24-25, 2000 : revised papers
Creating opportunities for interaction in the English classroom through drama
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Theoretical studies of ecosystems : the network perspective
The Gift and its paradoxes : beyond Mauss
Epistemological beliefs and scientific reasoning in Finnish academic upper secondary education
Design : understanding the principles
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of differential and integral calculus
Events and festivals research methods and trends
Ladislav Sutnar, visual design in action : principles, purposes
Essential concepts in sociology
System design for sustainability : theory, methods and tools for a sustainable "satisfaction-system" design
Japanese houses : patterns for living
"This book contributes to the analysis of film from a multimodal and textual perspective by extending formal semantics into the realm of multimodal discourse analysis. It accounts for both the inferential as well as intersemiotic meaning making processes in filmic discourse and therefore addresses one of the main questions that have been asked within film theory and multimodal analysis: How do we understand film and multimodal texts? The book offers an analytical answer to this question by providing a systematic tool for the description of this comprehension process. It aims to advance knowledge of the various resources in filmic texts, the ways the resources work together in constructing meaning and the ways people understand this meaning construction. This new approach to film interpretation is thus able to remodel and improve the classical paradigm of film text analysis. "--
Disciplinary anxieties in the study of religion
Theories of development : concepts and applications
Redirections in critical theory : truth, self, action, history
The flat space : potentials and constraints of the image in poetics and practice of architecture
