http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9648 audience reception research
audience reception research
Consumer behavior knowledge for effective sports and event marketing
Consuming audiences? : production and reception in media research
Attracting new audiences : attitudes and experiences in attending classical music concert of students in their twenties
Film & the dream screen : a sleep and a forgetting
News at work : imitation in an age of information abundance
Conducting online surveys
Media studies : texts, production and context
Audience as clicks : Web analytic tools in Finnish online newsrooms
The reality of illusion : an ecological approach to cognitive film theory
How audiences decide : a cognitive approach to business communication
Television and its audience
Creative arts marketing
Art and its institutions : current conflicts critique and collaborations
Audience research methodologies : between innovation and consolidation
Reacting to reality television : performance, audience and value
Reading television
Television : the critical view
Transforming audiences : patterns of individualization in television viewing
Media, home, and family
Investigating audiences
Television, audiences and everyday life
Invisible and forgettable : the ungrateful task of the subtitler? A study on the reception of subtitles and errors in them
An introduction to television studies
Audience as performer : the changing role of theatre audiences in the twenty-first century
The audience studies reader
Audience analysis
Channels of discourse, reassembled : television and contemporary criticism
Meanings of audiences : comparative discourses
Active audience : a new materialistic interpretation of a key concept of cultural studies
Media and audiences : new perspectives
The changing portrayal of adolescents in the media since 1950
Audience studies : a Japanese perspective
The only comprehensive training book on conducting research into all forms of media.
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
The absent voice : narrative comprehension in the theater
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
The process of making a handbook : case: event management
Bodied spaces : phenomenology and performance in contemporary drama
The Handbook of Media Audiences
Planning for people in museum exhibitions
The playful audience : from talk show viewers to Internet users
Media studies : texts, production, and contexts
Watching television audiences : cultural theories and methods
Highlights in museum education / Leena Hannula
Designing tangible interfaces for collective decision making in interactive theatre : or understanding audience behaviour as result of tangible interfaces and various decision making mechanisms
Hollywood spectatorship : changing perceptions of cinema audience
Psychology at the movies
Understanding the media : a practical guide
Audience research review 1995
English summary: Revolution or evolution? Reading in the age of social media.
The place of the audience : cultural geographies of film consumption
Media reception studies
Audience economics : media institutions and the audience marketplace
Building bridges : Guidance for museums and galleries on developing new audiences
Television audiences across the world : deconstructing the ratings machine
Introduction -- audience/society transformations / Nico Carpentier, Kim Schrøder and Lawrie Hallett -- Using the media. Cross-media use: Unfolding complexities in contemporary audiencehood / Jakob Bjur, Kim Schrøder, Uwe Hasebrink, Ceric Courtois, Hanna Adoni and Hillel Nossek -- New genres: new roles for the audience? An overview of recent research / Ranjana Das, Jelena Kleut and Guran Bolin -- On the role of media in socially demanding situations / Ingrid Paus-Hasebrink, Jasmin Kulterer, David Omahel and Vera Kontrakov -- Unpacking the audience's complex structures (generations, minorities and networks). Generations and media: The social construction of generational identity and differences / Nicoletta Vittadini, Andra Siibak, Irena Carpentier Reifov and Helena Bilandzic -- "Lost in mainstreaming"? Ethnic minority audiences for public and private broadcasting / Marta Cola, Kaarina Nikunen, Alexander Dhoest and Gavan Titley -- Networks of belonging: Interaction, participation and consumption of mediatised content / Paula Cordeiro, Manuel Damsio, Guy Starkey, Ines Botelho, Patricia Dias, Carla Ganito, Catia Ferreira and Sara Henriques -- Participation in and through the media. The democratic (media) revolution: A parallel genealogy of political and media participation / Nico Carpentier, Peter Dahlgren and Francesca Pasquali -- The mediation of civic participation: Diverse forms of political agency in a multimedia age / Peter Lunt, Anne Kaun, Pille Pruulmann-Vengerfeldt, Birgit Stark and Liesbet Van oonen -- New perspectives on audience activity: 'prosumption' and media activism as audience practices / Brian O'Neill, J. Ignacio Gallego, Frauke Zeller -- The role of the media industry when participation is a product / Jose M. Noguera, Mikko Villi, Nora Nyire, Emiliana de Blasio and Melanie Bourdaa -- Prerequisites of participation: access, literacies and trust. Transforming digital divides in different national contexts / Sascha Triltzsch, Ragne Kiuts-Klemm, Piermarco Aroldi -- Situating media literacy in the changing media environment: critical insights from European research on audiences / Sonia Livingstone, Christine W. Wijnen, Tao Papaioannou, Conceio Costa and Maria del Mar Grandio -- What does it mean to trust the media? / Tereza Pavlokov, Lars Nyre and Jelena Juriic.
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
The marketplace of attention : how audiences take shape in a digital age
Audiences and factual and reality television in Sweden
Communication theory and research
The Audience Experience identifies a momentous change in what it means to be part of an audience for a live arts performance. Together, new communication technologies and new kinds of audiences have transformed the expectations of performance, and The Audience Experience explores key trends in the contemporary presentation of performing arts. The book also presents case studies of audience engagement and methodology, reviewing both conventional and innovative ways of collecting and using audience feedback data. Directed to performing arts companies, sponsors, stakeholders, and scholars, this collection of essays moves beyond the conventional arts marketing paradigm to offer new knowledge about how audiences experience the performing arts.
Media audiences : effects, users, institutions, and power
The social use of media : cultural and social scientific perspectives on audience research
The audience in everyday life : living in a media world
Critical media studies : an introduction
Media audiences and identity : self-construction in the fan experience
Researching audiences
Visitor studies 1988 : theory, research and practice
Reception study : from literary theory to cultural studies
Media audiences : television, meaning and emotion
Audience transformations : shifting audience positions in late modernity
Public service television policy and national development in Morocco : contents, production, and audiences
The media and the public : "them" and "us" in media discourse
Media research methods : audiences, institutions, texts
"In today's thoroughly mediated societies people spend many hours in the role of audiences, and powerful organizations, including governments, corporations and schools, reach people via the media. Consequently, how people think about, and organizations treat, audiences has considerable significance. This ground-breaking collection offers original, empirical studies of discourses about audiences as it brings together a genuinely international range of work. With essays on audiences in Ancient Greece, Post-Soviet Russia, post-colonial Zimbabwe, contemporary Egypt, China and Taiwan, each chapter examines the ways in which audiences are embedded in discourses of power, representation and regulation in different yet overlapping ways according to specific socio-historical contexts. Suitable for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, this book is a valuable and original contribution to media and communication studies that will be particularly useful to those studying audience and international media"--
Yle serving its audiences : summary of 1998 audience research
Media studies : the essential resource
The audience experience : a critical analysis of audiences in the performing arts
The televiewing audience : the art and science of watching TV
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
Summary.
Arts marketing insights : the dynamics of building and retaining performing arts audiences
A social history of museums : what the visitors thought
Reconceptualising the media audience : towards an ethnography of audiences
The handbook of media audiences
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
Audience evolution : new technologies and the transformation of media audiences
Developing new concepts for global sales on the basis of global market analysis of PRS/ARS : introducing Dolphin Interactive to the Polish market
Audiences and the arts : communication perspectives
Event management is a growing business that is spread out into different sub-sections that operate with varying levels of proficiency. What is interesting about the business is that it touches the lives of a huge number of people but has raised little "official" interest, which could be reasoned by looking at how much resources are put into training new event management professionals. Moreover, the lack of proper literature on the subject by local authors makes aspiring event professionals start out their careers in the world of events by making the same mistakes as everyone else. This is a great shame and a situation that calls for corrective action.   Professionals in event management were interviewed for this thesis in order to find what event management is all about and what are the prerequisites for people who aim for success in the business. This information, along with the authors' own experiences, are to help produce a handbook for the beginning event manager, a handbook that helps smooth out the ruts that hinder the performance of those who are fresh to the trade.  Through the interviews the authors found out that the Finnish event management professionals have very similar views of event management as their American colleagues (as most books on the subject are written by American authors); still, they acknowledged the meaning of Finland indigenous cultural climate and limitations it sets on how such literature can be used here for educational purposes. They agreed that a handbook that would illuminate the Finnish business culture and leave the reader better prepared for the real world would greatly attribute to the training of new event management professionals.
Watching the Lord of the rings : Tolkien's world audiences
Fans, feminisms and 'quality' media
Media audience research : a guide for professionals
This book provides students and academics with an in-depth understanding of theories and methods of audience research. It surveys work done on a variety of genres including sit coms, cop shows, science fiction, cartoons, news and documentaries, covering programmes such as Beverly Hills 90210, The Cosby Show, Star Trek and The X-Files. It explores concepts of audience research from the theory of an implied audience to active audience readings, and examines how scholars are now seeking to synthesise the two areas in a way which will constitute a 'third generation' of audience studies.
Television and new media audiences
Reality TV : audiences and popular factual television
Webster describes the factors that create audiences, including the preferences and habits of media users, the role of social networks, the resources and strategies of media providers, and the growing impact of media measures — from ratings to user recommendations. He incorporates these factors into one comprehensive framework: the marketplace of attention. In doing so, he shows that the marketplace works in ways that belie our greatest hopes and fears about digital media.
Identifying Hollywood's audiences : cultural identity and the movies
The Sage handbook of media studies
Critical approaches to television
Audiences : a sociological theory of performance and imagination
Interpreting television news
Women, men, and news : divided and disconnected in the news media landscape
Shocking entertainment : viewer response to violent movies
The mobility of radio listening : the transition of radio as a medium and its significance to listeners in Finland
Tourists in the landscape of contemporary art / Päivi Matala
Television studies : the key concepts
Alternative media : idealism and pragmatism
Approaches to audiences : a reader
Events and festivals research methods and trends
Critical readings : media and audiences
Perverse spectators : the practices of film reception
Global media studies : ethnographic perspectives
Reminiscing television : media ethnography, oral history and Finnish third generation media history
Understanding audiences : theory and method
The audience and its landscape
Inside culture : art and class in the American home
YLE - a public service for everyone : audience report 1999
Communication models for the study of mass communications
