http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9644 Moon
Moon
Minimum epidermal conductance of Norway spruce (Picea abies) needles: influence of age and shoot position in the crown
Origin of the Earth and Moon
Moon : from 4.5 billion years ago to the present
The moon seems to change
To the moon : an anthology of lunar poems
Climatic adaptation of seed maturity in Scots pine and Norway spruce populations
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Moonstruck : how lunar cycles affect life
Effects of short-day (SD) treatment on bud burst, growth and survival of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) container seedlings after summer planting were studied in an experiment established in Suonenjoki, Central Finland. One-year-old seedlings were SD-treated for three weeks starting on 18 June, 24 June and 8 July 2004 and then planted on 22 July, 5 August, 6 September 2004 and, as a normal spring planting, on 10 May, 2005. Untreated control seedlings were also planted on these dates. Second flush on the planting year and bud burst the following spring was monitored in planted seedlings, whereas seedling height and survival were determined at the end of growing seasons 2004-2006. We observed a non-significant risk of a second flush if seedlings were SD-treated on 18 June. Also, SD-treated seedlings planted in July or August showed advanced bud burst and increased height the following growing season without significant effects on survival, compared to autumn and spring planted seedlings. Planting in July or early August was associated with a significant increase in the incidence of multiple leaders in later years. Based on our results, to begin a three-week SD treatment in late June or early July and then plant seedlings in late July or early August could be a good practice..
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
On the hidden significance of differing micro-sites on tree-ring based climate reconstructions
The UK Housing Market: Study of Why and to What Extent Was the UK Housing Market Over-Valued and Was There a Bubble Present in the Beginning of the 21st Century.
Ricky, Rocky and Ringo go to the moon
All-American girl
"An unlikely teenager risks all to expose the truth about a heralded moon landing. What if the football hadn't gone over the wall. On the other side of the wall there is a dark secret. And the devil. And the Moon Man. And the Motherland doesn't want anyone to know. But Standish Treadwell--who has different-colored eyes, who can't read, can't write, Standish Treadwell isn't bright--sees things differently than the rest of the "train-track thinkers." So when Standish and his only friend and neighbor, Hector, make their way to the other side of the wall, they see what the Motherland has been hiding. And it's big."--Dust jacket.
Sun, moon and stars
Lunar exploration : human pioneers and robotic surveyors
The lunar exploration scrapbook  : a pictorial history of lunar vehicles
Text, photographs and illustrations offer a visual narrative of the geographical history of Earth
Effect of accumulated duration of the light period on bud burst in Norway spruce (Picea abies) of varying ages
Studies on the cell wall structure and on the mechanical properties of Norway spruce
The adventures of uncle Lubin
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Natural variations in the amount of lignin in Norway spruce : can lignin be modified to change the properties of wood  products?
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Infamous
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
The first hippo on the moon
Changes in wood production of Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris under a warmer climate: comparison of field measurements and results of a mathematical model
Il sole e la luna = The sun and the moon
Effects of climate change and management on growth of Norway spruce in boreal conditions : an approach based on ecosystem model
Raccoon on the moon
Earth : the life of a planet
How to read the solar system
Why does the moon change shape? : helping to explain our solar system
Lunar sourcebook : a user's guide to the moon
Destination Moon : the Apollo missions in the astronauts' own words
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
Wood ants (Formica rufa group) in managed boreal forests: implications for soil properties and tree growth
Energy wood thinning as a part of the stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
The modern moon : a personal view
The moon, meteorites and comets
The practical astronomer
Spatial distribution of fine roots at ploughed Norway spruce forest sites
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Mapping and naming the moon : a history of lunar cartography and nomenclature
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
Moon tales : myths of the moon from around the world
Who built the moon?
Inspection procedure for engine block after hot run
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Star watch : the amateur astronomer's guide to finding, observing and learning about 125 celestial objects
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Case concerning the commercial exploitation of the moon (The Rover Games Case) : The Nation of Freedom v. The Nation of Bravatia
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
This book examines how adolescence, menstruation and pregnancy were experienced or 'managed' by active women in Britain between 1930 and 1970, and how their athletic life-styles interacted with their working lives, marriage and motherhood. It explores the gendered barriers which have influenced women's sporting experiences. Women's lives have always been shaped by the socially and physically constructed life-cycle, and this is all the more apparent when we look at female exercise. Even self-proclaimed 'sporty' women have had to negotiate obstacles at various stages of their lives to try and maintain their athletic identity. So how did women overcome these obstacles to gain access to exercise in a time when the sportswoman was not an image society was wholly comfortable with? Oral history testimony and extensive archival research show how the physically and socially constructed female life-cycle shaped women's experiences of exercise and sport throughout these decades.
Stump wood is a possible alternative to fossil fuel. Its harvesting, however, disturbs the ground and this has not yet been quantified at stump level. Such disturbance is likely to be dependent on stump size, type of soil and timing of stump harvesting. Therefore, we measured ground disturbance and root breakage diameter at two Norway spruce sites with sandy glacial till soil. The sites were harvested with a fork type head, 6 and 18 months after clear cutting. Measurements were made within 2 weeks of harvest. No difference was found between the two sites. The mean area of disturbed ground was 6.06 (std 3.14) m2 per stump and increased exponentially with stump size. A regression function modelling the relationship was constructed. Unexpectedly, many fine roots where extracted in the harvest. The arithmetic and basal area weighted mean root breakage diameter was 4.6 (std 2.2) and 29.5 (std 17.9) mm, respectively. There seems to be a limited increase in root breakage diameter with increased stump size. The small root breakage diameter is associated with reduced fuel quality and greater nutrient removal. It appears that much of the ground disturbance is associated with the creation of ruts rather than stump harvest per se. Stump harvesting disturbs a larger percentage of the area of a harvested site than mounding. Postponing stump harvest by one year did not decrease the ground disturbance or increase the root breakage diameter. To achieve less disturbance and larger root breakage diameter, probably new stump harvesting technology is required.
Moon : a brief history
Degree of previous cutting in explaining the differences in diameter distributions between mature managed and natural Norway spruce forests
Accommodative monetary policy is necessary for price stability and economic recovery. However, abundant liquidity and the search for yield fuelled by low interest rates can also create risks for financial stability..
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Properties of rescued embryonal suspensor masses of Norway spruce determined by the genotype and the environment in vitro
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
Microsite occupancy and spatial structure of regeneration in three late-successional Norway spruce forests in northern Europe
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
Mouse and the moon
The fame game
Simple stargazing : a friendly handbook for viewing the universe
FTIR spectroscopic prediction of Klason and acid soluble lignin variation in Norway spruce cutting clones
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
By the light of the harvest moon
Linear prediction application for modelling the relationships between a large number of stand characteristics of Norway spruce stands
Oona is a very excited puffin! She can't wait until night-time because tonight the moon won't be an ordinary moon: it will be a supermoon, which means it will be bigger and more beautiful than ever before! But getting this excited can make a puffin sleepy. Will Oona be able to stay awake late enough to see it?!
This atlas is based on the lunar global Digital Elevation Models (DEM) of Chang'E-1 (CE-1), and presents CCD stereo image data with digital photogrammetry. The spatial resolution of the DEM in this atlas is 500m, with horizontal accuracy of 192m and vertical accuracy of 120m. Color-shaded relief maps with contour lines are used to show the lunar topographical characteristics. The topographical data gathered by CE-1 can provide fundamental information for the study of lunar topographical, morphological and geological structures, as well as for lunar evolution research.
The great moon confusion
Earth, moon & sun
Exercise in the female life-cycle in Britain, 1930-1970
Prediction models for the annual seed crop of Norway spruce and Scots pine in Finland
The first moon landing
Tree-ring chronologies are commonly extended back in time by combining samples from living trees with relict material preserved in man-made structures or natural archives (e.g. lakes). Although spatially close, these natural archives and living-tree-sites often comprise different micro-climates. Inhomogeneous growth conditions among these habitats, which may yield offsets in growth-rates, require caution in data processing. Here we assess species-specific growth dynamics in two micro-habitats and their potential effects on long chronologies by combining tree-ring data from different living-tree-sites with an “artificial” subfossil dataset. Well replicated (n > 80) Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) chronologies from northern Fennoscandia, sampled directly at the lakeshore (wet) and several meters beyond the lakeshore (dry) reveal high coherence of the variance between micro-sites (rspruce = 0.59, rpine = 0.68). Significant differences of the Regional Curves (RC) indicate faster growth of both species at the drier site though. Growth differences are more pronounced between the spruce micro-sites. The combination of recent dry and wet spruce data with artificial relict data results in two long chronologies covering the last 800 years with substantially different trends, although they consist of the same relict material and the micro-site chronologies correlate significantly over the past two centuries. The combination of spruce samples from dry inland micro-sites with subfossil samples originating from the wet lake shore can result in an underestimation of past temperatures prior to the 19th century. Such effects, hidden in the composition of long chronologies (living trees + subfossil samples) can bias long-term trends in climate reconstructions..
Astronomy photographer of the year : [collection 1]
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Return to the moon : exploration, enterprise, and energy in the human settlement of space
Beyond the moon : a conversational common sense guide to understanding the tides
The moon and the western imagination
Out of the blue : a 24-hour to skywatcher's guide
Nocturne : a journey in search of moonlight
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
The stylist
The way back home
"Did you know the cycles of the moon have a huge effect on our health, our mood, our relationships, and our work? By understanding these phases, we can work with them to improve and empower every aspect of our lives. In Moonology, world-renowned astrologist Yasmin Boland unveils: why connecting with the moon can change your life for the better; powerful rituals and ceremonies for each moon phase; how the moon connects us to nature and the cosmos; how to work out where the moon is in each cycle; international New Moon and Full Moon dates for the next 10 years. You will also learn affirmations, visualizations, and chants to use during each phase of the moon, and will discover the role of Angels, Goddesses, and Ascended Masters during the New and Full Moons. This is a book for all those wishing to deepen their connection with nature and take their spiritual practice to a new level."--Publisher's information.
Do you speak English, Moon?
Thermal modification of Sitka spruce
Report on planet three and other speculations
The growth rhythm and height growth of seedlings of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in greenhouse conditions
The Chang'E-1 topographic atlas of the moon
The moon
[Abstract].
An analysis of North Korea's satellite
The moon book : [exploring the mysteries of the lunar world]
Does conversion of even-aged, secondary coniferous forests affect carbon sequestration? : a simulation study under changing environmental conditions
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
Midnight on the Moon
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Adaptation of the timing of bud burst of Norway spruce to temperate and boreal climates
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Remote sensing techniques for forest parameter assessment : multispectral classification and linear spectral mixture analysis
Invasion of the moon 1969 : the story of Apollo 11
Intensification of hemicellulose hot-water extraction from spruce wood by parameter tuning
Goodnight beautiful moon : an Oona and Baba adventure
The book of space : all about stars, planets and rockets!
Combined effects of elevated winter temperatures and CO2 on Norway spruce seedlings
Am luat luna la plimbare = I took the moon for a walk
George and the big bang
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
Ami candake niye beriye elama = I took the moon for a walk
The paper aimed at testing the potential of refining tree rot diagnostics carried out by means of electrical impedance tomography (EIT). Examined was the use of EIT datasets with electrical resistance values and sapwood proportion determined on the basis of tomograms. Making use of datasets with resistance values in EIT rot diagnostics is not a default method, although datasets stay unaffected by a fixed colour scale and subsequent subjective evaluation unlike tomograms. Tomography measurement was carried out for 27 individuals of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) in two stands north-east of Brno, Czech Republic. Once felled down, radial cut-outs were sampled at the measurement site and used for localising rot and determining the extent of the area of decay. The results were subsequently compared with tomograms. EIT datasets containing values of electrical resistance found by measuring were statistically processed and compared with the extent of rot area identified within the cuts. Sapwood proportion values were also detected using the tomograms. The baseline assumption that sapwood proportion decreases as the rot area in the radial cut expands was confirmed. In trees with rot percentage to 35% approximately, sapwood proportion was exceeding 30% except one tree. In trees with rot percentage exceeding 35%, sapwood proportion was below 30%. On the basis of interpreted datasets, the trees can be split into three characteristic groups that correspond to the occurrence, extent and nature of the rot.
Growth and recruitment after mountain forest selective cutting in irregular spruce forest : a case study in northern Norway
The secret book of sacred things
Moonthief
Allozyme variation in natural populations of Picea asperata
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
E nxora hënën shëtitje = I took the moon for a walk
Mwen te mennen lalin nan al pwonmennen = I took the moon for a walk
Canna num maim lai gia saira num   = I took the moon for a walk
Amin cand ko sair ke li'e le gaya = I took the moon for a walk
I took the moon for a walk
The people in the trees
The boy who climbed into the moon
Little Bear
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
In quest of the universe
Low interest rates provide a stimulus but can also create risks
Effects of genetic entry and spacing on growth and wood properties in Norway spruce
Discover the moon
Adaptive evolution and demographic history of Norway spruce (Picea abies)
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Post-planting effects of early-season short-day treatment and summer planting on Norway spruce seedlings
The effect of cutting the root connection by detaching the shoot from the root system on dormancy release and vegetative bud burst was examined in 2-year-old seedlings of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Seedlings were transferred at 1-4 week intervals between October and January from outdoor conditions to experimental forcing in a heated greenhouse. Before forcing, half of the seedlings were cut above ground line, and the detached shoots were forced with their cut ends placed in water. The intact seedlings were forced with their root system remaining intact in the pots. Vegetative bud burst was observed visually. Cutting the root connection slightly increased days to bud burst in the forcing conditions, however, no consistent effect on bud burst percentage was found. Our preliminary seedling data suggest that using detached tree material in dormancy release experiments may have a small effect on bud burst date but it will evidently not lead to drastically erroneous conclusions. Further studies, using different seed lots, are needed to assess the effect of detaching on the dormancy release and bud burst, especially in adult trees.
Dayaxa ayaa ila lugeeyay = I took the moon for a walk
Space Song Rocket Ride
Astronomy
Effect of stump size and timing of stump harvesting on ground disturbance and root breakage diameter
Overheating of global financial market could also have a destabilising impact on Finland
Thinning intensity and growth of mixed spruce-birch stands on drained peatlands in Finland
The next continent
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
The moon : our nearest celestial neighbour
Frost heaving of Picea abies seedlings as influenced by soil preparation, planting technique, and location along gap-shelterwood gradients
Explorers on the moon
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Live-storage of Picea abies for two summers after storm felling in Sweden
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
Threats concerning the usability of satellite communications in cyberwarfare environment
Little Honey Bear and the smiley moon
This is non-fiction for very young children, who will find lots of things to look at and talk about in this highly visual book about space - what it is, where it is, and what's out there. Little ones can find out about planets, stars, asteroids, space travel and lots more - whilst learning lots of interesting new words. – WorldCat.
Electrical impedance tomography for decay diagnostics of Norway spruce (Picea abies): possibilities and opportunities
The book of the moon
Daddy on the moon
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
Skyways : astronomy handbook for teachers
Lunar Orbiter photographic atlas of the near side of the Moon
Fantastic voyages of the cinematic imagination : Georges Méliès's Trip to the moon
Moonshot : the inside story of mankind's greatest adventure
Papa, please get the moon for me
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
The Clementine atlas of the moon
Regeneration process from seed crop to saplings : a case study in uneven-aged Norway spruce-dominated stands in southern Finland
Reproductive phenology in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Interaction of prechilling, temperature, osmotic stress, and light in Picea abies seed germination
Summary.
Estimating potassium nutrition of Norway spruce with needle analysis during different seasons
Proceedings of the International Institute of Space Law. 2010, IISL-ECSL Symposium held on the occasion of the 49th Session of the Legal Subcommitteee of UNCOPUOS (22 March 2010, Vienna, Austria) ; 53th Colloquium on the Law of Outer Space and 25th IAA-IISL Scientific/Legal Roundtable (27 September - 1 October 2010, Prague, Czech Republic) ; 19th Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition 2010 (30 October 2010, Czech Republic) ; 5th Eilene Galloway Symposium on Critical Issues in Space Law (2nd Decem,ber 2010, Washington, D.C. USA) ; and other materials
Ready or not
Lasso the moon
The great cheese hunt
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
An overheating of the international financial markets would spread to Finland, too, pushing up asset prices and possibly boosting the supply of loans. From a macroprudential perspective, strong growth in both these indicators would increase domestic vulnerabilities. The financial crisis has increased the understanding of cross-border stability risks, but the tools for mitigating these risks remain insufficient..
China's journey to space : from dream to reality
Have you noticed that the moon sometimes seems to grow and shrink? Read and find out about the phases of the moon! With a simple experiment using an orange, a pencil, and a flashlight, you can see for yourself why the moon looks different at different times of the month.  Now rebranded with a new cover look, this classic picture book features rich vocabulary and simple diagrams. Both text and artwork were vetted for accuracy by an expert.  This is a Level 2 Let's-Read-and-Find-Out Science title, which means the book explores more challenging concepts for children in the primary grades and supports the Common Core Learning Standards, Next Generation Science Standards, and the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) standards. Let's-Read-and-Find-Out Science is the winner of the American Association for the Advancement of Science/Subaru Science Books & Films Prize for Outstanding Science Series.
The moon and the growth of plants
The use of foliage and soil information for managing the nutrition of Sitka and Norway spruce on cutaway peatlands
Multilevel modelling of height growth in young Norway spruce plantations in southern Finland
Moondust : in search of the men who fell to Earth
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
Significance of the root connection on the dormancy release and vegetative bud burst of Norway spruce (Picea abies) seedlings in relation to accumulated chilling
Atlas of the moon
Nasa mission AS-506 : Apollo 11 1969 (including Saturn V, CM-107, SM-107, LM-5] : an insight into the hardware from the first manned mission to land on the moon
Transformers : kuun pimeä puoli = Transformers : dark of the moon
Outer space and legal liability
By the light of the moon
My very first space book
Earth and Moon
Variation in the results of Norway spruce planting and Scots pine direct seeding in privately-owned forests in southern Finland
Outer space
Highroad to the moon : from imagination to reality
Moonology : working with the magic of lunar cycles
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
The astronomy bible : the definitive guide to the night sky and the universe
Wood density within Norway spruce stems
The moon : resources, future development and settlement
Goddesses and trees, new moon and Yahweh : ancient Near Eastern art and the Hebrew Bible
Minokawa = (The origin of the eclipse)
