http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9645 moons
moons natural satellites
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
Natural variations in the amount of lignin in Norway spruce : can lignin be modified to change the properties of wood  products?
Effect of stump size and timing of stump harvesting on ground disturbance and root breakage diameter
Wood ants (Formica rufa group) in managed boreal forests: implications for soil properties and tree growth
Apollo 11 : NASA mission AS-506 : 1969 (including Saturn V, CM-107, SM-107, LM-5) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the hardware from the first manned mission to land on the Moon
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
Remote sensing techniques for forest parameter assessment : multispectral classification and linear spectral mixture analysis
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
Presents a series of 250 significant events in the history of astronomy and space exploration, from the original formation of the galaxies, to the space mission to the planet Mars, to speculation about the end of the universe --
Thinning intensity and growth of mixed spruce-birch stands on drained peatlands in Finland
Climatic adaptation of seed maturity in Scots pine and Norway spruce populations
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
Space : visual encyclopedia
Moons of the solar system : an illustrated encyclopedia
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Intensification of hemicellulose hot-water extraction from spruce wood by parameter tuning
Microsite occupancy and spatial structure of regeneration in three late-successional Norway spruce forests in northern Europe
Does conversion of even-aged, secondary coniferous forests affect carbon sequestration? : a simulation study under changing environmental conditions
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
Stars over Europe
Planetary surface processes
Interaction of prechilling, temperature, osmotic stress, and light in Picea abies seed germination
Space encyclopedia
The once and future moon
This book examines how adolescence, menstruation and pregnancy were experienced or 'managed' by active women in Britain between 1930 and 1970, and how their athletic life-styles interacted with their working lives, marriage and motherhood. It explores the gendered barriers which have influenced women's sporting experiences. Women's lives have always been shaped by the socially and physically constructed life-cycle, and this is all the more apparent when we look at female exercise. Even self-proclaimed 'sporty' women have had to negotiate obstacles at various stages of their lives to try and maintain their athletic identity. So how did women overcome these obstacles to gain access to exercise in a time when the sportswoman was not an image society was wholly comfortable with? Oral history testimony and extensive archival research show how the physically and socially constructed female life-cycle shaped women's experiences of exercise and sport throughout these decades.
Effect of accumulated duration of the light period on bud burst in Norway spruce (Picea abies) of varying ages
Summary.
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
Multilevel modelling of height growth in young Norway spruce plantations in southern Finland
The planets
Spatial distribution of fine roots at ploughed Norway spruce forest sites
The book of the moon
The astronomy cafe : 365 questions and answers from "Ask the astronomer"
The growth rhythm and height growth of seedlings of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in greenhouse conditions
Happy happy Clover. 2
Overheating of global financial market could also have a destabilising impact on Finland
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
An analysis of North Korea's satellite
Studies on the cell wall structure and on the mechanical properties of Norway spruce
Thermal modification of Sitka spruce
Frost heaving of Picea abies seedlings as influenced by soil preparation, planting technique, and location along gap-shelterwood gradients
ART OF THE OCTOBER REVOLUTION
Allozyme variation in natural populations of Picea asperata
Growth and recruitment after mountain forest selective cutting in irregular spruce forest : a case study in northern Norway
An overheating of the international financial markets would spread to Finland, too, pushing up asset prices and possibly boosting the supply of loans. From a macroprudential perspective, strong growth in both these indicators would increase domestic vulnerabilities. The financial crisis has increased the understanding of cross-border stability risks, but the tools for mitigating these risks remain insufficient..
The October Revolution
Wood density within Norway spruce stems
Radar imaging of Europa's subsurface properties and processes : the view from Earth
Regeneration process from seed crop to saplings : a case study in uneven-aged Norway spruce-dominated stands in southern Finland
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
Iron Sky
Electrical impedance tomography for decay diagnostics of Norway spruce (Picea abies): possibilities and opportunities
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Infamous
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
The garnd tour : a traveller's guide to the solar system
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Tree-ring chronologies are commonly extended back in time by combining samples from living trees with relict material preserved in man-made structures or natural archives (e.g. lakes). Although spatially close, these natural archives and living-tree-sites often comprise different micro-climates. Inhomogeneous growth conditions among these habitats, which may yield offsets in growth-rates, require caution in data processing. Here we assess species-specific growth dynamics in two micro-habitats and their potential effects on long chronologies by combining tree-ring data from different living-tree-sites with an “artificial” subfossil dataset. Well replicated (n > 80) Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) chronologies from northern Fennoscandia, sampled directly at the lakeshore (wet) and several meters beyond the lakeshore (dry) reveal high coherence of the variance between micro-sites (rspruce = 0.59, rpine = 0.68). Significant differences of the Regional Curves (RC) indicate faster growth of both species at the drier site though. Growth differences are more pronounced between the spruce micro-sites. The combination of recent dry and wet spruce data with artificial relict data results in two long chronologies covering the last 800 years with substantially different trends, although they consist of the same relict material and the micro-site chronologies correlate significantly over the past two centuries. The combination of spruce samples from dry inland micro-sites with subfossil samples originating from the wet lake shore can result in an underestimation of past temperatures prior to the 19th century. Such effects, hidden in the composition of long chronologies (living trees + subfossil samples) can bias long-term trends in climate reconstructions..
Philip's stargazing with Mark Thompson : essential guide to astronomy
Exercise in the female life-cycle in Britain, 1930-1970
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Universe
Changes in wood production of Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris under a warmer climate: comparison of field measurements and results of a mathematical model
Significance of the root connection on the dormancy release and vegetative bud burst of Norway spruce (Picea abies) seedlings in relation to accumulated chilling
FTIR spectroscopic prediction of Klason and acid soluble lignin variation in Norway spruce cutting clones
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Energy wood thinning as a part of the stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Brother Moon (Taqqiq), Sister Sun (Siqiniq), and the Direction of the World (Sila) : from arctic cosmography to Inuit cosmology
Variation in the results of Norway spruce planting and Scots pine direct seeding in privately-owned forests in southern Finland
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
The Moon
The atlas of the universe
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
The use of foliage and soil information for managing the nutrition of Sitka and Norway spruce on cutaway peatlands
Adaptive evolution and demographic history of Norway spruce (Picea abies)
The UK Housing Market: Study of Why and to What Extent Was the UK Housing Market Over-Valued and Was There a Bubble Present in the Beginning of the 21st Century.
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
Tree mortality agents in pristine Norway spruce forests in northern Fennoscandia
Combined effects of elevated winter temperatures and CO2 on Norway spruce seedlings
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Cinder and Captain Thorne are fugitives on the run, now with Scarlet and Wolf in tow. Together, they're plotting to overthrow Queen Levana and prevent her army from invading Earth. Their best hope lies with Cress, a girl trapped on a satellite since childhood who's only ever had her netscreens as company.
The people in the trees
Spacebusters : the race to the moon
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
Effects of climate change and management on growth of Norway spruce in boreal conditions : an approach based on ecosystem model
A space traveller's guide to the Solar System
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
Effects of genetic entry and spacing on growth and wood properties in Norway spruce
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
Effects of short-day (SD) treatment on bud burst, growth and survival of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) container seedlings after summer planting were studied in an experiment established in Suonenjoki, Central Finland. One-year-old seedlings were SD-treated for three weeks starting on 18 June, 24 June and 8 July 2004 and then planted on 22 July, 5 August, 6 September 2004 and, as a normal spring planting, on 10 May, 2005. Untreated control seedlings were also planted on these dates. Second flush on the planting year and bud burst the following spring was monitored in planted seedlings, whereas seedling height and survival were determined at the end of growing seasons 2004-2006. We observed a non-significant risk of a second flush if seedlings were SD-treated on 18 June. Also, SD-treated seedlings planted in July or August showed advanced bud burst and increased height the following growing season without significant effects on survival, compared to autumn and spring planted seedlings. Planting in July or early August was associated with a significant increase in the incidence of multiple leaders in later years. Based on our results, to begin a three-week SD treatment in late June or early July and then plant seedlings in late July or early August could be a good practice..
Universe : a journey from earth to the edge of the cosmos
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Properties of rescued embryonal suspensor masses of Norway spruce determined by the genotype and the environment in vitro
Degree of previous cutting in explaining the differences in diameter distributions between mature managed and natural Norway spruce forests
The feasibility of remote laserinduced mass spectroscopy
The Helsinki diplomatic list.  1999, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Cambridge guide to the solar system
The paper aimed at testing the potential of refining tree rot diagnostics carried out by means of electrical impedance tomography (EIT). Examined was the use of EIT datasets with electrical resistance values and sapwood proportion determined on the basis of tomograms. Making use of datasets with resistance values in EIT rot diagnostics is not a default method, although datasets stay unaffected by a fixed colour scale and subsequent subjective evaluation unlike tomograms. Tomography measurement was carried out for 27 individuals of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) in two stands north-east of Brno, Czech Republic. Once felled down, radial cut-outs were sampled at the measurement site and used for localising rot and determining the extent of the area of decay. The results were subsequently compared with tomograms. EIT datasets containing values of electrical resistance found by measuring were statistically processed and compared with the extent of rot area identified within the cuts. Sapwood proportion values were also detected using the tomograms. The baseline assumption that sapwood proportion decreases as the rot area in the radial cut expands was confirmed. In trees with rot percentage to 35% approximately, sapwood proportion was exceeding 30% except one tree. In trees with rot percentage exceeding 35%, sapwood proportion was below 30%. On the basis of interpreted datasets, the trees can be split into three characteristic groups that correspond to the occurrence, extent and nature of the rot.
Planets and moons
Ready or not
Linear prediction application for modelling the relationships between a large number of stand characteristics of Norway spruce stands
On the hidden significance of differing micro-sites on tree-ring based climate reconstructions
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
Who built the moon?
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
The fame game
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
Estimating potassium nutrition of Norway spruce with needle analysis during different seasons
Reproductive phenology in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Minimum epidermal conductance of Norway spruce (Picea abies) needles: influence of age and shoot position in the crown
Nexus ops
Astronomy
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
Universe : a journey from Earth to the edge of the cosmos
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Post-planting effects of early-season short-day treatment and summer planting on Norway spruce seedlings
Dissociative recombination of organic molecular ions of relevance for interstellar clouds and Titan's upper atmosphere
Happy happy Clover. 1
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2002 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Accommodative monetary policy is necessary for price stability and economic recovery. However, abundant liquidity and the search for yield fuelled by low interest rates can also create risks for financial stability..
The moon
Inspection procedure for engine block after hot run
The effect of cutting the root connection by detaching the shoot from the root system on dormancy release and vegetative bud burst was examined in 2-year-old seedlings of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Seedlings were transferred at 1-4 week intervals between October and January from outdoor conditions to experimental forcing in a heated greenhouse. Before forcing, half of the seedlings were cut above ground line, and the detached shoots were forced with their cut ends placed in water. The intact seedlings were forced with their root system remaining intact in the pots. Vegetative bud burst was observed visually. Cutting the root connection slightly increased days to bud burst in the forcing conditions, however, no consistent effect on bud burst percentage was found. Our preliminary seedling data suggest that using detached tree material in dormancy release experiments may have a small effect on bud burst date but it will evidently not lead to drastically erroneous conclusions. Further studies, using different seed lots, are needed to assess the effect of detaching on the dormancy release and bud burst, especially in adult trees.
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
The stylist
Exploring space : voyages in the solar system and beyond
Prediction models for the annual seed crop of Norway spruce and Scots pine in Finland
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
Angel uncovered
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Threats concerning the usability of satellite communications in cyberwarfare environment
Stump wood is a possible alternative to fossil fuel. Its harvesting, however, disturbs the ground and this has not yet been quantified at stump level. Such disturbance is likely to be dependent on stump size, type of soil and timing of stump harvesting. Therefore, we measured ground disturbance and root breakage diameter at two Norway spruce sites with sandy glacial till soil. The sites were harvested with a fork type head, 6 and 18 months after clear cutting. Measurements were made within 2 weeks of harvest. No difference was found between the two sites. The mean area of disturbed ground was 6.06 (std 3.14) m2 per stump and increased exponentially with stump size. A regression function modelling the relationship was constructed. Unexpectedly, many fine roots where extracted in the harvest. The arithmetic and basal area weighted mean root breakage diameter was 4.6 (std 2.2) and 29.5 (std 17.9) mm, respectively. There seems to be a limited increase in root breakage diameter with increased stump size. The small root breakage diameter is associated with reduced fuel quality and greater nutrient removal. It appears that much of the ground disturbance is associated with the creation of ruts rather than stump harvest per se. Stump harvesting disturbs a larger percentage of the area of a harvested site than mounding. Postponing stump harvest by one year did not decrease the ground disturbance or increase the root breakage diameter. To achieve less disturbance and larger root breakage diameter, probably new stump harvesting technology is required.
Low interest rates provide a stimulus but can also create risks
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
The space book : from the beginning to the end of time, 250 milestones in the history of space & astronomy
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
Live-storage of Picea abies for two summers after storm felling in Sweden
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2000, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Atlas of the Galilean satellites
Adaptation of the timing of bud burst of Norway spruce to temperate and boreal climates
