http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9657 Ruby
Ruby
Ruby on Rails : up and running
Pokémon adventures. 14 : Ruby & Sapphire
Black diva of the thirties : the life of Ruby Elzy
The one and only Ivan
Web application development using open source and Ruby on Rails Framework
Ruby on Rails for dummies
Generating social media for the movie world: TweetMovies
Pulling strings with puppet : configuration management made easy
Snowboarding
The quality of silence
Is it true you have two mums? / Ruby Clay
Agile web development with Rails
Ruby on Rails bible
Regular expressions cookbook
The well-grounded Rubyist
Musical root. 2.
Foundation Rails 2
Making use of Ruby
Often, amateur sport teams try to find an inexpensive way on how they can effectively track and manage their team. FC Tigers football team is one of them. This team has about 30  players working in the same company. The managers of this team needed a practical system to help them keeping track of players available for playing a football game every Thursday evening. The objective of this thesis consists of two parts: the practical part and the theoretical part. The practical part focuses on building a Football Team Tracker (FTT) System which is a Web Application implemented using Ruby on Rails language and Agile Development Methodology. This application aims mainly to solve the problems with managing a football team. The theoretical part focuses on testing the Feature Driven Development (FDD) Agile methodology  against what it has been said about its benefits such as detecting bugs earlier, aims  for minimizing documentation, saves you time, iterative approach and so on. The FTT application provides the basic and the most important features. Due to the lack of time the nice-to-have features and usability are left for the other developers who would like to enhance this system in the future. However, open sourcing this web application and the way this application is designed provide high scalability. So, it can be re-used for any kind of sport which requires a team commitment. One can change the banner's text of this web application and he is ready to go. As a result for the theoretical part of this project, it has been found that the features of the FDD method tested reflect, nevertheless, what has been said about its benefits. It also fits well within a small Rails project with even two developers.
Refactoring in Ruby
MacRuby : the definitive guide
Learning Ruby
The Ruby way
A Study of Habits and Behaviours, Plus Techniques for Taming Them From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Here is how things stand at the beginning of newly-licensed driver Ruby Oliver's junior year at Tate Prep: Kim: Not speaking. But far away in Tokyo. Cricket: Not speaking. Nora: Speaking--sort of. Chatted a couple times this summer when they bumped into each other outside of school--once shopping in the U District, and once in the Elliot Bay Bookstore. But she hadn't called Ruby, or anything. Noel: Didn't care what anyone thinks. Meghan: Didn't have any other friends. Dr. Z: Speaking. And Jackson. The big one. Not speaking. But with a new job, an unlikely but satisfying friend combo, additional entries to The Boy Book and many difficult decisions help Ruby to see that there is, indeed, life outside the Tate Universe.
Realtime Web Analytics
Beginning Rails : from novice to professional
The Rails way
Seventeen-year-old Ruby is a Fireblood who must use her powers of heat and flame to help two Frostblood rebels overthrow a maniacal Frostblood king.
Ruby Rogers : get a life!
The Rails 4 way
MOCA focus : Sterling Ruby : Supermax 2008 : [Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, 19.6.-19.9.2008] / organized  by Philipp Kaiser
Programming World Wide Web
Realtime web analytics
Google Web Toolkit Applications
Ruby in practice
Ruby
Metprotracker : Ruby on Rails application for project timing and management
In this book, the author teaches Rails by guiding the reader through development of three example applications of increasing sophistication, focusing on the fundamental techniques in web development needed for many kinds of applications. The updates to this edition include simplified installation via a standard development environment in the cloud, use of the default Rails stack throughout, a light-weight testing approach, an all-new section on image upload, and an all-new chapter on account activation and password resets, including sending email with Rails. This guide also provides integrated tutorials for essential Ruby, HTML, CSS, and SQL skills needed when developing web applications.
Rails cookbookTM
Learning Rails 3
The mummy that went moo
Football Team Tracker System – A Web Application with Agile De-velopment Methodology
Report of the president's commission on the assassination of president John F. Kennedy
Look into my eyes
Catch your death
Programming languages : an active learning approach
Beginning Ruby on Rails
Storming Caesars Palace : how Black mothers fought their own war on poverty
Beginning Ruby : from novice to professional
Head first Rails : a learner's companion to Ruby on Rails
The Ruby programming language
Programming Ruby : the pragmatic programmers' guide
Ruby on RailsTM 3 tutorial : learn RailsTM by example
The facts of life and death
Real live boyfriends : yes, boyfriends, plural - if my life weren't complicated, I wouldn't be Ruby Oliver
Blink and you die
Test and behaviour driven software development
RailsSpace : building a social networking website with Ruby on Rails
Beginning Ruby on Rails e-commerce : from novice to professional
Programming Ruby : the pragmatic programmer's guide
Exploring everyday things with R and Ruby
The dreaded noodle-doodles
The boy book : a study of boy habits and behaviours from me, Ruby Oliver
NetBeans Ruby and Rails IDE with JRuby
Learn to program
Continuous testing with Ruby, Rails, and JavaScript
Ruby on rails for PHP and Java developers : with 202 figures and 32 tables
Football team tracker system : a web application with Agile development methodology
Agile web development with rails
Professional Ruby on Rails
Coding for dummies
Tracking what is happening on a website in realtime is invaluable. The objective of this thesis was to start and launch the first version of Snowfinch, an open source realtime web analytics application. The thesis report contains up-to-date fundamentals of web analytics; reasoning behind the most important and difficult technical decisions in the project; product development methodologies; and an overview of the resulting application. Understanding visitors is the key to a site's success. Research shows that the amount of insights provided by clickstream data is small in comparison to the amount of data gathered. Even though there is much more to web analytics than clickstream data, the fact is that it is the only data that can be collected and analyzed exclusively by software, thus the need to optimize its use. With the current use and importance of social media, being able to act quickly is a business differentiator. Visualizing data in realtime is crucial to a fast response. Choosing an appropriate data store plays an important role in the overall performance, responsiveness, and development time of the system. The development work was sponsored by Kisko Labs Oy. Snowfinch will be used both internally and in client projects. During the development period, it has tracked over half a million page views and approximately two hundred thousand visitors. Snowfinch may be used by anyone as it is, or it can act as a solid foundation on which to build customized functionality. Being free and deployable inside a private network offers a competitive advantage over commercial alternatives. The fundamental technologies used are the Ruby programming language, the Ruby on Rails web framework, and the MongoDB document-oriented database. The project was released under the MIT license, a permissive and free software license approved by the OSI (Open Source Initiative).
Seven languages in seven weeks : a pragmatic guide to learning programming languages
Loans application
Born to play : the Ruby Braff discography and directory of performances
The treasure map of boys : Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon - and me, Ruby Oliver
Flex on Rails : building rich Internet applications with Adobe Flex 3 and Rails 2
Ruby on rails tutorial : learn web development with rails
Ruby Cookbook : [recipes for object-oriented scripting]
The RSpec book ; behaviour-driven development with RSpec, Cucumber, and friends
Ruby in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Advanced Rails
Feel the fear
Is it true you have two mums?
Take your last breath
Pragmatic Ajax : a web 2.0 primer
Scripting intelligence : Web 3.0 information gathering and processing
Ruby in practise
Practical object-oriented design in Ruby : an agile primer
The curse of the jelly babies
Love from Paris
Presents a guide to using Flex3 with Rails 2 to create a variety of Web applications.
Ruby cookbook
