http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p966 funerals
funerals
Burial customs of the Skolt Lapps
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
This book investigates the lives of servile dependants, and their role in the large households of the elite Romans. In parallel to the public and political lives of the aristocracy under constant public gaze, there had been other lives led that were totally different but closely connected to them as if the other side of the coin - the usually unseen world of servile dependants. An uneasy proximity created by the cohabitation of the two opposite status groups (aristocratic masters and slaves) brought conflicts and contradiction. In attempting a new inquiry into such historically anonymous individuals and their res publica, the domus, this present work confines itself to analysis of a particular group of inscriptions from Rome (1st/2nd centuries AD), commonly referred to as the columbaria inscriptions. The 'columbarium', a dovecote-like burial structure, was designed to accommodate a number of epitaphs and urns of ashes and became particularly popular during the Julio-Claudian period. Such a communal burial structure appears to have been shared by people with a common background, in many cases the slaves and freedmen staff of a noble family. In other words, the set of epitaphs from a given columbarium is arguably representative of the familia urbana of a certain noble family. Once the group of individuals is thus given an identity, it opens the way to systematic examination of their lives and status from multiple angles. These inscriptions, relatively unexplored until recent decades, offer researchers unique insights into otherwise anonymous people.
My deepest sympathies ... : meaningful sentiments for condolence notes and conversations, plus a guide to eulogies
Death and the afterlife : a cultural encyclopedia
Ritual poetry and the politics of death in early Japan
Spirits of the Dead examines the importance attached to preserving the memory of the dead in the Roman world, and explores the ways in which funerary inscriptions can be used to reconstruct Roman lives, however fragmentarily and imperfectly. It is the only study to examine epigraphic, historical, and archaeological evidence in order to gain insight into the way Romans used funerary texts to establish a dialogue with their own society. Maureen Carroll brings together a large body of material from many geographical areas, shedding light on provincial and regional variation in funerary commemoration and even on the differences between funerary traditions of neighbouring towns.
Shamanism in Siberia : selected reprints
Recalling the death, revering the ancestors : multiple forms of ancestorship in Saribas Iban society
Music for special occasions : for weddings and services of celebration or reflection. Sacred
The man from Pomegranate Street
Poems for all occasions
Death and dying : views from many cultures
"To petiro rambu" (seekers after the smoke) : the influence of tourism on death rituals in Tana Toraja, Indonesia
The kahuna sorcerers of Hawaii, part and present : with a glossary of ancient religious terms and the books of the Hawaiian royal dead
Fol'klor Belorusov Sibiri i Dal'nego Vostoka. Čast' 1, Cemejno-obrâdovye pesni i pričitaniâ = Byelorussian folklore of Siberia and the Far East. The First Part, Family and ritual songs and laments
Marche funebre : music for solemn occasions
The optimist's daughter
What a way to go : fabulous funerals of the famous and infamous
Death rituals, social order, and the archaeology of immortality in the ancient world : "death shall have no dominion"
The interweaving of rituals : funerals in the cultural exchange between China and Europe
The school of night : a novel
Life passages : Marriage, healing, funeral
Celebrate : the art of the special occasion
For the living and the dead : the funerary laments of Upper Egypt, ancient and modern
A psychocultural study of loss and death among the Toraja
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
The struggle between life and death in proto-Bactrian culture : ritual and conflict
Memory and mourning : studies on Roman death
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : writing history from a female perspective
Rural cemeteries of southern Estonia 1225 - 1800 AD
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
In memory of... classics for funerals
Couched in death : klinai and identity in Anatolia and beyond
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
The boy in the black suit
The construction of the Abanyole perceptions on death through oral funeral poetry
Death, mourning, and the afterlife in Korea : from ancient to contemporary times
Summary in English.
Death, ritual, and bereavement
Interpreting death : Christian theology and pastoral practice
Carried to the wall : American memory and the Vietanm veterans memorial
Death, materiality and mediation : an ethnography of remembrance in Ireland
The Sa'dan-Toraja : a study of their social life and religion. 2, Rituals of the East and West
Mummies and magic : the funerary arts of ancient Egypt
Death, religion, and the family in England, 1480-1750
The American way of death
The folklore of Hertfordshire
Funeral dirges of Yoruba hunters
Ősi halotti maszkok : a honfoglaló magyarság keleti eredetű halottas szokása ; [időszaki kiállítás Magyar Nemzeti Múzeum 2013. június 22 - 2013. szeptember 15.] = Ancient burial masks : Hungarian burial tradition of Eastern origin ; [temporary exhibition Hungarian National Museum]
Multicultural celebrations : today's rules of etiquette for life's special occasions
No man is an island : voluntary associations and the concept of the person in Cameroon
Smoke gets in your eyes : and other lessons from the crematory
Funeral photography in Finland : a field report
Food and the rites of passage
When is the funeral? : attitudes towards the time between death and rite in native and some other cultures in Sweden today
In memoriam : music for solemn occasions
Life and afterlife in Ancient Egypt during the Middle Kingdom and second intermediate period
Death in the Greek world : from Homer to the classical age
Funerals and how to improve them
Spirits of the dead : Roman funerary commemoration in Western Europe
"Malanggan are among the most treasured possessions in the Pacific, yet they continue to confound anthropologists. Central to funerals in New Ireland, these 'death' figures are intended to decompose as symbolic representations of the dead. Wrapped in images that are conceived of as 'skins', they are both visually complex and intriguing. This book is the first to interpret these mysterious agents of resemblance and connection as having a cognitive rather than a linguistic basis." "This study begins by tracing the history of the collections and moves on to consider the role these artefacts play in sacrifice, ritual and exchange. What is the relationship between Malanggan and memory? How can Malanggan be understood as a life force as well as a vehicle for thought? In an analysis of the cognitive aspects of Malanggan, Kuchler offers a conceptualization of the centrality of the knot as a mode of being, thinking and binding in the Pacific." "Malanggan: Art, Memory and Sacrifice provides a new take on one of the Pacific's classic puzzles, as well as a wealth of new information and resources for anthropologists, collectors and curators alike."--BOOK JACKET.
Muslim death and burial : Arab customs and traditions studied in a village in Jordan
Muslim death and burial : arab customs and traditions studied in a village in Jordan
Early burials from the Agora cemeteries
Etnološki in antropološki vidiki preučevanja smrti : mednarodni simpozij 5.-8. november 1998 = Ethnological and anthropological approaches to the study of death : international symposium 5th - 8th November 1998
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Performing death : social analyses of funerary traditions in the ancient Near East and Mediterranean
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Death, Heaven and the Victorians
Death, liturgy and ritual. Volume 1, A pastoral and liturgical theology
British royal and state funerals : music and ceremonial since Elizabeth I
A neo-Assyrian royal funerary text
Tombs and burial customs are an exquisite source for social history, as their commemorative character inevitably expresses much of the contemporaneous ideology of a society. This book presents, for the first time, a holistic view of the funerary culture of Rome and its surroundings during the third century AD. While the third century is often largely ignored in social history, it was a transitional period, an era of major challenges - political, economic, and social - which inspired creativity and innovation, and paved the way for the new system of late antiquity.
The familia urbana during the early empire : a study of columbaria inscriptions
The Woman In black
"In Reading Death in Ancient Rome, Mario Erasmo considers both actual funerary rituals and their literary depictions in epic, elegy, epitaphs, drama, and prose works as a form of participatory theater in which the performers and the depicters of rituals engage in strategies to involve the viewer/reader in the ritual process, specifically by invoking and playing on their cultural associations at a number of levels simultaneously. He focuses on the associative reading process-the extent to which literary texts allude to funeral and burial ritual, the narrative role played by the allusion to recreate a fictive version of the ritual, and how the allusion engages readers' knowledge of the ritual or previous literary intertexts." "Such a strategy can advance a range of authorial agendas by inviting readers to read and reread assumptions about both the surrounding Roman culture and earlier literature invoked through intertextual referencing. By (re)defining their relation to the dead, readers assume various roles in an ongoing communion with the departed." "Reading Death in Ancient Rome makes an important and innovative contribution to semiotic theory as applied to classical texts and to the emerging field of mortality studies. It should thus appeal to classicists as well as to advanced undergraduate and graduate students in art history and archeology."--BOOK JACKET.
Crisis and ambition : tombs and burial customs in third-century CE Rome
Celebrations
Smoke gets in your eyes : and other lessons from the crematorium
Death : antiquity and its legacy
Twinned beings : kings and effigies in Southern Sudan, East India and Renaissance France
The tomb of Jesus and his family? : exploring ancient Jewish tombs near Jerusalem's walls
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
Memento mori : the dead among us
Music for Queen Mary
Leo Yates, Jr.'s Interpreting at Church: A Paradigm for Sign Language Interpreters is a well-written and one-of-a-kind resource that discusses essential information for sign language interpreters who will provide professional services in a church or other Christian environment. The book covers a wide range of materials including certification, ethical and legal issues, standards, compensation, and skill development. It also contains a religious sign dictionary and helpful suggestions from veteran interpreters.
This is where I leave you
Buried soul : how humans invented death
The rites of passage
This book explores the themes of memory and mourning from the Roman deathbed to the Roman cemetery, drawing subject matter from the literature, art, and archaeology of ancient Rome. It brings together scholarship on varied aspects of Roman death, investigating connections between ancient poetry, history and oratory and placing these alongside archaeological and textual evidence for Roman funerary and commemorative rituals. A series of case studies centred on individual authors and/or specific aspects of ritual behaviour, traces the story of Roman death: how the inhabitants of the Roman world confronted their mortality, disposed of the dead, remembered the dead and praised the dead, thereby enhancing our understanding of Roman society.
Neolithic human burial practices : the interpretation of funerary behaviors at Bronocice, Poland
Muslims ritualising death in the Netherlands : death rites in a small town context
A death in the Sánchez family
Bereavement and commemoration : an archaeology of mortality
Ritual pečal'nogo korteža : ritual pohoron Rossijskih imperatorov = Funeral ceremonies for Russian emperors
Death in England : an illustrated history
Interpreting at church : a paradigm for sign language interpreters
Marche funèbre : music for solemn occasions
From mystery to spectacle : essays on death in Serbia from the 19th-21st century
Ghosts and the Japanese : cultural experience in Japanese death legends
Design for death
Death and the afterlife in Japanese Buddhism
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
Ancient death ways : proceedings of the workshop on archaeology and mortuary practices, Uppsala, 16-17 May 2013
The cost of death : the social and economic value of ancient Egyptian funerary art in the Ramesside period
Celebrations of death : the anthropology of mortuary ritual
Two evenings in Saramaka
Burial in Medieval Ireland, 900 - 1500 : a review of the written sources
Tibetan customs
The harem conspiracy : the murder of Ramesses III
Bonds of the dead : temples, burial, and the transformation of contemporary Japanese Buddhism
Just so happens
Death and ritual : funerary rites in India and the Philippines
Marking life and death : co-constructing welcoming and funeral rituals for babies dying in utero or shortly after birth
Books of breathing and related texts
Visual cultures of death in Central Europe : contemplation and commemoration in early modern Poland-Lithuania
The place of the dead : death and remembrance in late medieval and early modern Europe
August : Osage County
Tournaments of value : sociability and hierarchy in a Yemeni town
Virtual afterlives : grieving the dead in the twenty-first century
Living with the dead : ancestor worship and mortuary ritual in ancient Egypt
Reading death in ancient Rome
Death our future : Christian theology and pastoral practice in funeral ministry
The death ritual at Cluny in the central Middle Ages
Pardon my hearse : a colorful portrait of where the funeral and entertainment industries met in Hollywood
Malanggan : art, memory and sacrifice
Japanese tree burial : ecology, kinship and the culture of death
The price of death : the funeral industry in contemporary Japan
A kind of worship of the dead in Finland
International handbook of funeral customs
Bleachers
Death, liturgy and ritual. Vol. 2, A commentary on liturgical texts
Mortal remains : death in early America
A reappraisal of the published evidence on Egyptian predynastic and early dynastic cemeteries
The organist's funeral album
Calling me home
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 4, Sacraments and sacramentals
Death in the Eastern Mediterranean (50-600 A.D.) : the Christianization of the East: an interpretation
The woman in black
This volume presents a complete reconstruction of the ritual response to terminal illness and death at the monastic community of Cluny at the height of its development in the later eleventh and early twelfth centuries. Based on the best manuscript of the customary of Bernard, the only account of the abbey's customs written at and for Cluny itself, the reconstruction contains not just Bernard's Latin description of the ritual process, but also the full texts of the prayers and chants that accompanied it, gathered, in the absence of suviving ritual books from Cluny itself, from contemporary sources with clear ties to the Cluniac customs. Facing-page English and French translations make the results available to readers with little or no facility in Latin. The author places the Cluniac death ritual in the context of religious responses to death, dying and the care of the dead in medieval Latin Christianity as a whole. He also explicates the origins, development and meaning of the Cluniac death ritual's myriad elements as they were spoken, sung and performed within the sacred spaces of the monastic complex - cloister, chapter house, infirmary, church and cemetery.
Studies in Japanese folklore
Relics of burial laments in Latvia
The king's body : burial and succession in late Anglo-Saxon England
Facing death and celebrating life : ideology, transcendence and value in Banda Eli mortuary rituals
Death and changing rituals : function and meaning in ancient funerary practices
Fear, death and resistance : an ethnography of war : Croatia 1991-1992
Death in the Middle Ages : mortality, judgment and remembrance
