http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9664 kings
kings
Midnight falcon
The sagas of the Viking kings : Heimskringla
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
King Rollo and the new stockings
Sons of the blood
Brightly woven
Taste of darkness
King of thorns
Tuesdays at the castle
The king's shopping
The first full scholarly exploration of the relationship between the idea of peace and rulership through Europe's formative centuries, Peaceful Kings asks what peace meant to early medieval people, and to what extent royal intentions endeavoured to meet collective expectations.
Henry VIII's last love : the extraordinary life of Katherine Willoughby, lady-in-waiting to the Tudors
Twice upon a Marigold
The politics of partition : King Abdullah, the Zionists and the Palestine 1921-1951
Scent of magic
The Boleyn king : a novel
Alexander the Great : journey to the end of the earth
King Lear
A game of thrones
Emperor of thorns
Lagore Crannog : an Irish royal residence of the 7th to 10th centuries A.D
The heir apparent : a life of Edward VII, the playboy prince
Sikkim : requiem for a Himalayan kingdom
The secret chord
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Northern crowns : the kings of modern Scandinavia
The Saga of Olaf Tryggvason
Every inch a king : comparative studies on kings and kingship in the ancient and medieval worlds
You can't eat a princess!
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Once
The king of tiny things
When Christ and his saints slept
The Asif Jahs of Hyderabad : their rise and decline
Kingdoms of Europe : an illustrated encyclopedia of ruling monarchs from ancient times to the present
Before the throne : dialogs with Egypt's great from Menes to Anwar Sadat
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
The correspondence of the kings of Ur : an epistolary history of an ancient Mesopotamian kingdom
Twelve dancing princesses
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom will hold a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the European Union. Opinion polls suggest the outcome of the vote is uncertain. Given that no country has yet left the EU, there are no experiences of the consequences of exit to draw on. The economic implications will largely depend on the arrangements for economic relations between the EU and the UK. However, the risk of the UK leaving the EU has already pushed down the exchange rate of the pound. The status of the City of London as an international financial centre would probably weaken, and some financial actors might relocate to the euro area..
The White Ship
The last concubine
Caliphs and kings : Spain, 796-1031
The Boleyn deceit : a novel
William the Conqueror : the Bastard of Normandy
Too Rich : the High Life and Tragic Death of King Farouk
The Royal wedding for dummies
King of the world : Ashur-nasir-pal II of Assyria 883-859 B.C
The mirror king
Princess of the Silver Woods
Imprudent king : a new life of Philip II
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
The taming of the queen
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
The King's speech : How one man saved the british monarchy
Trinity
This is a study of Ireland's people, landscape and place in the world from late antiquity to the reign of Brian Bórama. It narrates the story of Ireland's emergence into history, using anthropological, archaeological, historical and literary evidence.
Death of kings
Sir Scallywag and the battle for stinky bottom
Night of the hunter
What would Brexit mean for the financial markets?
The tudors : kings, queens, scribes and ferrets
Chronicles of Chaldaean kings (626-556 B.C.) in the British Museum
The lily and the lion
The rose and the dagger
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
Heimskringla : history of the kings of Norway
The hidden princess
The orphan queen
The Boleyn King : a novel
El Grande : Decennial edition
The king's name
The Boleyn reckoning
Zebedee Zing, taster to the king
Henry 1/8
Fields of glory
The winter king : a novel of Arthur
King Jack and the dragon
Devil's brood
Thirteenth century England. 4, Proceedings of the Newcastle Upon Tyne conference 1991
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
The warrior's princess
Queen Victoria
Graceling
Beowulf and Grendel
Macbeth : the graphic novel
Gesta regum Anglorum : The history of the English kings. Vol. 1
King Flashypants and the creature from Crong
Abstract in english.
A passing power : an examination of the sources for the history of Aram-Damascus in the second half of the ninth century B.C
The assassin's blade
First of the Tudors
The Romans : an introduction
At the end of June, 17.4 million people voted for the United Kingdom to leave the EU. Share prices plummeted, the value of the pound crashed and the country was plunged into high political turmoil. The faster-than-expected appointment of a new prime minister helped to dampen political uncertainty, and market reaction quickly subsided. The effects on the real economy will be evident only later. Three months after the referendum, the UK has still not notified the European Council of its intention to leave and is still an official EU member state..
The prisoner of Zenda
Ireland in the medieval world, AD400-1000 : landscape, kingship and religion
Arthurian romance : a short introduction
Three kings in Baghdad : the tragedy of Iraq's monarchy
Blood song
Peaceful kings : peace, power and the early medieval political imagination
The daily life of the king of Denmark
Studies on the iconography of cosmic kingship in the ancient world
Media, monarchy and power
Kingship in Indian history
King Donkey Ears
Throne of a thousand years : chronicles as told by Erik, son of Riste, commemorating Sweden's monarchy for 995-96 to 1995-1996
Royal finances
Princess Yona lives an ideal life as the only princess of her kingdom. Doted on by her father, the king, and protected by her faithful guard Hak, she cherishes the time spent with the man she loves, Su-won. But everything changes on her 16th birthday when tragedy strikes her family! Yona reels from the shock of witnessing a loved one's murder and having to fight for her life. With Hak's help, she flees the palace and struggles to survive while evading her enemy's forces. But where will this displaced princess go when all the paths before her are uncertain?
Kings & queens of empire : British monarchs 1760-2000
A knight of the seven kingdoms
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Fairytale hairdresser and the Sugar plum fairy
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Yona of the dawn. 3
Henry VIII : king and court
Vergina : the royal tombs and the ancient city
Highland scandal
Sword in the storm
The royal bake off
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
Stains on shining armour : perceptions of chivalry and knighthood during the reign of Edward III, 1327-1377
Kings and queens of Great Britain : a genealogical chart showing their descent, relationships & coats of arms
A dance with dragons
Yona of the dawn. 1
The book of scandal
Princess Yona lives an ideal life as the only princess of her kingdom. Doted on by her father, the king, and protected by her faithful guard Hak, she cherishes the time spent with the man she loves, Su-won. But everything changes on her 16th birthday when tragedy strikes her family!
Top top secret
All for Stilton, Stilton for all!
Royal succession in Capetian France : studies on familial order and the state
All the king's tights
Alexander the Great : lessons in strategy
The Usborne book of kings & queens
The moon and the sun
Kings without privilege : David and Moses in the story of the Bible's kings
Isin year names
Ritual regicide versus strife : on divine kingship as an order-creating element in the political life of two Owambo kingdoms : a re-evaluation of the political significance of sacred kingship
Warriors of the storm
The God Enki in Sumerian royal ideology and mythology
The white queen
How kings are made - how kingship changes : a study of rituals and ritual change in pre-colonial and colonial Owamboland, Namibia
The Plantagenets 1154-1485
Enemy of God : a novel of Arthur
Hussein : a biography
Heir to Sevenwaters
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Dirty Bertie : An English King Made in France
The wrath and the dawn
Yona of the dawn. 2
All Goodly Sports : The Complete Music of Henry VIII
The unwilling warlord
Three months after the Brexit vote : the current state of play
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
Time and chance
The red hand : a Guy Gisburne novel
Gesta regum Anglorum : The history of the English kings. Vol. 2, General introduction and commentary
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Death of an ancient king
The madness of kings : personal trauma and the fate of nations
Immigrant entrepreneurs : venturing abroad in the age of globalization
For the love of the Royal Family : a companion
The royal succession
Half a king
Katherine Howard : the tragic story of Henry VIII's fifth queen
Tudor : the family story
Hamlet : prince of Denmark
Henry VIII : the life and rule of England's Nero
Slimy Stuarts
Queen Elizabeth II and the royal family
The fall of the dagger
Rosenborg castle : A guide to the chronological collection of the danish kings
The king's peace
The price of blood
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
