http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9667 queens
queens
Trip to the seaside
Undead and done
Christina : queen of Sweden
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Long live the queen
Magic school
The women of the Cousins' war : the duchess, the queen and the king's mother
The Queen of the Tearling
Bring up the bodies
Katherine Howard : the tragic story of Henry VIII's fifth queen
The queen makes a scene
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Goddesses who rule
The finale to the New York Times bestselling Tearling trilogy, in which Kelsea is imprisoned by the Red Queen and her guard must find a way to set her free.
Queen of shadows
Victoria - the Queen : an intimate biography of the woman who ruled an empire
The Queen's handbag
Queen Christina's coronation coach 1650
Thorn queen
Shooting Victoria : madness, mayhem, and the rebirth of the British monarchy
Horrid Henry's kings and queens : a horrid factbook
The mirror king
Sikkim : requiem for a Himalayan kingdom
Silvia : bilder ur en drottnings liv = Bilder einer Königin = Pictures of a queen
The temptation of Elizabeth Tudor
Reign. the complete third season
Shadow on the crown
The virgin queen : Elizabeth I, genius of the Golden Age
The devil's queen
Three sisters, three queens
Old Tom's guide to being good
Undead and unwed
The crocodile under the bed
The white queen
The lady in the Tower : the fall of Anne Boleyn
Peppa meets the queen
Night of triumph
Mass effect : Invasion
Queen Elizabeth  : the queen mother : the official biography
The royal rabbits of London
Time and chance
Sovereign ladies : the six reigning queens of England
Undead and unforgiven / MaryJanice Davidson
Hive : a game buzzing with possibilities
There's no such thing as a ghostie!
A Victorian childhood
Mary of Guise
The Tudor vendetta
Queen Victoria
Brave : a mother's love
Queen Margot. 2 : The bloody wedding
The untold life of Queen Elizabetht the queen mother
Brave : the essential guide
Undead and unappreciated
The Queen Mum : her first 100 years
Queen Victoria : a life of contradictions
Frozen : a tale of two sisters
The cry of the icemark
Trinity
Iron crowned
Vampire Queen Betsy Taylor continues her rule in Hell in the scorchingly funny finale to the Undead series from New York Times bestselling author MaryJanice Davidson. It had been a well-kept secret for centuries, but now the existence of vampires is all over the news, thanks to Betsy Taylor's half sister (and frustrated former Antichrist), Laura. Life for the undead will never be the same, and it's up to Betsy to do some damage control. But her interview on the local news doesn't exactly put out the fire. It more or less pours kerosene on it. With all the added attention on supernatural beings, the werewolves are more than a little agitated (never a good thing) and demand that Betsy gets her interview skills, and her family, in order. And while things go from bad to worse in the world, Hell continues to be hell--especially when Betsy's new parole program gets about as complicated as you'd expect. With a PR team launching a vampire-friendly campaign, the Devil at large and out to make trouble, and mermaids on hand to see who falls--and how hard--the end isn't just near. It's here. And if anyone knows how to go out with a bang, it's the Queen of Hell.
The constant queen
The six wives of Henry VIII
"Queen Levana is a ruler who uses her "glamour" to gain power. But long before she crossed paths with Cinder, Scarlet, and Cress, Levana lived a very different story - a story that has never been told . . . until now"
The invasion of the tearling
The amazing queen : winning with your queens
Cleopatra's shadows
Queen Victoria's sketchbook
The Boleyn King : a novel
Kings & queens of empire : British monarchs 1760-2000
Fairytale hairdresser and the Sugar plum fairy
Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
Marie Antoinette : the last queen of France
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
Undead and unwary
The nightspinners
Mummies in the morning
Puppy fun
Emily Brown and the Thing
Tudor : the family story
The Usborne book of kings & queens
Deception
Undead and unemployed
Blade of fire
The queen's man
The fate of the Tearling : a novel
The queen
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
First queen Elizabeth
Me, the Queen and Christopher
Reign. the complete second season
God save the queen
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Lord of ashes
Birth of the Witch King
The Boleyn reckoning
Christina, queen of Sweden : the restless life of a European eccentric
The Queen's speech : an intimate portrait of the Queen in her own words
The tudors : kings, queens, scribes and ferrets
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
The snow queen
The king's shopping
Empire of storms
Theseus and the Minotaur
Chronicle of the queens of Egypt : from early dynastic times to the death of Cleopatra
Mel Foster and the demon butler
The Queen : a biography of Elizabeth II
Queen Munch and Queen Nibble
The constant princess
"Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. Embracing her identity as Aelin Galathynius, Queen of Terrasen, Celaena returns to the empire--for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past"--
Debrett's guide to heraldry and regalia
The queen is dead
Elizabeth I : the word of a prince : a life from contemporary documents
The rival queens : Catherine de' Medici, her daughter Marguerite de Valois, and the betrayal that ignited a kingdom
The bees
Last battle of the icemark
"On her nineteenth birthday, Princess Kelsea Raleigh Glynn, raised in exile, sets out on a perilous journey back to the castle of her birth to ascend her rightful throne. Plain and serious, a girl who loves books and learning, Kelsea bears little resemblance to her mother, the vain and frivolous Queen Elyssa. But though she may be inexperienced and sheltered, Kelsea is not defenseless: Around her neck hangs the Tearling sapphire, a jewel of immense magical power; and accompanying her is the Queen's Guard, a cadre of brave knights led by the enigmatic and dedicated Lazarus. Kelsea will need them all to survive a cabal of enemies who will use every weapon--from crimson-caped assassins to the darkest blood magic--to prevent her from wearing the crown."-- Coming out of exile to ascend her rightful throne, Princess Kelsea Raleigh Glynn, with a cadre of soldiers and the magical Tearling sapphire to protect her, makes a daring decision that evokes the wrath of the evil Red Queen.
The Boleyn deceit : a novel
The crown of embers
When Christ and his saints slept
Undead and undermined
Hive. Carbon : a game buzzing with possibilities
Kings and queens of Great Britain : a genealogical chart showing their descent, relationships & coats of arms
The queen's vow : a novel of Isabella of Castile
Queen Elizabeth II : her life in our times
A want of kindness
The price of blood
The marriage game
Bumblebees in a changing climate : evaluating the effects of temperature on queen performance
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
The autumn throne
The summer queen
Hero. Foreigner. Queen. Elisa, at the age of seventeen, is all three. And all three draw enemies. Faced with assassins, court politics, and the threat of civil war, Elisa despairs of being the ruler her people need. Her only hope is the Godstone. She must master its power once and for all. She finds clues hidden in a long forgotten--and forbidden--scripture. Accompanied by a one-eyed warrior, an enemy defector, and the man she is falling in love with, Elisa takes a leap of faith and crosses an ocean in search of the ultimate source of the Godstone's power. But her faith has always had a price, and doing the right thing might mean giving up the power she desperately needs. And it might mean giving up the man she desperately loves.
The winter crown
Mary I
Signs of Cleopatra : history, politics, representation
Elizabeth I : Renaissance prince : a biography
The Bees : a novel
Twice upon a Marigold
Elizabeth : the Queen Mother : a twentieth century life
Shattered crown
"England, late 1547. Henry VIII is dead. His 14-year-old daughter Elizabeth is living with the old king's widow Catherine Parr and her new husband Thomas Seymour. Ambitious, charming and dangerous, Seymour begins an overt flirtation with Elizabeth that ends in her being sent away by Catherine. When Catherine dies in autumn 1548 and Seymour is arrested for treason soon after, the scandal explodes into the open. Alone and in dreadful danger, Elizabeth is closely questioned by the king's regency council: Was she still a virgin? Was there a child? Had she promised to marry Seymour? In her replies, she shows the shrewdness and spirit she would later be famous for. She survives the scandal. Thomas Seymour is not so lucky. The Seymour Scandal led to the creation of the Virgin Queen. On hearing of Seymour's beheading, Elizabeth observed 'This day died a man of much wit, and very little judgement'. His fate remained with her. She would never allow her heart to rule her head again."--Publisher description.
Tuesdays at the castle
Mary Queen of Scots
The traitor's kiss
Birth of the chess queen : a history
Lupo and the curse at Buckingham Palace
The other queen
The people's jubilee
The Boleyn king : a novel
That rabbit belongs to Emily Brown
The taming of the queen
