http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9665 empresses
empresses
Napoleon Bonaparte and his wife, Josephine, came to power during one of the most turbulent periods in the history of France. Williams draws back the curtain Josephine: her humble origins, her exorbitant appetites, and the tragic turn of events that led to her undoing. Theirs was an often-tumultuous union, roiled by their pursuit of other lovers but intensely focused on power and success. Together they conquered Europe... but she could not produce an heir.
The complete wartime correspondence of Tsar Nicholas II and the Empress Alexandra : April 1914-March 1917
The Empress Frederick, daughter of Queen Victoria
Great Catherine
Theodora : actress, empress, whore
Between God and tsar : religious symbolism and the royal women of Muscovite Russia
Catherine the Great
The tsars : Russian autocrats 1533-1917
Northern Byzantine icons
Cultic revelations : cult personalities and phenomena
Catherine the great : portrait of a woman
Vol. 4: Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
"In Rome's Christian Empress, Joyce E. Salisbury brings the captivating story of Rome's Christian empress to life. The daughter of Roman emperor Theodosius I, Galla Placidia lived at the center of imperial Roman power during the first half of the fifth century. Taken hostage after the fall of Rome to the Goths, she was married to the king and, upon his death, to a Roman general. The rare woman who traveled throughout Italy, Gaul, and Spain, she eventually returned to Rome, where her young son was crowned as the emperor of the western Roman provinces. Placidia served as his regent, ruling the Roman Empire and the provinces for twenty years. Salisbury restores this influential, too-often forgotten woman to the center stage of this crucial period. Describing Galla Placidia's life from childhood to death while detailing the political and military developments that influenced her--and that she influenced in turn--the book relies on religious and political sources to weave together a narrative that combines social, cultural, political, and theological history. The Roman world changed dramatically during Placidia's rule: the Empire became Christian, barbarian tribes settled throughout the West, and Rome began its unmistakable decline. But during her long reign, Placidia wielded formidable power. She fended off violent invaders and usurpers who challenged her Theodosian dynasty; presided over the dawn of the Catholic Church as theological controversies split the faithful and church practices and holidays were established; and spent fortunes building churches and mosaics that incorporated prominent images of herself and her family. Compulsively readable, Rome's Christian Empress is the first full-length work to give this fascinating and complex ruler her due"--
Alexandra : the last tsarina
Catherine the Great & Potemkin : the imperial love affair
Priestess of Avalon
Order or anarchy? : the violent death of Empress Elisabeth of Austria
Elizabeth, empress of Russia
The empress Theodora : partner of Justinian
Theodora : actress, empress, saint
Catherine the Great : life and legend
The astonishing career of Galla Placidia (c. 390-450) provides valuable reflections on the state of the Roman empire in the fifth century CE. In an age when emperors, like Galla's two brothers, Arcadius (395-408) and Honorius (395-423), and nephew, Theodosius II (408-450), hardly ever ventured beyond the fortified enclosure of their palaces, Galla spent years wandering across Italy, Gaul and Spain first as hostage in the camp of Alaric the Goth, and then as wife of Alaric's successor. In exile at the court of her nephew in Constantinople Galla observed how princesses wield power while vaunting piety. Restored to Italy on the swords of the eastern Roman army, Galla watched the coronation of her son, age six, as the emperor of the western Roman provinces. For a dozen years (425-437) she acted as regent, treading uneasily between rival senatorial factions, ambitious church prelates, and charismatic military leaders. This new biography of Galla is organized according to her changing roles as bride, widow, bereaved mother, queen and empress. It examines her relations with men in power, her achievements as a politician, her skills at establishing power bases and political alliances, and her efficiency at accomplishing her desired goals. Using all the available sources, documents, epigraphy, coinage and the visual arts, and Galla's own letters, Hagith Sivan reconstructs the turning points and highlights of Galla's odd progression from a bloodthirsty princess at Rome to a bride of a barbarian in Gaul, from a manipulative sister and wife of emperors at the imperial court at Ravenna to a beggar at the court of her relatives in Constantinople, and from a devious regent of the western Roman empire to a collaborator of popes in Rome.
The second empress
The rule of Empress Anna
Nagako, Empress of Japan
Jewels from Imperial St. Peterburg
Two of the most famous mosaics from the Byzantine period, from the church of San Vitale in Ravenna, depict the sixth-century Emperor Justinian and, on the wall facing him, his wife, Theodora (497-548). This magestic portrait gives no inkling to Theodora's very humble beginnings or her improbable rise to fame and power. Raised in a family of circus performers near Constantinople's Hippodrome, she became one of the most influential women in Byzantine history. It was on stage as an actress- or, as some said, "stage whore" - that Theodora caught the attention of the future emperor Justinian. To the shock of the ruling elite, the two were married, and when Justinian assumed power in 527, they ruled the Eastern Roman Empire together.
Catherine II, a strong woman on the Russian throne
Sissi : The Tragic Empress : the story of Elisabeth of Austria
Little mother of Russia : a biography of the empress Marie Feodorovna (1847-1928)
Josephine : the rose of Martinique
Elizabeth : grand duchess of Russia
Sissi - the tragic empress : the story of Elisabeth of Austria
Imperial women in Byzantium 1025-1204 : power, patronage and ideology
Femina princeps : Livia's position in the Roman state
A lifelong passion : Nicholas and Alexandra : their own story
Faustina I and II : imperial women of the golden age
Prince of princes : the life of Potemkin
The Empress Alexandra, 1872-1918
Chronicle of the Russian tsars : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of imperial Russia
Pis'ma imperatricy Aleksandry Fedorovny k" imperatoru Nikolaû II
The life & tragedy of Alexandra Feodorovna, empress of Russia : a biography
Empress of Rome : the life of Livia
The Chinese palace at Oranienbaum : Catherine the Great's private passion
Nicholas and Alexandra
The purple shroud
Empress Athenais-Eudocia : a fifth century Byzantine humanist
Agrippina : sex, power and politics in the early empire
Women in purple : rulers of medieval Byzantium
Treasures of Catherine the Great
The emperors and empresses of Russia : rediscovering the Romanovs
Sissi : Kaiserin Elisabeth von Österreich = Elisabeth, Empress of Austria = L'Impératrice Elisabeth d'Autriche
A woman loved
The jewels of the Romanovs : family & court
Princess Mathilde
An embroidered royal gift as a political symbol and embodiment of design ideas in 1885
Galla Placidia : the last Roman empress
MARIA THERESIA
Love & conquest : personal correspondence of Catherine the Great and Prince Grigory Potemkin
Napoleon & Josephine : an improbable marriage
Barbara Levick's Faustina I and II highlights the importance of these women to the internal politics of the Empire during this period and shows how they are links in a chain of elite Roman women for whom varying levels of recognition and even power were available. The Faustinae, as they are jointly called, come between the discreet Matidiae, the discreetly manipulative Plotina (Trajan's women), the philosophical Sabina (Hadrian's wife) and in the Severan dynasty Julia Domna, who has had a very high profile. In assessing their place in this chain, Levick will examine especially Faustina II's deep involvement in palace politics, her enhancement of her mother's position, and her possible role in the revolt of Avidius Cassius (175). This book will also bring together and display the material evidence for their lives and legacies. There is an abundance of inscriptions and coins that provide firm evidence for their public status in Rome, Italy, and various parts of the Empire. Portraiture is also examined, in particular to see how much Faustina I and II were identified by artists, and how close a precedent Faustina II was for Domna, as their titulature suggests she was. Overall, this learned study carefully balances the evidence to explain how these women were at once continuators of a dynasty and emblems of the ideals of Roman marriage, and yet also the target of rumors of infidelity and treason, with reputations that are often in stark contrast to those of their husbands.
Catherine; the portrait of an empress
Imperial Chinese robes from the forbidden city
Russia in the age of Catherine the Great
The last empress
Justinian and Theodora
Rome's Christian empress : Galla Placidia rules at the twilight of the empire
Tales from ancient China's imperial harem
Strategic marketing : planning and control
Catherine the Great : autocrat and empress of all Russia
The emergence of Japanese kingship
The Athenian Empress Eudocia
The Byzantine lady : ten portraits, 1250-1500
Theodosian empresses : women and imperial dominion in late antiquity
Ambition and desire : the dangerous life of Josephine Bonaparte
The politics of Catherinian Russia : the Panin party
Wandering spirits : Chen Shiyuan's encyclopedia of dreams
Elisabeth of Austria : a life misunderstood
Empresses, art, and agency in Song dynasty China
The winter palace
Representing Agrippina : constructions of female power in the early Roman Empire
Ekaterina II i ee vremâ: sovremennyj vzglâd = Catherine II and her time: a modern outlook
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Catherine the Great and the Russian nobility : A study based on the materials of the Legislative commission of 1767
Theodora : empress of Byzantium
Catherine the Great and the British : a pot-pourri of essays
Sisi : myth and truth
The fall of the Romanovs : political dreams and personal struggles in a time of revolution
The rose of Martinique : a life of Napoleon's Josephine
Byzantine empresses : women and power in Byzantium, AD 527-1204
Little mother of Russia : a biography of Empress Marie Fedorovna, 1847-1928
The Romanovs
Empress Dowager Cixi : the concubine who launched modern China
Enlightened despotism in Russia : the reign of Elisabeth, 1741-1762
Lady of the English
Russian imperial style
Nicholas and Alexandra : the last imperial family of tsarist Russia : from the State Hermitage Museum and the State Archive of the Russian Federation
In the Russian style
Livia : first lady of Imperial Rome
Catherine the great
