http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9668 emperors
emperors
The chrysantemum throne : a history of the emperors of Japan
False god of Rome
The Roman emperors
Documents illustrating the principates of Gaius Claudius and Nero
Hail to the emperor!
Nicholas II : the last of the tsars
Rome’s executioner
The third section
Princess Mathilde
The plots to rescue the tsar
My life as emperor
Nero : emperor of Rome
Red fortress : the secret heart of Russia's history
Pamâthye žetony imperatorskoj Rossii (1721-1917 gg.) : katalog = Commemorative badges of the imperial Russia (1721-1917)
The cult of Silvanus in the Roman world
Tsar's return sparks a row
Nero : reality and legend
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Rome : the art of war
A fence around the empire : Russian censorship of Western ideas under the tsars
A brief history of the dynasties of China
Terrible exile : the last days of Napoleon on St Helena
The chrysanthemum throne : a history of the emperors of Japan
The tsars : Russian autocrats 1533-1917
The gates of Rome
The last act of a tragedy : (New documents about the execution of the last Russian emperor Nicholas II)
The age of Hirohito : in search of modern Japan
From emperor to citizen : the autobiography of Aisin-Gioro Pu Yi
Novyj Amsterdam : Sankt-Peterburg i arhitekturnye obrazy Niderlandov = New Amsterdam : St. Petersburg and Architectural images of the Netherlands
Chronicle of the Roman emperors : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of Imperial Rome
A history of Russia. 5: 2, The tsardom of Moscow 1547-1682
Emperors of the Rising Sun : three biographies
Maintaining loyalty, declaring continuity, legitimizing power : ludi saeculares of Septimius Severus as a manifestation of the golden age
Russia of the Tsars : 1796-1917
Romanov autumn : stories from the last century of imperial Russia
Chronicle of the Chinese emperors : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of imperial China
Chronicle of the chinese emperors : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of Imperial China
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
Vespasian : Tribune of Rome
The twelve caesars
Civilization and the Caesars : the intellectual revolution in the Roman Empire
The emperor's blades
Hirohito : behind the myth
The life of Napoleon Buonaparte
Nicholas and Alexandra
The Romanovs : the final chapter
The emperor Constantine
Peter the Great
Nero : the end of a dynasty
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
Nicholas I and official nationality in Russia, 1825-1855
The last mortal bond
Hirohito, emperor of Japan
Day of the oprichnik : a novel
Hadrian's empire
This fresh and engaging book looks at each of the Roman emperors from Julius Caesar in 44BC to Romulus Augustulus in AD 476, illuminating not only the manner of their deaths but what their final days tell us about their lives. We also hear how the most powerful position in the history of the Western world held a permanent appeal, despite its perils, with eager candidates constantly coming forward to seize the throne. Very few of the Roman emperors died a natural death. The insane Caligula was murdered after leaving the theatre; Caracalla while he was relieving himself. Caesar was stabbed twenty three times and Otho was dragged into the Tiber with a flesh-hook. However great an emperor's power, danger was ever present. Emperors Don't Die in Bed provides a clear history of the imperial succession as well as a compelling depiction of the intrigue and drama of Roman imperial politics.
The emperor
Thirteen years later
Heir of Rome, godlike tsar : concepts and images of tsardom during the reign of Vasily III
Subject and ruler : the cult of the ruling power in classical antiquity : papers presented at a conference held in The University of Alberta on April 13-14, 1994, to celebrate the 65th anniversary of Duncan Fishwick
Napoleon / Biography
Emperor Michael Palaeologus and the West 1258-82 : a study in Byzantine-Latin relations
The imperial cult in the Latin west : studies in the ruler cult of the Western provinces of the Roman empire. Vol. 3, Provincial cult. P. 3: The provincial centre; provincial cult
The Ides of March
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Iudex vice Caesaris : deputy emperors and the administration of justice during the principate
Emperors of Rome : imperial Rome from Julius Caesar to the last emperor
Siberian red
Cousins divided : George V and Nicholas II
Res gestae divi Augusti : the achievements of the divine Augustus
The last Manchu : the autobiography of Henry Pu Yi, last emperor of China
Great women of Imperial Rome : mothers and wives of the caesars
The fields of death
The jewels of the Romanovs : family & court
The last emperor of China : the life of Aisin-Gioro Puyi
Peter the Great : his life and world
A history of Russia. 5: 1, The tsardom of Moscow 1547-1682
Nicholas II : Emperor of all the Russias
The role of the Emperor of Japan in guaranteeing the political changes in the Meiji Restoration 1868 and during the occupation in 1945-1952
Four sisters : the lost lives of the Romanov grand duchesses
Caesar : the life of a colossus
The twelve Caesars
The Romanovs : three centuries of an ill-fated dynasty
The emperor's last island : a journey to St Helena
This is a fresh account of Julius Caesar - the brilliant politician and intriguing figure who became sole ruler of the Roman Empire. Julius Caesar examines key figures such as Marius, Sulla, Cicero, Mark Antony, Gaius Octavius (emperor Augustus), Calpurnia and Cleopatra, as well as the unnamed warriors who fought for and against him, and politicians who supported and opposed him. Including new translations from classical sources, Antony Kamm sets Caesar's life against the historical, political and social background of the times and addresses key issues: Did Caesar destroy the Republic? ; What was the legality of his position and the moral justifications of his actions ; How good a general was he? ; What was his relationship with Cleopatra? ; Why was he assassinated? ; What happened next? This is Caesar - the lavish spender, the military strategist, a considerable orator and historical writer, and probably the most influential figure of his time - in all his historical glory.
River of stars
A chronicle of Gods and sovereigns : Jinnō shōtōki
A history of Rome under the emperors : based on the lecture notes of Sebastian and Paul Hensel, 1882-6
Fire and sword
Special features of health services and register based trials : experiences from a randomized trial of childbirth classes
Tribune of Rome
Augustus : the life of Rome's first emperor
The emperor Alexander II : a study
Rubies in the snow
The life of Napoleon Bonaparte. [II]
Zhonguo wenshi qianshui = China through the dynasties
Tsuro of the seas : a game of treacherous waters
The flight of the Romanovs : a family saga
Ivan IV as emperor : the imperial theme in the establishment of Muscovite tsardom
The red coffin
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
Imperial Chinese robes from the forbidden city
Frederick Barbarossa : the prince and the myth
"After a five-year detention in a prisoner-of-war collection post in Khabarovsk in the USSR, and a subsequent, ten-year, period of reformation in the Fushun War Criminal Prison in China, how did Puyi, Chinas last Feudal Emperor, finally become a member of the Chinese Peoples Political Consultative Conference? What were his experiences during the Cultural Revolution? These questions, and other key themes, are addressed in this book." --Publisher's description.
The lost fortune of the tsars
Sons of heaven : stories of Chinese emperors through the ages
The many deaths of Tsar Nicholas II : relics, remains and the Romanovs
The cabinet of curiosities
Napoleon : man of war, man of peace
The life of Napoleon Bonaparte. [I]
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Primeval : an Event Group adventure
Olga Romanov : russia's last grand duchess
The twilight of imperial Russia : with 13 pages of plates
Imperial Byzantine portraits : a verbal and graphic gallery
Common knowledge about Chinese History = Zhongguo lishi changshi
A history of development of Tibet
The Caesars
Years of the golden cockerel : the last Romanov tsars 1814-1917
The Emperor's new clothes
The Japanese emperor through history
Abstract.
The Roman emperors : a biographical guide to the rulers of imperial Rome 31 BC - AD 476
The emperor's new clothes
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
The imperial cult in the Latin west : studies in the ruler cult of the Western provinces of the Roman empire. Vol. 3, Provincial cult. P. 2: The provincial priesthood
This volume focuses on the headquarters of provincial cults and the principal features of the worship offered there on behalf of the province. Evidence for provincial centres survives in various forms of varying degress of reliability but, while no standard pattern emerges, it seems clear that every province established a permanent base that served similar cultic, administrative, recreational and ideological purposes. Traces of provincial worship are more fleeting but a rough picture can be reconstructed of priestly regalia and of the calendar, rites and associated liturgy and ceremonial that marked the differing cults of individual provinces. Both studies conclude with an overview of the main conclusions and are profusely illustrated with over a hundred plates or diagrams.
The people's will
The eagle of the Ninth
The reign of Napoleon III
The puppet emperor : the life of Pu Yi, last emperor of China
The emperor and the Roman army 31 B.C. - A.D. 235
Emperor of stone : Qin and the terra cotta armies
Royal Russia : from the James Blair Lovell archive
The tsar's doctor. : the life and times of Sir James Wylie
Avtografy Petra Velikovogo : katalog = Autographs of Peter the Great
The Sultan of Byzantium
From Tiberius to the Antonines : a history of the Roman Empire AD 14-192
The majesty of all under heaven : the eternal realm of china's first emperor = Yi tong tian xia : Qin shi huang di de yong heng guo du
From Emperor to citizen : the autobiography of Aisin-Gioro Pu Yi. Vol. 1-2
The last emperors of Vietnam : from Tu Duc to Bao Dai
This volume analyzes the priesthood of the provincial cult in every province of the Latin west where evidence has survived in the period from Augustus down to the mid third century. Particular attention is paid to the epigraphic record, notably the Testimony of honorific statues especially at provincial centres, but discussion also focusses on the origin and background of provincial priests, their office and duties, and their careers both before and after holding provincial office. Of special interest are the sixteen tables that list the main facts preserved by the epigraphic record, also a concluding overview that summarizes the principal features of the institution including the office of priestess and the role of administrative officials. Some fifty plates illustrate the text.
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
The providence of fire
How did Nicholas II, Russia's last Tsar, meet his death? Shot point blank in a bungled execution by radical Bolsheviks in the Urals, Nicholas and his family disappeared from history in the Soviet era. But in the 1970s, a local geologist and a crime fiction writer discovered the location of their clandestine mass grave, and secretly removed three skulls, before reburying them, afraid of the consequences of their find. Yet the history of Nicholas' execution and the discovery of his remains are not the only stories connected with the death of the last Tsar. This book recounts the horrific details of his death and the thrilling discovery of the bones, and also investigates the alternative narratives that have grown up around these events. Stories include the contention that the Tsar's killing was a Jewish plot, in which Nicholas' severed head was taken to Moscow as proof of his death; tales of would-be survivors of the execution, self-confessed children of the Tsar claiming their true identity; and accounts of miracles performed by Nicholas, who was made a saint by the Russian church in 2000. Not least among these alternative narratives is the romanticization of the Romanovs, epitomized by the numerous photographs of the family released from the Russian archives.
The house of special purpose
The Emperor's new clones
Masters of Rome
Emperor of China : self-portrait of K'ang-hsi
Septimius Severus : the African emperor
Leaders of Russia and the Soviet Union : from the Romanov dynasty to Vladimir Putin
The last Kaiser : William the Impetuous
A lifelong passion : Nicholas and Alexandra : their own story
Ritual pečal'nogo korteža : ritual pohoron Rossijskih imperatorov = Funeral ceremonies for Russian emperors
