http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9663 courts (nobility)
courts (nobility)
Edward is the King of England. He's also dying, which is inconvenient, as he's only sixteen and he'd rather be planning his first kiss than who will inherit his crown. Jane, Edward's cousin, is far more interested in books than romance. Unfortunately, Edward has arranged to marry her off to Gifford secure the line of succession. And Gifford is, well, a horse. That is, he is an Eðian (eth-y-un, for the uninitiated) who becomes a chestnut steed every morning, but wakes as a man at dusk, with a mouthful of hay. Very undignified. The plot thickens as the three are drawn into a dangerous conspiracy, and have to engage in some conspiring of their own. But can they pull off their plan before it's off with their heads? / Library of Congress.
Young King Jaron has taken the throne of Carthya, but after enemies attempt to assassinate him, and a neighboring kingdom threatens invasion, he finds that he has no friends in the palace, not even his bride-to-be, princess Amarinda--and his regents think it would be better for Carthya if he just disappeared again.
Courtiers : the secret history of Kensington Palace
The Princely courts of Europe : ritual, politics and culture under the ancien régime 1500-1750
The school of Prague : painting at the court of Rudolf II
The Faeman quest
My Lady Jane : the not entirely true story
Serving Victoria : life in the Royal Household
Bring up the bodies
The tapestry
Summary : Women at the Swedish court in the 18th century / Johanna Ilmakunnas
Sisters of treason
The red queen
The runaway king
Prisoners in the palace : how Princess Victoria became queen with the help of her maid, a reporter, and a scoundrel
Death of kings
The moon and the sun
Versailles. The complete series one
Studies in honour of Väinö Toivo Hovi on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, September 29, 1973.
aWhile King Henry VIII lies on his deathbed, Queen Catherine Parr searches for the person who murdered the London printer who had her shocking, confessional memoir. – WorldCat.
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
The beautiful Mogul princesses
"Early Modern Dynastic Marriages and Cultural Transfer examines marriage as an important agent of cultural transfer, emphasizing how marriages could lead to the creation of a cosmopolitan culture, common to the elites of Europe. These essays focus on the personal and domestic dimensions of early modern European court life, examining such areas as women's devotional practices, fashion, patronage, and culinary traditions"--
Royal heritage : the treasures of the british crown
The heart of Betrayal
The architect's apprentice
Reign. the complete third season
The oracle of Stamboul
Sons of the blood
Intrigue and treason : the Tudor court, 1547-1558
Viper wine : a novel
The shadow throne
The kiss of deception
The dread wyrm
The white queen
The serpent sea
The man in the snow
The court society
The court of the last tsar : pomp, power, and pageantry in the reign of Nicholas II
River of stars
Court culture in Dresden : from Renaissance to Barouque
Five empresses : court life in eighteenth-century Russia
Purveyance for the royal household in the reign of Queen Elizabeth
Court culture in the early Middle Ages : the proceedings of the first York Alcuin conference
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
The Tudor vendetta
The jewel
At your pleasure
The tainted throne
Queen Victoria : a life of contradictions
The pillow book
Trinity
Dressed to rule : royal and court costume from Louis XIV to Elizabeth II
Everything is happening : journey into a painting
The sultan's wife
A house divided : Wittelsbach confessional court cultures in the Holy Roman Empire, c. 1550-1650
Rovaniemi Court of Appeal : model for the Quality Assessment System
Grave mercy
At the Russian court : palace and protocol in the 19th century
Dragonfly in amber
The painted lady
Masks and shadows
Deception
Ruler of the world
The red lily crown
The white princess
Undercover with the earl
Splendour at court : renaissance spectacle and illusion
The time-traveling fashionista at the palace of Marie Antoinette
THE PILLOW BOOK OF SEI SHONAGON
Italian renaissance courts : art, pleasure and power
The politics of female households : ladies-in-waiting across early modern Europe
Traitors in the shadows : an historical novel
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
Rasputin : the saint who sinned
The winter palace
The girl in the mirror
Reign. the complete second season
Rhetoric and the discourses of power in court culture : China, Europe, and Japan
The affair of the poisons : murder, infanticide and satanism at the court of Louis XIV
The gossamer years : the diary of a noblewomen of Heian, Japan
The lost Tudor princess : a life of Margaret Douglas, countess of Lennox
A knight of Malta at the court of Elizabeth I : the correspondence of Michel de Seure, French ambassador, 1560-1561
In the country of Carthya, a devious nobleman engages four orphans in a brutal competition to be selected to impersonate the king's long-missing son in an effort to avoid a civil war.
Courtly Seductions, Modern Subjections : Troubadour Literature and the Medieval Construction of the Modern World
The leopards of Normandy.n[2] : Duke
Madame du Barry : the wages of beauty
Mary Boleyn : the great and infamous whore
Magnificence of the Tsars : ceremonial men's dress of the Russian Imperial Court 1721-1917 : from the collection of the Moscow Kremlin Museums
The leopards of Normandy. [1], Devil
The tale of Genji : the Arthur Waley translation of Lady Murasaki's masterpiece
Music at the court of Frederick the Great
Day of the oprichnik : a novel
Merivel : a man of his time
Adrian Ferrers, Earl of Rivenham, has been tasked by the king to uncover a traitor, but instead he finds a conspiracy. Lady Leonora knows that Rivenham is the devil in disguise and that the tension between them is as irresistible and unpredictable as their situation. When war breaks out she knows she has no choice but to put her trust in the man holding her hostage and hope that love does not become a weapon that will destroy both of them.
Korean court dance : as seen in historical documents
Watch the lady
Gladiator : son of Spartacus
The queen's vow : a novel of Isabella of Castile
Imperial Chinese robes from the forbidden city
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
Treasures of the royal courts : Tudors, Stuarts & the Russian tsars
Wolf Hall
The marriage game
Kostûmirovannyj bal v Zimnem dvorce : v dvuh tomah = Costume ball in the Winter Palace : in 2 volumes. [t. 2], Al'bom s fotografiâmi i biografičeskimi stat'âmi
Marie-Thérèse : the fate of Marie Antoinette's daughter
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
The dragon arcana
The autumn throne
A plague of swords
The Tudors. The complete fourth season
Jane Boleyn : the infamous Lady Rochford
The lost fortune of the tsars
The summer queen
The winter crown
Last Romanov
Early modern dynastic marriages and cultural transfer
Grave Mercy
The jewels of the Romanovs : family & court
Wolves in winter
Young King Jaron has had nothing but trouble with his advisors and regents since he ascended the throne of Carthya, and now King Vargan of Avenia has invaded the land and captured Imogen--and Jaron must find some way to rescue her and save his kingdom.
The serpent's tooth
The pillow book of Sei Shōnagon : the diary of a courtesan in tenth century Japan
Servants of fortune : the Swedish court between 1598 and 1721
The gaze of the listener : English representations of domestic music-making
The false prince
Chief Intelligencer John Shakespeare, the bard's younger brother, is summoned out of retirement back to the dangerous intrigues of the palace when a plot against the aging Queen Elizabeth I causes her to be targeted by two of England's most powerful men
The Jewel
The tale of Genji
