http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9678 environmental policy
environmental policy
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Nordic strategy for the environment : April 1994 - March 1996
Applying economic instruments to environmental policies in OECD and dynamic non-member economies : [Workshop on the Use of Economic Instruments in Environmental Policies was held at OECD on 8-9 November 1993]
Environmental management and development
Consensus and global environmental governance : deliberative democracy in nature's regime
Environmental politics : new geographical and social constituencies
UPM, Jämsänkoski and Kaipola : environmental protection in 2003.
Environmental policies in east and west
Environmental management system to Patria Vammas Oy
Ecological resistance movements : the global emergence of radical and popular environmentalism
Ensuring environmental compliance : trends and good practices
The sustainability of renewable energy in Europe
Low carbon communities : imaginative approaches to combating climate change locally
Since the Rio 'Earth' Summit of 1992, sustainable development has become the major policy response to tackling global environmental degradation, from climate change, to loss of biodiversity, and deforestation.
Bio-syllabus for European environmental education : a textbook for the better understanding and appreciation of the bio-environment
Russian Federation on questions of ecology and the rational utilization of natural resources
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Manual of environmental management
One of the most urgent problems facing the world today is environmental sustainability. Current practices of pollution control, waste treatment, and environmental protection are not only hugely expensive and a burden on development but also unsustainable in the long run for their steady depletion of the world's natural resources. Any solutions must have proven economic benefits, be technologically viable, and meet prevailing environmental and social perspectives.The main objective of this new set of studies is to describe methods that help to protect the environment and conserve natural resources. This can be achieved by applying the 'cradle-to-cradle' concept, which aims to use materials in closed cyclic loops without generating any type of waste or pollution. The authors provide the reader with an introduction to basic concepts of sustainable development, describe the mechanisms and benefits of related technologies, and suggest potential uses on a practical level by examining innovations developed in the mechanical engineering laboratories of the American University in Cairo. Particular focus is placed on innovation as a vital means of attaining sustainability.A timely contribution to the debate on environmentally sustainable practices, this book will be indispensable to environmentalists, scientists, economists, engineers, development specialists, and policy-makers, as well as being of interest to the lay reader.
Richer futures : fashioning a new politics
Monitoring environmental progress : a report on work in progress
Social scientists on environmental policy
Trends and projections in Europe 2015 : tracking progress towards Europe's climate and energy targets
Abstract.
China's environmental crisis : an inquiry into the limits of national development
Reclaiming paradise : the global environmental movement
Value orientation, awareness of consequences, and environmental concern
Environmental politics : a very short introduction
Constructing local environmental agendas : people, places and participation
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
How green is your city?
Environmental politics in the European Union : policy-making, implementation and patterns of multi-level governance
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
Environmental policy and the economy
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
The new politics of pollution
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Positive measures : panacea or placebo in international environmental agreements
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
Joint implementation of climate change commitments : opportunities and apprehensions
Environmental policy in Europe : assessment, challenges and perspectives
The use of economic instruments in Nordic and Baltic environmental policy 2001-2005
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Environmental performance reviews : Romania
Soviet environmental policies and practices : the most critical investment
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
The green guide to profitable management
Sustainable environmental management : principles and practice
Sustainable reform and development in post-Olympic China
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
This thoughtful book explores the scope of environmental pricing and examines a variety of national experiences in environmental policy integration to identify the most effective use of taxation and policy for environmental sustainability.
Green planet blues : environmental politics from Stockholm to Rio
Environmental policies and employment
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
The distributive effects of economic instruments for environmental policy = Effets distributifs des instruments économiques dans la politique de l'environnement
Environmental performance reviews : Bulgaria
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
The mass media and environmental issues
Mineral economics and policy
The politics of global atmospheric change
The last drop : the politics of water
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Environment, politics, and ideology in North Korea : landscape as political project
Environmental monitoring and reporting : Eastern Europe, the Caucasus and Central Asia
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
How did we get into this mess? : politics, equality, nature
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
The international handbook of political ecology
Climate change in world politics
The environmental program for the Mediterranean : preserving a shared heritage and managing a common resource
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Guidelines on integrated environmental management in countries in transition
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2015
European discourses on environmental policy
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
A re-examination of the decentralist principle in green thought in light of global environmental challenges
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Sustainability and innovation : the next global industrial revolution
Air quality in Europe : 2015 report
The political economy of sustainable development : policy instruments and market mechanisms
Land use
Urban ethic : design in the contemporary city
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
"The book brings together new analysis from primary research on business responses and innovations to climate legislation, outputs from workshop discussions, and insights from leading low carbon business practitioners. Broadly, the book is based on emerging theories of multi-levelled, multi-actor carbon governance, and applies these ideas to the real world implications for tackling climate change through business transformation"--
Pollution from fossil fuels and degraded natural lands are raising the earth's temperature. The evidence of the causes of global warming is clear, as are its consequences. The economic impacts of climate change are already apparent and they threaten development gains. Extreme weather events have brought severe droughts to Central Asia, heat waves and forest fires to Russia, and floods to Southeastern Europe. Unchecked emissions will come at rising economic cost and increasing risk to individuals. There is a clear case for all of the world's economies to move to a low-carbon growth path. Yet, climate action has been inadequate, especially in Eastern Europe and Central Asia (ECA). With prospects of a global climate agreement uncertain, this report identifies the actions that governments in the region can take to reduce the carbon footprints of their economies. It shows that many of these actions will more than pay for themselves--and quite quickly when indirect benefits such as better health and increased competitiveness are considered. To realize these benefits, policy makers in ECA need to quickly move on three sets of priorities: use energy much more efficiently, gradually move to cleaner energy sources, and increase carbon capture in soils and forests. This will require transformations in power generation, industrial production, mobility, city living, and in farming and forestry. Policy makers are justifiably worried that climate action may jeopardize economic performance and strain the budgets of poorer families. The report shows how well-designed growth and social policies can make climate action growth-enhancing while protecting the living standards of less-well-off households.
Economics of the environment
Climate Change and the Northern Dimension : an analysis of vulnerability and adaptation policy in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Environmental policy in an international context. 2, Environmental problems as conflicts of interest
Europe's environment : the fourth assessment
Sustainable development of the biosphere
Natural resources : allocation, economics and policy
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Natural resource economics : an introduction
The securitisation of climate change : actors, processes and consequences
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Environmental economics and management : theory, policy, and applications
Development of environmental protection in Japan
Joint ecological policy: a key element in interregional and international relations
Framing the gas market uncertainty in Russian gas export policy : the role of underlying ideas
Environment for Europeans : magazine of the Directorate-General for the environment
Growing green : the economic benefits of climate action
Governing the environment : politics, policy and organization in the Nordic countries
The new accountability : environmental responsibility across borders
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Towards sustainable development : indicators as a tool of local governance
Controversial issues in environmental policy : science vs. economics vs. politics
Environment, energy, and society
The hare and the tortoise : clean air policies in the United States and Sweden
Environmental pricing : studies in policy choices and interactions
The fabric of the world : towards a philosophy of environment
The environmental effectiviness of alternative agri-environmental policy reforms : theoretical and empirical analysis
Cool it : the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
This text underlines the changes that have occurred in the environment and socio-economic context to help explain many of the environmental trends that have been observed. New threats, which challenge piecemeal solutions and call for integrated strategic measures at European and global levels, are described.
Environmental policies and development planning in contemporary China and other essays
Environmental policy and practice in eastern and western Europe
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Focusing on environmental pressures from long-distance transport : TERM: transport indicators tracking progress towards environmental targets in Europe
Air quality in Europe : 2014 report
Environment and development prospects in the West Bank and Gaza Strip : study
Moving towards sustainability : environmental development and policy of the Finnish National Road Administration
Understanding the environment and social policy
Theory and application of environmental economics
This book demonstrates that the much-needed global shift in energy production and use must happen at a territorial level in order to be truly successful and sustainable. This book enables regional implementation efforts by connecting broad EU environmental policies with plans for action at the territorial level, analysing efficient resource allocation and cost effectiveness to achieve national objectives. Each EU Member State is considered in depth, in order to identify the opportunities and challenges of this regional approach. The regional dimension of the authors' analysis refers to the territorial level NUTS 1 (Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) that, starting from the administrative borders of the EU countries, divides the territory into 97 regions on the basis of major socio-economic characteristics. Because the model of the EU "green economy" is characterized typically by top-down interventions that focus exclusively on the resource productivity and investment business, its practical implementation can be de-railed. This book provides the pivotal missing piece- the detailed territorial comparative analysis necessary to obtain an optimal energy mix of renewable energy sources (RES), energy conservation and energy efficiency characteristics of each specific local context.
ISO 14001 : a missed opportunity for sustainable global industrial development
Global environment outlook, GEO 5 : environment for the future we want
Environmental policy priorities in Europe and EU research programmes : paper prepared for the Workshop on Research Priorities and Structure on EU Environmental Research, Amsterdam, 25-26 January 2001
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Resilience, development and global change
Ecosystem services : from biodiversity to society. Part 1
The environmental economic revolution : how business will thrive and the earth survive in years to come
Values, fairness and legitimacy : in the context of Finnish forest and nature conservation policy
Economics of the environment : theory and policy
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
Barriers to joint implementation projects in Russia : lessons learnt from the activities implemented jointly pilot phase
Waste prevention in Europe : the status in 2013
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Global environmental politics : from person to planet
Environmental issues are central to the social and political reforms of the 21st century. Bringing together leading experts, this textbook explores the social, political, economic and moral challenges that environmental problems pose for social policy in a global context. Combining theory and practice with an interdisciplinary approach, the book reviews the current strategies and provides a critique of proposed future developments.
Summary.
The role of consumers in product-oriented environmental policy: can the consumer be the driving force for environmental improvements?
Abstract: Environmental management system to Patria Vammas Oy.
The economic value of the environment : [cases from South Asia]
Environmental quality and social behavior : strategies for research : report on a Study Conference on Research Strategies in the Social and Behavioral Sciences on Environmental Problems and Policies, Irvington (Va.), June 22-27, 1969.
Emissions trading as a policy instrument : evaluation and prospects
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Protecting the periphery : environmental policy in peripheral regions of the European Union
Waste management and the green economy : law and policy
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Environmental policy of Japan
Environmental economics : proceedings of a conference held by the Confederation of European Economic Associations at Oxford, 1993
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Environmental politics : public costs, private rewards
Conservation enterprise : what works, where and for whom?
The European Union : an introduction
Policy change and learning : implementing EU environmental policies affecting agriculture
Carbon governance, climate change and business transformation
Environmental evaluation : perception and public policy
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Waste prevention in Europe : the status in 2014
Rethinking the green state : environmental governance towards climate and sustainability transitions
Shale gas and the future of energy : law and policy for sustainability
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Proceedings of the Helsinki workshop on ecological modernisation : September 10-12. 1998
Shared perceptions of green? : the perception and acceptance of European Union values and rules in environmental policy in Jordan
Resource economics : an economic approach to natural resource and environmental policy
Environmental impact assessment : theory and practice
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Ecological economics : an introduction
At the crossroads of autonomy and essentialism : indigenous peoples in international environmental politics
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Greening the milleniums? : the new politics of the environment
Environmental policy in the European Union
Copenhagen and Beyond  : An Assessment Based on Three Different Approaches to a Post-2012 Climate Framework
But is it true? : a citizen's guide to environmental health and safety issues
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
The bad earth : environmental degradation in China
Local network governance and the environmental policy process :
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
Environmental issues in the new world trading system
Environment? : this is Tampere
"Leading political and environmental commentator on where we have gone wrong, and what to do about it. "Here are some of the things I try to fight: undemocratic power, corruption, deception of the public, environmental destruction, injustice, inequality and the misallocation of resources, waste, denial, the libertarianism which grants freedom to the powerful at the expense of the powerless, undisclosed interests, complacency."  George Monbiot is one of the most vocal, and eloquent, critics of the current consensus. In How Did We Get into this Mess?, which collects Monbiot's journalism over the last seven years, he brilliantly anatomises the state we are in: the devastation of our environment, the crisis of inequality, the corporate takeover of Nature, our obsessions with growth and profit and the decline of the political debate over what to do. While his diagnosis of the problems in front of us is clear-sighted and reasonable, he also develops solutions to challenge this politics of fear"--
"Transformation to a low carbon economy is a central tenet to any discussion on the solutions to the complex challenges of climate change and energy security. Despite advances in policy, carbon management and continuing development of clean technology, fundamental business transformation has not occurred because of multiple political, economic, social and organisational issues. Carbon Governance, Climate Change and Business Transformation is based on leading academic and industry input, and three international workshops focused on low carbon transformation in leading climate policy jurisdictions (Canada, USA and the UK) under the international Carbon Governance Project (CGP) banner. The book pulls insights from this innovative collaborative network to identify the policy combinations needed to create transformative change. It explores fundamental questions about how governments and the private sector conceptualize the problem of climate change, the conditions under which business transformation can genuinely take place and key policy and business innovations needed. Broadly, the book is based on emerging theories of multi-levelled, multi-actor carbon governance, and applies these ideas to the real world implications for tackling climate change through business transformation. Conceptually and empirically, this book stimulates both academic discussion and practical business models for low carbon transformation"--
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
"Drawing on case studies, this book provides a fresh understanding of democratic accountability for transboundary and global harm and argues that environmental responsibility should be established in open public discussions about harm and risk"--Provided by publisher.
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Eco-management and eco-auditing : environmental issues in business
Governance theory as a framework for empirical research : a case study on local environmental policy-making in Helsinki, Finland
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the North
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Rational goal-setting in environmental policy : Foundations and applications
Lectio praecursoria: Environmental policy evaluation concepts exemplified in the context of the European Unions strategy for better regulation
Environmental policy in Japan
Managing the environment : business opportunity and responsibility
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
The World Bank and the environment : fiscal 1993.
Non-renewable resources, endogenous growth, and environmental policy
Environmental economics and management : theory, policy and applications
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
This book sets the questions of energy and the environment in the North in the global context and further addresses historical developments, views on energy taxation and tariffs, and effects of EU energy policy. Climate change appears more frequently than ever on the top of global and national policy agendas. In the current situation traditional environmental concern and environmental policy may not suffice in the face of the global challenge as manifested by climate change and the depletion of fossil energy resources. But as new data comes to light, new energy policies and changes in economic structures are crucial for putting into action global climate policy. Crucial tasks in environmental policy are the sustainable utilisation of natural resources and the conservation of natural and human-made habitats. One of the areas of the world where this comes into play the most is in the Nordic countries. Northern societies are predominantly high tech, high consumption and high energy supply societies. And with the transition from older energy sources (wood for heating and stream water for power production) to newer ones (oil and nuclear energy) discussions on the environmental impact have led to public and corporate action. The Northern countries have been at the forefront in finding sustainable alternatives to solve conflicts arising from the rise in energy needs. However, these countries have taken different pathways with different policies in attempting to achieve this. As the needs and concerns from climate change arise, a Northern dimension, involving policies that contrast to European and global trends, emerges. "Energy, Policy, and the Environment: Modeling Sustainable Development for the North" explores that dimension.
Environmental finance and investments
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Culture, development and petroleum : an ethnography of the High North
International Arctic petroleum cooperation : Barents Sea scenarios
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
Reforming energy and transport subsidies : environmental and economic implications
Radical environmentalism : philosophy and tactics
Citizens' possibilities to participate and influence on European Union's environmental policy through NGOs : reflections of the Finnish NGOs experiences
Protecting public health and the environment : implementing the precautionary principle
Environmental planning : perception and behavior
Economics and the environment : a signalling and incentives approach
Ecotourism : the potentials and pitfalls. Vol. 1
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The law and policy of environmental federalism : a comparative analysis
Environmental decision-making. Vol. 2
Environmental philosophy : critical concepts in the environment. Vol. 2, Society and politics
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
It's been a hard day's night : Why making international environmental policy is so difficult. A case study of the UNFCCC Copenhagen summit
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
An introduction to sustainable development
Global environmental governance, technology and politics : the Anthropocene Gap
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
Ecotourism : the potentials and pitfalls. Vol. 2, Country case studies
The use of economic instruments in Nordic environmental policy
"The discovery, just forty years ago, of vast oil and gas reserves in Norway's Arctic High North region created an economic titan. This original research illustrates the many challenges and opportunities now facing Norway's citizens in a region which the government has designated its top strategic priority. An ethnographic study, the book showcases interviews with 21 representative individuals from the area and reveals the various impacts petroleum development has on their regional economy and culture"--
Valuing the environment : six case studies
