http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9686 fasting
fasting
The 8 hour diet : watch the pounds disappear without watching what you eat
When you fast... : recipes for lenten seasons
The fast diet
Heritability of type 2 diabetes and related traits
Passover and Easter : origin and history to modern times
The world of the Crow Indians : as driftwood lodges
The diversity of the Muslim community : anthropological essays in memory of Peter Lienhardt
Ancient China and Greece are two classical civilizations that have exerted far-reaching influence in numerous areas of human experience and are often invoked as the paradigms in East-West comparison. This book examines gender relations in the two ancient societies as reflected in convivial contexts such as family banquets, public festivals, and religious feasts. Two distinct patterns of interpersonal affinity and conflict emerge from the Chinese and Greek sources that show men and women organizing themselves and interacting with each other in social occasions intended for collective pursuit of pleasure. Through an analysis of the two different patterns, Yiqun Zhou illuminates the different sociopolitical mechanisms, value systems, and fabrics of human bonds in the two classical traditions. Her book will be important for readers who are interested in the comparative study of societies, gender studies, women's history, and the legacy of civilizations.
Effects of temperature and feeding regime on compensatory growth of rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss
A Lenten cookbook for Orthodox Christians
Festivals, feasts, and gender relations in ancient China and Greece
Food and faith in Christian culture
Christian fasting : Disciplining the body, awakening the spirit
́Siva in trouble : festivals and rituals at the Pa ́supathinãtha Temple of Deopatan (Nepal)
Food and culture : a reader
Food. Volume 1, thinking food
The wonder
Fasting and feasting in Morocco : women's participation in Ramadan
Letters by the Lubavitcher Rebbe [sheliṭa]. Vol. 1, Tishrei - Adar
Ramadan in Java : the joy and jihad of ritual fasting
Holy Week: A short history
Come before God : in prayer and solemn feast
Counselling on limited preoperative fasting in paediatric ambulatory tonsillectomy
The cookbook library : four centuries of the cooks, writers, and recipes that made the modern cookbook
Orthodox Lent, Holy Week and Easter : liturgical texts with commentary
Distribution, regulation and physiological roles of catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) in rodents
Counselling on limited preoperative fasting in paediatric ambulatory tonsillectom
Cultural competence in caring for Muslim patients
Epidemiologic studies on diabetes, non-diabetic glycemic levels, insulin resistance and cardiovascular diseases
The Harcombe diet : 3-step plan
Energy sensing factors modulate expression of inflammatory mediators, mitochondria acetylation and drug metabolism in the liver
How did medieval hermits survive on their self-denying diet? What did they eat, and how did unethical monks get around the rules? Full of rich anecdotes, and including recipes for basic monk's stew and bread soup, - this title tells the story of hermits, monks, food and fasting in the Middle Ages.
Ritual fasting on West Java : empowerment, submission, and control
5:2 your life : how the revolutionary 5:2 approach can transform your health, wealth and happiness
Juicing : fresly made juices for a healthy and energised life
The fast diet : lose weight, stay healthy, and live longer with the simple secret of intermittent fasting
Ramadan in Morocco : an analysis of the interaction of formal and local traditions
A hermit's cookbook : monks, food and fasting in the Middle Ages
Ecclesiasticus. 2, Orthodox icons, saints, feasts and prayer
Shaping history through prayer and fasting
On fasting and feasts
Regulation of hepatic glucose homeostasis and Cytochrome P450 enzymes by energy-sensing coactivator PGC-1α
Holy men and hunger artists : fasting and ascetism in rabbinic culture
Fasting in the Orthodox Church : its theological, pastoral and social implications
Imagining Jesus, with food
From feasting to fasting, the evolution of a sin : attitudes to food in late antiquity
"Because it gives me peace of mind" : ritual fasts in the religious lives of Hindu women
The roles of orexins on sleep/wakefulness, energy homeostasis and intestinal secretion
The National Trust book of Christmas & festive day recipes
Laboratory diagnostics of dyslipidemia : from cholesterol to apolipoproteins
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
The Novello book of music for Lent & Easter : anthems and hymns for Lent, Holy Week and Eastertide for mixed-voice chorus
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 96, On repentance and almsgiving
Wintering strategy of the boreal raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides) : applications to farming practice
Factors, complications and health-related quality of life associated with diabetes mellitus developed after midlife in men
Ecclesiasticus II: Orthodox Icons, Saints, Feasts and Prayer brings together essays, which were delivered on various occasions and are arranged into four general topics-hence the subtitle. The first section on Icons offers an introductory lecture on the iconoclastic dispute with a select (updated) bibliography and a fresh exposition, on the basis of the original text of St. John of Damascus' Defense of the Icons. The second section on Saints represents an introduction to Orthodox Hagiography, which was prepared for the Orthodox-Reformed Dialogue, and offers an extensive bibliography on the subject. The third section on Feasts is a general presentation of the major movable and immovable feasts of the Orthodox liturgical years and dovetails with the section on the Saints. Finally, the fourth section on Prayer offers two expositions of the Lord's Prayer, one by St. Maximos the Confessor and another by St. Macarios of Corinth, which are representative of the patristic understanding of this Prayer that constitutes the basis of Orthodox spirituality.
The Liturgy of the Presanctified Gifts and other Lenten hymns
