http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9695 hermeneutics
hermeneutics
The conflict of interpretations : essays in hermeneutics
In this important collection of essays by the leading theorist of form, Martin Buss presents in Part I, Steps toward a New Form Criticism, several essays that view forms as complexes of relations that constitute possibilities. This relational approach to form criticism rejects, on the one hand, the idea that reality is at base only particular and, on the other hand, an essentialism that holds that forms are firmly structured and there is a single correct way to classify texts. In Part II, Interdisciplinary Ideas of Sitz im Leben, he shows how Gunkel's notion of Sitz im Leben, derived from his knowledge of other fields, made an impact on leading figures in several disciplines. They modified the notion, and their analyses became known to a number of biblical scholars. This cross-pollination introduced a new understanding of the notion of Sitz im Leben into biblical studies, which, in turn, was noted by scholars in other fields. An appendix to the volume reports relational approaches in several disciplines that provide a stimulus for relational form criticism. The volume has been edited by Nickie M. Stipe.
Understanding biblical theology : a comparison of theory and practice
Since the revised edition of William C. Spohn's What Are They Saying About Scripture and Ethics? was last published in 1995, there have been significant developments in the field of ethics. This book provides an up-to-date review and critique of those recent developments. Lucas Chan reviews and critiques the major attempts at biblical ethics over the past twenty years by both biblical theologians and theological ethicists, focusing on New Testament ethics as an illustration. His is the first attempt in twenty years by a Catholic theologian. Chan advocates that a true biblical ethics needs to have the exegetical work of biblical theologians and the interpretive work of theological ethicists. He argues that a hermeneutics of virtue ethics is a very worthy method for bringing our findings to ethical expression. -- Provided by publisher.
God with us : critical issues in Christian life and faith
Hermeneutics and truth
Truth and method
The present volume addresses the surprising lack of scholarly discussion of the use and meaning of the terms, “Bible” and “biblical.” It highlights not only the differing, contrasting, and even opposing ways in which the terms “Bible” and “biblical” are used in scholarly discourse but engages scholars from various countries with different religious orientations and from different schools of thought in reflections on the terms at hand from their particular perspectives. The contributions highlight the key differences between Jewish and Christian understandings of Bible and canon. Bible and biblical are theological concepts, not historical or linguistic ones. The language of “Bible” and “biblical” is appropriate and indeed necessary in theological discourses but should be avoided in historical, archaeological, or linguistic contexts.
”A more sustainable world for all.” Ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
Horizons in hermeneutics : a festschrift in honor of Anthony C. Thiselton
Reading and understanding the Bible
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Knowledge and hermeneutic understanding : a study of the Habermas-Gadamer debate
Introduction to literary hermeneutics
Three faces of hermeneutics : an introduction to current theories of understanding
The hermeneutic tradition : from Ast to Ricoeur
The Qur'an, in its use of allusions, depends on the Biblical knowledge of its audience. This book challenges the scholarly notion that the Qur'an must be interpreted through the medieval commentaries shaped by the biography of the prophet Muhammad, and argues that the text is best read in light of Christian and Jewish scripture.
Texts in context : traditional hermeneutics in South Asia
This book is unique in presenting biblical hermeneutics in action. The present volume brings together contributions that can be grouped into three parts. In the first part, Emmanuel Nathan, Marianne Moyaert, Ming Yeung Cheung, Pierre Van Hecke and Roger Burggraeve each reflect on the relevance of a meaningful Biblical hermeneutics in order to adequately (re-)engage the Bible today. In the second part, Emmanuel Nathan, Marianne Moyaert, David Dessin, Roger Burggraeve, Sydney Palmer and Martijn Steegen delve into specific biblical texts in search of their deeper philosophical and theological insights. In the third and final part, Ineke Cornet, Martin Kallungal, Thomas Vollmer, Annette Aronowicz and Reimund Bieringer offer specialised hermeneutical reflections on how the Bible has been, and can be, engaged in different contexts. Viewed as a whole, the contributions contained in this volume resonate with a view of biblical hermeneutics as an ongoing and dialogical process and, so doing, demonstrate that the Bible, far from being a venerable object of the past, continues to engage us in meaningful conversation today.
Is there a meaning in this text? : the Bible, the reader, and the morality of literary knowledge
Social theory of modern societies : Anthony Giddens and his critics
Dimensions of the hermeneutic circle
Oral and manuscript culture in the Bible : studies on the media texture of the New Testament--explorative hermeneutics
The eleven studies in this volume are connected by the conviction that God acts in history and that it remains necessary for biblical exegesis to integrate this into its methodology. Roland Deines presents historical and methodological considerations to trace how God was experienced within historical events and how such events inspired the formation of Scripture. Topics range from the Pharisees to Bar Kokhba, and from the historical Jesus to the Apostolic decrees, with Joseph Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI) on Jesus and Martin Hengel on Jesus' pre-existence and incarnation discussed as particular methodological examples. Roland Deines intends these studies to be contributions towards a theologically motivated historiography. His aim is to propose a viable reading of history under the assumption that the one God to whom the Holy Scriptures of the Jewish-Christian tradition bear witness is indeed the creator, sustainer and perfecter of this world and its history.
Biblical ethics in the 21st century : developments, emerging consensus, and future directions
The end of modernity : nihilism and hermeneutics in postmodern culture
Rhetorics and hermeneutics : Wilhelm Wuellner and his influence
Schutzian Phenomenology and Hermeneutic Traditions
Urban Christ : Responses to John J. Vincent ; Ian K. Duffield (ed.)
The aim of this thesis is to present a theoretically consistent conceptualization of knowledge creation as an interactive event and to test this in a working community in a methodologically coherent manner.This thesis examines the key problems in the body of research of knowledge creation in the field of Knowledge Management, which is attached to the idea of knowledge as an asset inside a human mind, but simultaneously promotes a view of interaction, based on hermeneutic understanding. The study proposes an alternative way to conceptualize and examine knowledge creation, based on hermeneutic phenomenology of Hans-Georg Gadamer and Martin Heidegger. The foci are on the conceptions of a human being and interaction as play. On the basis of the research literature, a framework for examining knowledge creation was developed. The framework was empirically tested in a multi-organizational and multi-professional working community of librarians and teachers, participating in The Joy of Reading Program in Finland. Along with the research literature, the triangulated data consist of ethnographic observations and video recordings of the community's gatherings, its members' interviews and produced documents. The data were analyzed through a qualitative approach.The results show that the phenomenological conceptions of temporality of a human being and play are suitable for understanding being in the knowledge-creating interaction, as they give means to understand the meaningfulness of past experiences, but promote an open attitude towards future possibilities in a way which promotes knowledge creation. Studying interactive events allows for an understanding of how the phenomenon of knowledge creation can be examined as a collective accomplishment. The importance of flexible circumstances is emphasized to promote interaction. The playful mode of being in the event, meaning seriousness and the tendency to be present in the event, was seen as a way to use the time available effectively. The results may be utilized to develop organizational circumstances, which promote knowledge creation by acknowledging the meaningfulness of interaction.In the future, theoretical sampling will be used for testing and developing the framework further in a Finnish Academy's Strategic Research Council's consortium BCDC Energy aiming at developing a cloud computing based market place on renewable energy markets.
Interpreting law and literature : a hermeneutic reader
Dynamic theory of wellbeing : an impressionistic expedition
David being a prophet : the contingency of scripture upon history in the New Testament
Revelation : Claremont Studies in Philosophy of Religion, Conference 2012
Canons in conflict : negotiating texts in true and false prophecy
The history of religions school today : essays on the New Testament and related ancient mediterranean texts
The hermeneutical spiral : a comprehensive introduction to biblical interpretation
Rabbinic interpretation of scripture in the Mishnah
This book proposes to introduce and discuss the relationship between historical criticism and Christian theology, in the hope of addressing the relative paucity of evangelical engagement with historical-critical scholarship. The book posits that this dearth of evangelical interaction depends in large part upon a concern that historical criticism leads inexorably to theological conclusions that are at odds with Christian orthodoxy. As such, this work includes essays on eight of the most provocative topics of critical investigation: the Fall, the Exodus, the Conquest, the Covenant as a Post-Exilic Phenomenon, Pseudepigraphy, Prophecy, the Historical Jesus, and the Paul of Acts versus the Paul of the Epistles.
The theological interpretation of Scripture : classic and contemporary readings
Readings in the canon of Scripture : written for our learning
Essays in hermeneutics and critical theory
Continental philosophy of social science : hermeneutics, genealogy, critical theory
Biblical interpretation then and now : contemporary hermeneutics in the light of the early church
The Quran and its biblical subtext
1. Towards a faithful criticism / Christopher M. Hays ; 2. Adam and the fall / Christopher M. Hays and Stephen Lane Herring ; 3. The exodus: fact, fiction or both? / Christopher B. Ansberry ; 4. No covenant before the exile? The Deuteronomic Torah and Israel's covenant theology / Christopher B. Ansberry and Jerry Hwang ; 5. Problems with prophecy / Amber Warhurst, Seth B. Tarrer and Christopher M. Hays ; 6. Pseudepigraphy and the canon / Christopher B. Ansberry, Casey A. Strine, Edward W. Klink III and David Lincicum ; 7. The historical Jesus / Michael J. Daling and Christopher M. Hays ; 8. The Paul of Acts and the Paul of the epistles / Aaron J. Kuecker and Kelly D. Liebengood ; 9. Faithful criticism and a critical faith / Christopher B. Ansberry and Christopher M. Hays ; Bibliography; Search items for ancient texts.
Do We Need Real-Time Hermeneutics? Structures of Meaning in Games
For the sake of our salvation : the truth and humility of God's word
Paul Ricoeur's hermeneutics of the imagination
Hermeneutics as politics
An introduction to Christian theology : biblical, classical, contemporary
Language for God in patristic tradition : wrestling with biblical anthropomorphism
Proverbs and the African tree of life : grafting Biblical proverbs on to Ghanaian Eve folk proverbs
From essays that focus on the horizon of the text through to essays that consider the horizon of the twenty-first century church, this collection invites reflection on the illumination that hermeneutical awareness brings to biblical interpretation. This Festschrift in honor of Anthony C. Thiselton aims to consider, exemplify, and build upon his insights in philosophical hermeneutics and biblical studies, particularly in relation to Paul and his writings.
With his usual flair and reader-friendly style, Ben Witherington III brings us a fresh and distinctive guide to interpreting the Bible. Ideal for courses in Biblical Interpretation, Hermeneutics, and Introduction to the Bible, Reading and Understanding the Bible is unique in that it carefully examines the various genres of literature in the Bible while also explaining how to interpret each within its proper context. Taking a faith-friendly approach to historically based interpretation, it shows students how to read the Bible with a keen awareness of the many and profound differences between the modern world and ancient biblical cultures. It explains how ancient societies worked, how documents were created, who preserved them and why, the patriarchal nature of all ancient cultures, and, most importantly, how these cultural characteristics should affect our reading of the Bible.
Septuagint research : issues and challenges in the study of the Greek Jewish scriptures
Interpreting classical religious texts in contemporary Africa
Diversity in the Structure of Christian Reasoning examines the effect of Christian commitments on rationality. When Christians read scripture, traditions supply concepts that shape what counts as normal, good, and true. This book offers an account of how different communities produce divergent readings of the Bible. It considers two examples from World Christianity, first a Bakongo community in central Africa, and then a Tamil bishop in southern India. Each case displays a relation between tradition and reason that reconfigures the hermeneutical picture developed by Martin Heidegger and Hans-Georg Gadamer. To see what transpires when readers decide about a correct interpretation, this book offers theologians and scholars of religion a fresh strategy that keeps in view the global character of modern Christianity.
The doctrine of revelation : a narrative interpretation
Thiselton on hermeneutics : the collected writings of Anthony Thiselton
Philosophical hermeneutics and its significance for the study of religion
The Frankfurt school critique of capitalist ulture : a critical theory for post-democratic society and its re-education
The hermeneutics reader : texts of the German tradition from the Enlightenment to the present
The present volume offers a glimpse at one currently thriving expression of the distinguished history of religions school approach to the New Testament and early Christian literature. Begun circa 1884 at the University of Göttingen and pioneered by scholars such as Albert Eichhorn, Wilhelm Bousset, Johannes Weiß, and William Wrede, today applications of this approach are diverse. In North America, the University of Chicago has long been a hub of this type of investigation. Over the last century, many of these studies have produced groundbreaking results. Essays in this collection apply this method to a range of topics and themes demonstrating its enduring value. Contributors: Jeff Asher, Thomas R. Blanton IV, Laurie Brink, O.P., Robert Matthew Calhoun, Paul B. Duff, Matthijs Den Dulk, Justin Howell, Matt Jackson-McCabe, Meira Z. Kensky, Andrew Langford, David G. Monaco, S.S.L., Mark Reasoner, Clare K. Rothschild, Jeffrey A. Trumbower
The hermeneutics of doctrine : Anthony C. Thiselton and his search for a unified hermeneutics
The cardinal meaning : essays in comparative hermeneutics : Buddhism and Christianity
The life of understanding : a contemporary hermeneutics
"This book applies philosophical hermeneutics to biblical studies. Whereas traditional studies of the Bible limit their analysis to the exploration of the texts' original historical sense, this book discusses how to move beyond these issues to a consideration of biblical texts' existential significance for the present. In response to the rejection of biblical significance in the late nineteenth century and the accompanying crisis of nihilism, B. H. McLean argues that the philosophical thought of Heidegger, Bultmann, Gadamer, Habermas, Ricoeur, Levinas, Deleuze, and Guattari provides an alternative to historically oriented approaches to biblical interpretation. He uses basic principles drawn from these philosophers' writings to create a framework for a new "post-historical" mode of hermeneutic inquiry that transcends the subject-based epistemological structure of historical positivism".
By re-examining the quotation of psalms in Paul, this book offers a fresh interpretation of the New Testament's reception of the Old Testament. Richard Hays's influential Echoes of Scripture in the Letters of Paul astutely identified the rhetorical device of metalepsis, or echo, as central to the study of Pauline hermeneutics. Hays's Paul was in sympathetic dialogue with the voice of Scripture, but Matthew Scott now challenges this assumption with close readings of echoed psalms voiced by David and Christ. Paul's use of metalepsis in Romans and 2 Corinthians reveals him to be a provocative, even polemical, reader who appropriates the words of David for a Christological purpose. Scott also illustrates how Christ succeeds David as the premier psalmist in Paul and considers whether, in doing so, Christ acts as inheritor or iconoclast.
Selected writings
The hermeneutics reader : texts of the German tradition from the enlightenment to the present
The hermeneutic of continuity : Christ, kingdom, and creation
Listening for the text : on the uses of the past
The contemporary renaissance of theological interpretation as an approach to reading the Bible has brought with it a host of questions. Most importantly, what is the relationship between theological interpretation and more traditional forms of historical inquiry characteristic of the field in the modern era? Does theological interpretation require that the church's faith determine the meaning of biblical texts? How does a theological hermeneutic navigate the conventional roles of author, text, and reader? What are the natural intellectual companions of theological interpretation? Essays in this volume tackle questions like these primarily by engaging directly with biblical texts, both in theological interpretation for its own sake and to see what the texts themselves might suggest about doing theological interpretation. The result is a much-needed exploration of theological interpretation in the hands of biblical scholars, theologians, and linguists occupied with exegesis. The volume arises from an international colloquium on the theological interpretation of the Bible held at Laidlaw College in Auckland, New Zealand, in August 2011.
Gadamer's hermeneutics : a reading of truth and method
History and hermeneutics
What is postmodern biblical criticism?
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
The first day of the new creation : the resurrection and the Christian faith
The two horizons : New Testament hermeneutics and philosophical description with special reference to Heidegger, Bultman, Gadamer and Wittgenstein
Patristic hermeneutics : 4th-14th century
A manual of hermeneutics
Orientation and judgment in hermeneutics
The eclipse of biblical narrative : a study in eighteenth and nineteenth century hermeneutics
The methodology of New Testament textual criticism, the critical evaluation of readings, and the history and texts of early Christianity is the focus of the influential work of J. K. Elliott. Readings in Early Christianity: Texts and Traditions offers eighteen essays in his honour. The essays, by colleagues and students from his long career, reflect Elliott's wide interest and impact. From questions of the purpose and practice of textual criticism, to detailed assessment of New Testament literature and the readings of its manuscripts, to provocative studies of the reception of Jesus and the New Testament in the second century, this volume will be of value to those studying the New Testament and Early Christianity.
In this book, Steven Mann highlights the role of theology in the story of David's departure and return as told in 2 Samuel 14-20. Mann's method of narrative analysis employs a philosophy of language called speech act theory. His primary interest is ways in which speech act theory has been applied to biblical narrative, and he concentrates specifically on speech acts that include theological propositional content, that is, words used to denote God. In this way, Mann analyzes the theological speech acts of the narrative and then suggests a way to view the narrative itself as a speech act. The thesis of this study is that speech act theory illuminates the integral role of theology in the story of David's departure and return. Theology is not merely one aspect of the story but is in fact a catalyst necessary to the plot. Furthermore, the act of telling the story as 2 Sam 14-20 does is the very act of portraying David's faith in Yhwh. David's speech acts demonstrate that he believes that Yhwh is someone who intervenes and who finds ways to bring his banished ones back to him. The narrative portrayal of David's faith can be understood as an illocutionary act, with the potential effect of encouraging an audience, a perlocutionary act. In other words, Man demonstrates that this story can inspire any readers who see this narrative as a story not only about David but about themselves.
The adventures of transcendental philosophy : Karl-Otto Apel's semiotics and discourse ethics
Interpretive reasoning
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
Methods for Exodus is a textbook on biblical methodology. The book introduces readers to six distinct methodologies that aid in the interpretation of the book of Exodus: literary and rhetorical, genre, source and redaction, liberation, feminist, and postcolonial criticisms. Describing each methodology, the volume also explores how the different methods relate to and complement one another. Each chapter includes a summary of the hermeneutical presuppositions of a particular method with a summary of the impact of the method on the interpretation of the book of Exodus. In addition, Exodus 1-2 and 19-20 are used to illustrate the application of each method to specific texts. The book is unique in offering a broad methodological discussion with all illustrations centered on the book of Exodus.
Pastoral care and hermeneutics
Sinceits founding by Jacques Waardenburg in 1971, Religion and Reason has been a leading forum for contributions on theories, theoretical issues and agendas related to the phenomenon and the study of religion. Topics include (among others) category formation, comparison, ethnophilosophy, hermeneutics, methodology, myth, phenomenology, philosophy of science, scientific atheism, structuralism, and theories of religion. From time to time the series publishes volumes that map the state of the art and the history of the discipline.
Verstehen and humane understanding
Hermeneutics of metaphor, symbol and narrative in faith development theory
Philosophical hermeneutics and biblical exegesis
From legal principles to the interpretative theory of law : the debate between Ronald Dworkin and the positivists
The Routledge companion to hermeneutics
Preaching and the personal
Contemporary hermeneutics : hermeneutics as method, philosophy and critique
The linguistic turn in hermeneutic philosophy
The two-volume Oxford Encyclopedia of Biblical Interpretation (OEBI) will fill a crucial need in the field of biblical studies by providing detailed, comprehensive treatments of the latest approaches to and methods for interpretation of the Bible written by expert practitioners. It will provide a single source for authoritative reference overviews of scholarship on some of the most important topics of study in the field of biblical studies. As with all high quality reference works, it provides a solid foundation that students and scholars can use to orientate themselves before venturing into original research. The Encyclopedia will contain nearly 120 entries, ranging in length from 3,000 to 5,000 words. It will be organized in an A-to-Z format. Each entry will be signed, contain a bibliography for further reading, and will be cross-referenced to other useful points of interest within the Encyclopedia. It will also feature a topical outline of contents and an extensive index.
The Oxford encyclopedia of biblical interpretation. Volume 2, Metaphor theory and biblical texts - womanist interpretation, Topical outline of contents, Directory of contributors, Index
Frontiers of Dalit theology
The Fortress Commentary on the Bible: The New Testament presents a balanced synthesis of current scholarship, enabling readers to interpret Scripture for a complex and pluralistic world. The contributors bring a rich diversity of perspectives to the task of connecting solid historical critical analysis of Scripture with sensitivity to theological, cultural, and interpretive issues arising in our encounter with the text. The contributors represent a broad array of theological commitment—Protestants, Catholics, Jews, and others. The introductory articles and section introductions in the volume discuss the dramatic challenges that have shaped contemporary interpretation of the New Testament. Individual book articles provide an introduction and commentary on key sense units that are explored through the lenses of three critical questions: The text in its ancient context. What did the text probably mean in its original historical and cultural context? The text in the interpretive tradition. How have centuries of reading and interpreting shaped our understanding of the text? The text in contemporary discussion. What are the unique challenges and interpretive questions that arise for readers and hearers of the text today? The result is a commentary that is comprehensive and useful for preaching, teaching, and research.
The Fortress Commentary on the Bible: Old Testament and Apocrypha presents a balanced synthesis of current scholarship, enabling readers to interpret Scripture for a complex and pluralistic world. The contributors bring a rich diversity of perspectives to the task of connecting solid historical critical analysis of the Scripture with sensitivity to theological, cultural, and interpretive issues arising in our encounter with the text. The contributors represent a broad array of theological commitment—Protestants, Catholics, Jews, and others. The introductory articles and section introductions in the volume discuss the dramatic challenges that have shaped contemporary interpretation of the Old Testament and Apocrypha. Individual book articles provide an introduction and commentary on key sense units that are explored through the lenses of three critical questions: The text in its ancient context. What did the text probably mean in its original historical and cultural context? The text in the interpretive tradition. How have centuries of reading and interpreting shaped our understanding of the text? The text in contemporary discussion. What are the unique challenges and interpretive questions that arise for readers and hearers of the text today? The result is a commentary that is comprehensive and useful for preaching, teaching, and research.
In Proverbs and the African Tree of Life Dorothy BEA Akoto-Abutiate juxtaposes chosen sayings from Proverbs and selected Ewe Folk proverbs using the agricultural metaphor of “grafting,” which she calls a “hermeneutic of grafting.” Though these two sets of sayings come from completely different cultural contexts, Akoto argues that folk sayings/proverbs, which abound in Africa, should be considered as an already mature, established tree on to which a piece of the biblical tree is spliced or engrafted to produce hybridized fruits that have uniquely different tastes than the fruits of each tree individually. This metaphorical grafting process allows the message of the Bible (in Proverbs) to be understood, imbibed and appropriated in Africa.
How poems think
Methods for Exodus
Evangelical faith and the challenge of historical criticism
Philosophical interpretations of the Old Testament
The Bible and the environment : towards a critical ecological biblical theology
Paul Ricoeur in the age of hermeneutical reason : poetics, praxis, and critique
Chasing the eastern star : adventures in biblical reader-response criticism
In Clement's Biblical Exegesis scholars from six countries explore various facets of Clement of Alexandria's hermeneutical theory and his exegetical practice. Although research on Clement has tended to emphasize his use of philosophical sources, Clement was important not only as a Christian philosopher, but also as a pioneer Christian exegete. His works constitute a crucial link in the tradition of Alexandrian exegesis, but his biblical exegesis has received much less attention than that of Philo or Origen. Topics discussed include how Clement's methods of allegorical interpretation compare with those of Philo, Origen, and pagan exegetes of Homer, and his readings of particular texts such as Proverbs, the Sermon on the Mount, John 1, 1 John, and the Pauline letters.
Among linguistic philosophers, speech act theory has illuminated the fact that uttering a sentence does not merely convey information; it may also involve the performing of an action. The concept of communicative action provides additional tools to the exegetical process as it points the interpreter beyond the assumption that the use of language is merely for descriptive purposes. Language can also have performative and self-involving dimensions. Despite their clear hermeneutical importance, the notions expressed within speech act theory have been generally neglected by biblical interpreters. The few who have applied speech act theory to the OT typically subsume the discipline into an eclectic type of literary/rhetorical criticism. Such an approach, though, tends to discount the distinctive notions expressed by theoreticians. This dissertation presents the basic philosophical concepts of speech act theory in order to accurately implement them alongside other interpretive tools. The above analysis leads to applying these concepts to "Isaiah" 41:21-29, 49:1-6, 50:4-10, and 52:13-53:12. These four sections intricately function within the overall prophetic strategy of chapters 40-55: the call to return or turn to Yahweh. The way these chapters describe the nature of this return is for the reader to forsake sin, acknowledge and confess Yahweh as God alone. The first passage represents the basic concerns of chapters 40-48 and specifically Jacob-Israel's deliverance from Babylon through Yahweh's Cyrus illocutionary act. The final three passages represent the servant leitmotif running throughout the chapters and implore the reader through self-involvement to embrace the role of Yahweh's servant.
Hermeneutics and the voice of the other : re-reading Gadamer's philosophical hermeneutics
The authority of mystery : the word of God and the people of God
Russell Pregeant shows that reading the Bible "without interpretation" is impossible. The right question is which assumptions are appropriate. --from publisher description.
Hermeneutics : ancient and modern
Ethical hermeneutics : rationality in Enrique Dussel's Philosophy of liberation
Oral and Manuscript Culture in the Bible is the fruit of Professor Loubser's confrontation with how Scripture is read, understood, and used in the Third World situation, which is closer than modern European societies to the social dynamics of the original milieu in which the texts were produced.
Hermeneutics and the sociology of knowledge
Displacements of deconstruction : the deconstruction of metaphysics of presence, meaning, subject and method
The revelatory text : interpreting the New Testament as sacred scripture
Early music editing : principles, historiography, future directions
Here, Anthony Thiselton brings together his encyclopedic knowledge of hermeneutics and his nearly four decades of teaching on the subject to provide an ideal textbook which takes the reader through the time-honoured interpretation techniques of the past and on to modern times. Anthony Thiselton here brings together his encyclopedic knowledge of hermeneutics and his nearly four decades of teaching on the subject to provide a splendid interdisciplinary textbook. After a thorough historical overview of hermeneutics, Thiselton moves into modern times with extensive analysis of scholarship from the mid-twentieth century, including liberation and feminist theologies, reader-response and reception theory, and postmodernism. No other text on hermeneutics covers the range of writers and subjects discussed in Thiselton's Hermeneutics."
Hermeneutics as a theory of understanding
The performative nature and function of Isaiah 40-55
There has long been a need for a comprehensive but truly introductory single-authored textbook in theology. By introducing the reader to the biblical, doctrinal and contemporary dimensions of Christianity with the help of illustrated examples from selected primary texts, the book will provide an excellent grounding in theology for both students of the discipline and the general reader. The work will explore key 'tools' for the scientific study of theology, endeavouring both to affirm the rationale behind Christian thinking, and also to familiarize the reader with significant contrary positions. The solid foundations in biblical theology and hermeneutics given in the book will enable students to read Judeo-Christian scripture intelligently. Key testimonies regarding Jesus Christ will be scrutinized and the nature of the New Testament discussed. As well as the emergence of doctrinal orthodoxy and the later disagreements which have shaped contemporary Christianity, the reader will become familiar with the dimensions of current Christian thinking in its dialogue with post-modernity.
Interpretation and analysis : conceptions of the philosophical method in Paul Ricœur's hermeneutics
Beyond being : Gadamer's post-platonic hermeneutical ontology
Semiotics and thematics in hermeneutics
Experiences in theology : ways and forms of Christian theology
Local histories/global designs : coloniality, subaltern knowledges, and border thinking
Sensing the scriptures : Aminadab's chariot and the predicament of biblical interpretation
The truth about God : the Ten Commandments in Christian life
The hermeneutics of christological psalmody in Paul : an intertextual enquiry
Gadamer's dialogical hermeneutic : the hermeneutics of Bultmann, of the New Testament sociologists and of the social theologians in dialogue with Gadamer's hermeneutic
Towards a transformation of philosophy
Narrative perspective in fiction : a phenomenological mediation of reader, text, and world
Hearing the New Testament : strategies for interpretation
Ricoeur, culture, and recognition : a hermeneutic of cultural subjectivity
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
The interpretive turn : philosophy, science, culture
Reading backwards : figural Christology and the fourfold gospel witness
Intentionalist interpretation : a philosophical explanation and defense
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
Iconographic exegesis and Third Isaiah
A Pentecostal hermeneutic : spirit, scripture, and community
Fortress commentary on the bible. The New Testament
Clement's biblical exegesis : proceedings of the Second Colloquium of Clement of Alexandria (Olomouc, May 29-31, 2014)
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
Reception theory and biblical hermeneutics
Hermeneutics as an ecumenical method in the theology of Gerhard Ebeling
Faith in the face of empire : the Bible through Palestinian eyes
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Preaching and the Personal' is a collection of papers that have been presented at the Society of Biblical Literature in sessions sponsored by the Homiletics and Biblical Studies section. The Homiletics and Biblical Studies section encourages dialogue among scholars in both fields who share an interest in critical exegesis, its various methods, and the unique hermeneutical and theological problems inherent to the relationship between biblical interpretation and proclamation. The concept for this book began with the panel discussion ''Preaching and the Personal: Prophecy, Witness and Testimony'' at the 2010 meeting in Atlanta. Each paper explores various ways the personal can be found in the biblical text, in the preacher, and in the congregation.
The hermeneutics of knowing and willing in the thought of St. Thomas Aquinas
Reading material culture : structuralism, hermeneutics and post-structuralism
Selected essays. Vol. 1, Towards a transcendental semiotics
Offenbarung, Tradition and Schriftauslegung : Bausteine zu einer christlichen Bibelhermeneutik
Method and fieldwork in a hermeneutical perspective
A Ricoeur reader : reflection and imagination
Biblical exegesis and the formation of Christian culture
Interpreting together : essays in hermeneutics
Diversity in the structure of Christian reasoning : interpretation, disagreement, and world Christianity
What is true of Scripture as a result of being inspired? What should divine inspiration cause us to expect from it? The answers to these questions in the early church related not just to the nature of Scripture's truth claims but to the manner in which Scripture was to be interpreted. In this book Michael Graves delves into what Christians in the first five centuries believed about the inspiration of Scripture, identifying the ideas that early Christians considered to be logical implications of biblical inspiration. Many books presume to discuss how some current trend relates to the "traditional" view of biblical inspiration; this one actually describes in a detailed and nuanced way what the "traditional" view is and explores the differences between ancient and modern assumptions on the topic.
A Palestinian Christian theologian shows how the reality of empire shapes the context of the biblical story, and the ongoing experience of Middle East conflict.
Translational hermeneutics : the first symposium
Studying user experience of health behavior change support systems:a qualitative approach to individuals’ perceptions of web-based interventions
Phenomenology, interpretation, and community
One of the seminal philosophies of the twentieth century - Hans-Georg Gadamer's philosophical hermeneutics - has had a profound influence on a wide array of fields, including classical philology, theology, the philosophy of the social sciences, literary theory, philosophy of law, critical social theory and the philosophy of art. This collection takes Hans-Georg Gadamer's hermeneutics into yet new fields: the philosophy of medicine, biotechnology, political theory, feminism and the body. And while Gadamer's discussions with Heidegger, Habermas and Derrida are well known, Inheriting Gadamer sets him in dialogue with Gandhi, Waldenfels and others. It also updates the relation of philosophical hermeneutics to critical sociology and a hermeneutics of suspicion. In these ways, the volume holds fast to a Gadamerian virtue: cultivating our important philosophical traditions while embracing the constant need to re-think their meaning in new circumstances and in relation to new knowledge.
Reading the Bible for all the wrong reasons
The Hermeneutic Tradition : From Ast to Ricoeur
Rationality and modernity : essays in philosophical pragmatics
"Local Histories/Global Designs" is an extended argument about the "coloniality" of power by one of the most innovative Latin American and Latino scholars. In a shrinking world where sharp dichotomies, such as East/West and developing/developed, blur and shift, Walter Mignolo points to the inadequacy of current practices in the social sciences and area studies. He explores the crucial notion of "colonial difference" in the study of the modern colonial world and traces the emergence of an epistemic shift, which he calls "border thinking". Further, he expands the horizons of those debates already under way in postcolonial studies of Asia and Africa by dwelling in the genealogy of thoughts of South/Central America, the Caribbean, and Latino/as in the United States. His concept of "border gnosis", or sensing and knowing by dwelling in imperial/colonial borderlands, counters the tendency of occidentalist perspectives to manage, and thus limit, understanding. In a new preface that discusses "Local Histories/Global Designs" as a dialogue with Hegel's Philosophy of History, Mignolo connects his argument with the unfolding of history in the first decade of the twenty-first centu
How to read Bible stories : an introduction to narrative criticism
Texts and traditions : essays in honour of J. Keith Elliot
Inheriting Gadamer : new directions in philosophical hermeneutics
Biblical interpretation and philosophical hermeneutics
The Biblical text in the context of occupation : towards a new hermeneutics of liberation
This book seeks to identify a distinct approach to interpreting Scripture in the New Testament that makes use of assumptions about a text's author or time of composition. Focusing upon the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Acts of the Apostles and the Davidssohnfrage in the Synoptic Gospels, it is argued that in certain cases the meaning of a scriptural text is understood by the New Testament author to be contingent upon its history: that the meaning of a text is found when the identity of its author is taken into account or when its time of origin is considered. This approach to interpretation appears to lack clear precedents in intertestamental and 1st Century exegetical literature, suggesting that it is dependent upon distinctly Christian notions of Heilsgeschichte. The analysis of the Davidssohnfrage suggests also that the origins of this approach to interpretation may be associated with traditions of Jesus' exegetical sayings. A final chapter questions whether an early Christian use of history in the interpretation of Scripture might offer something to contemporary discussion of the continuing relevance of historical criticism.
Text, theology, and trowel : new investigations in the biblical world
Hermeneutics and praxis
Application of rules in new situations : a hermeneutical study
Revelation is a central category in many religions. Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Mormonism or Unificationists are difficult if not impossible to imagine without it. For some, revelation signifies a decisive event in the past, for others it is a present reality. It plays a central role in shaping religious identities, and it is the reason for much criticism. Some follow a religion only because of its claim to divine revelation, whereas others criticize it as "hearsay upon hearsay” (Paine) on which they would never rest their belief. Some religions have built elaborate institutions of priests and privileged interpreters to safeguard their revelation, control access to it and to protect the right way of interpreting and communicating it. But claims to revelation have also been criticized as strategies of self-immunization, which allow religions to avoid critical public debate of their views and teachings, or legitimize the position of those in power. The 33rd Conference of Philosophy of Religion at Claremont Graduate University in 2012 addressed these complex issues by concentrating on three areas of debate: I. Revelation and Reason, II. Hermeneutics of Revelation, III. Phenomenology of Revelation. Contributors: William J. Abraham, Marlene Block, John D. Caputo, Thomas Carlson, Ingolf U. Dalferth, Stephen T. Davis, Oona Eisenstadt, James L. Fredericks, Kirsten Gerdes, Eric E. Hall, Joshua Kira, Jeff Murico, Bruce Paolozzi, George Pattison, Michael Ch. Rodgers, Claudia Welz.
Hermeneutics and reflection : Heidegger and Husserl on the concept of phenomenology
Sufi hermeneutics : the Qurʾan commentary of Rashīd al-Dīn Maybudī
Text, Theology, and Trowel consists of ten essays on the understanding and reception of the Hebrew Bible in Judaism and Christianity. Textual exegesis, historical contexts, and modern reception of the Hebrew text are placed side by side to encourage interdisciplinary study. Two theologically minded essays are included to help overcome the biblical studies/theology dichotomy. By placing such divergent approaches together, this volume will help expand ways of thinking about the Bible and its cognate fields.
Study on the authority of the Bible
Hermeneutics : an introduction
Conflict and context : Hermeneutics in the Americas : A report on The Context and Hermeneutics in the Americas Conference sponsored by Theological Students Fellowsip and the Latin American Theological Fraternity. Tlayacapan, Mexico, November 24-29, 1983 ; Mark Lau Branson, C. René Padilla (ed.)
Although scholars employ pictorial material in biblical exegesis, the question of how images from the Ancient Near East can contribute to a better understanding of the Bible has been left unanswered. This is the first monograph to outline a historical method for iconographic exegesis. The methodological study includes both responses to important theoretical questions such as "What is an image?" and "What is culture?" and an interdisciplinary exploration of issues of history, art history, archaeology and cultural anthropology.
On textual understanding and other essays
Reason in the age of science
The hermeneutics of African philosophy : horizon and discourse
Interaction for knowledge creation : a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
About interpretation : from Plato to Dilthey - a hermeneutic anthology
Temple and contemplation : God's presence in the cosmos, church, and human heart
Plurality and ambiguity : hermeneutics, religion, hope
This monograph challenges the extremes of faith-based theological approaches and value-free historical-critical methods by pursuing the middle path of philosophical hermeneutics. Drawing on Eastern and Western philosophy, the author proposes original interpretive solutions to the Akedah, Jeremiah and other biblical texts. Readers will also gain fresh insights into problems of monotheism, religious faith and identity, suffering and modern ethics.
Acts of God in history : studies towards recovering a theological historiography
The use and abuse of the Bible : a brief history of biblical interpretation
Gadamer and the question of understanding : between Heidegger and Derrida
The word in this world : essays in New Testament exegesis and theology
Theological hermeneutics : development and significance
Milton's secrecy : and philosophical hermeneutics
What is Bible?
The basic views of C. G. Jung in the light of hermeneutic metascience
Exegesis and hermeneutics in the churches of the East : select papers from the SBL Meeting in San Diego, 2007
Hermeneutics and the rhetorical tradition : chapters in the ancient legacy & its humanist reception
Martin Luther once said, »Many of the Fathers have loved and praised the Book of Psalms above all other books of the Bible. No books of moral tales and no legends of saints which have been written, or ever will be, are to my mind as noble as the Book of Psalms ...« Despite their richness, the Psalms also raise some interpretive challenges. How do we read such difficult passages as the one which advocates the violent destruction of one's enemies? Are we to ignore these and embrace only those that edify us? This collection of essays by renowned international scholars addresses such issues as the history and contemporary Lutheran and ecumenical interpretations of Psalms and provides valuable interpretive insights for theologians, biblical scholars, pastors, counselors and students.With contributions by Lubomir Batka, Andrea Bieler, Brian Brock, Hans-Peter Großhans, Elelwani B. Farisani, Jutta Hausmann, Anni Hentschel, Frank-Lothar Hossfeld, Craig R. Koester, Madipoane Masenya, Karl-Wilhelm Niebuhr, Urmas Nommik, Roger Wanke and Vitor Westhelle. [Das Lied des Herrn in der Fremde singen. Psalmen in zeitgenössischer lutherischer Interpretation] Ungeachtet ihres Reichtums werfen die Psalmen auch Fragen der Interpretation auf. Wie sollen wir Sätze verstehen, in denen die Vernichtung von Feinden begrüßt wird? Sollen wir sie ignorieren und nur die uns aufbauenden Passagen zur Kenntnis nehmen? Diese Aufsatzsammlung bekannter internationaler Wissenschaftler spricht solche Fragen der Interpretation im historischen und gegenwärtigen lutherischen und ökumenischen Kontext an und liefert wichtige Einsichten für Theologen, Bibelwissenschaftler, Pfarrer, Seelsorger und Studenten.
Ears that hear : explorations in theological interpretation of the Bible
Contemporary biblical hermeneutics : an introduction
Fortress commentary on the bible. The Old Testament and Apocrypha
Hermeneutics : an introduction to interpretive theory
From a transcendental-semiotic point of view
The gift of love
Run, David, run! : an investigation of the theological speech acts of David's departure and return (2 Samuel 14-20)
Systems of musical sense : essays on the analysis, semiotics, and hermeneutics of music
The gospel image of Christ : the church & modern criticism
A treasure in earthen vessels : an instrument for an ecumenical reflection on hermeneutics
The hermeneutics of postmodernity : figures and themes
The hermeneutic imagination : outline of a positive critique of scientism and sociology
Ideas for a hermeneutic phenomenology of the natural sciences
The claim that the events of Jesus' life, death, and resurrection took place 'according to the Scriptures' stands at the heart of the New Testament's earliest message. All four canonical Gospels declare that the Torah, Prophets and Psalms mysteriously prefigure Jesus. In this ground-breaking new book, Hays traces the strategies the Gospel writers employ to 'read backwards', showing how the Old Testament figuratively discloses the astonishing truth about Jesus' identity. Written by one of the world's most widely respected writers on the New Testament Shows how a close reading of the Gospels points unmistakably to an early belief in the divinity of Jesus' identity -- Review: 'Hays opens new and striking vistas on texts we thought we knew - and, particularly, on the early church's remarkable belief in Jesus as the embodiment of Israel's God.' N. T. Wright 'Few people are better qualified than Hays to take us right inside the ways the Gospels interpret the Old Testament. And, as though that were not enough for one short book, his hermeneutical quest also delivers a christological result. He shows how, precisely in their reading of the Old Testament, each of the Gospels in its own distinctive way presents Jesus as the very embodiment of the God of Israel. Intertextuality and high christology turn out to be two sides of a coin.' Richard Bauckham, Emeritus Professor, University of St Andrews.
Reading Ricoeur
Provoked to speech : biblical hermeneutics as conversation
Reconstitution of social work : towards a moral conception of social work practice
The inspiration and interpretation of scripture : what the early church can teach us
Singing the songs of the Lord in foreign lands : Psalms in contemporary Lutheran interpretation
Hermeneutics and criticism and other writings
Style in the translation process : a description of the translation process of two short  stories by Carol Shields
The changing shape of form criticism : a relational approach
