http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9693 family estates
family estates
"Intergenerational Space offers insight into the transforming relationships between younger and older members of contemporary societies. The chapter selection brings together scholars from around the world in order to address pressing questions both about the nature of contemporary generational divisions as well as the complex ways in which members of different generations are (and can be) involved in each other's lives. These questions include: how do particular kinds of spaces and spatial arrangements (e.g. cities, neighbourhoods, institutions, leisure sites) facilitate and limit intergenerational contact and encounters? What processes and spaces influence the intergenerational negotiation and contestation of values, beliefs, and social memory, producing patterns of both continuity and change? And if generational separation and segregation are in fact significant social problems across a range of contexts--as a significant body of research and commentary attests--how can this be ameliorated? The chapters in this collection make original contributions to these debates drawing on original research from Belgium, China, Finland, Poland, Senegal, Singapore, Tanzania, Uganda, the United States and the United Kingdom."--
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 1, Episode 1-22
The shepherd's life : a tale of the Lake District
Haunted spaces
Music, gender, education
House of joy
Gendered classroom practices and teachers' attitudes towards gender in lower secondary school EFL classes
Essays on labour demand and wage formation
A place of their own : family farming in eastern Finland
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Walking in cities : quotidian mobility as urban theory, method, and practice
Okalinnut : The thorn birds
Fear of violence and gendered power relations : responses to threat in public space in Sweden
Partnership relation quality modulates the effects of work-stress on health
Family tree
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Social phobia and depression in adolescence in general population : concurrent associations and 2 year follow up
Gendered spaces
Annie Harlow seems to have it all, a handsome husband and their fabulous life in Manhattan. But all of that is snatched away when she is involved is a life-changing accident. Awakening from a coma a year later, Annie finds that the life she knew has crumbled away. In the throes of grief, Annie grasps her new reality - she has to start over from scratch, which means heading home to the family farm. Annie couldn't wait to escape the small town where she grew up, but now she finds herself warming to the close-knit community and its homespun values. There's also a face from the distant past - Donovan Lynch - and all the reasons she's never quite forgotten him come flooding back. Annie expects to pull herself together and return to the city, but fate has other plans and she's about to discover why there really is no place like home...
The invisible fl창neuse? : gender, public space, and visual culture in nineteenth-century Paris
BodySpace : destabilizing geographies of gender and sexuality
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Homes in transformation : dwelling, moving, belonging
"To farm or not to farm" : gendered paths to succession and inheritance
The inheritance
Sexual selection and the influence of environmental factors on operational sex ratios in the sand goby
Intergeneration farm transfers : a study of intergeneration farm transfers within families in Finland
Healthier together? : social capital, health behaviour and health
Gendered mobilities
Action research for gender equity
Landscapes, gender, and ritual space : the ancient Greek experience
Theorizing intersectionality and sexuality
Putting women in place : feminist geographers make sense of the world
Determinants of farmer retirement and farm succession in Finland
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 3, Episode 45-74
English summary: Health status and health behaviour : gender and social class differences among young people.
Peace, love and misunderstanding
For love of the "Heimat" : estate owners' remigration as a regional resource in Mecklenburg
Abstract: Wrong-aged mothers? : age and social conditions of motherhood.
Gender and authority : classroom diplomacy at German and American universities
Boundary Lines
Although climate change affects everybody it is not gender neutral. It has significant social impacts and magnifies existing inequalities such as the disparity between women and men in their vulnerability and ability to cope with this global phenomenon. This new textbook, edited by one of the authors of the seminal "Women and the Environment in the Third World: Alliance for the Future" (1988) which first exposed the links between environmental degradation and unequal impacts on women, provides a comprehensive introduction to gender aspects of climate change. Over 35 authors have contributed to the book. It starts with a short history of the thinking and practice around gender and sustainable development over the past decades. Next it provides a theoretical framework for analyzing climate change manifestations and policies from the perspective of gender and human security. Drawing on new research, the actual and potential effects of climate change on gender equality and women's vulnerabilities are examined, both in rural and urban contexts. This is illustrated with a rich range of case studies from all over the world and valuable lessons are drawn from these real experiences. Too often women are primarily seen as victims of climate change, and their positive roles as agents of change and contributors to livelihood strategies are neglected. The book disputes this characterization and provides many examples of how women around the world organize and build resilience and adapt to climate change and the role they are playing in climate change mitigation. The final section looks at how far gender mainstreaming in climate mitigation and adaptation has advanced, the policy frameworks in place and how we can move from policy to effective action. Accompanied by a wide range of references and key resources, this book provides students and professionals with an essential, comprehensive introduction..
Essays on development : household income, education, and female political participation and representation
Space, place and gender
The Brothers
Gendered rural spaces
Portraits of peer violence in public space : experiences from young people in four localities in Europe
The health, work ability and healthcare needs of Finnish female prisoners
Keeping it in the family : international perspectives on succession and retirement on family farms
Space, text and gender : an anthropological study of the Marakwet of Kenya
Non-discrimination law : comparative perspectives
The farm family business
Voices in the street : explorations in gender, media, and public space
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Spaces of masculinities
A place apart : an anthropological study of the Icelandic world
This is the first book to focus on the role of education in relation to music and gender. Invoking a concept of musical patriarchy and a theory of the social construction of musical meaning, Lucy Green shows how women's musical practices and gendered musical meanings have been reproduced, hand-in-hand, through history. Dr. Green views the contemporary school music classroom as a microcosm of the wider society, and reveals the participation of music education in the continued production and reproduction of gendered musical practices and meanings.
Feminisms in geography : rethinking space, place, and knowledges
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 8, Episode 203-224
The irrelevance of stated plans in predicting farm successions in Finland
Sage handbook of gender and education
Sex in public : women, outdoor advertising and public policy
The brothers
Essays on the intergenerational transmission of disadvantage : the role of prenatal health and fertility
Don't  touch! : the educational story of a panic
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 2, Episode 23-44
Tales from a Suburban Campus : Perceiving, experiencing and (re)producing space in a context of gender, fear and resistance
Masculinities and violence in youth cultures
Intercultural communication : a reader
Gender and climate change : an introduction
The new egalitarianism
The users of hypnotics and anxiolytics in Denmark and Finland
Eedenist채 it채채n : East of Eden
Generational Transition on a Farm
World youth report 2003 : the global situation of young people
Gender, participation, and silence in the language classroom : sh-shushing the girls
Intergenerational space
Between rocks and hard places : ideological dilemmas in men's talk about health and gender
Mapping gendered routes and spaces in the early modern world
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
Summary.
Silent Cry
Foal's bread
Space invaders : race, gender and bodies out of place
The human right to a green future : environmental rights and intergenerational justice
Campari for breakfast
Advanced health assessment of women : clinical skills and procedures
Social geographies : space and society
Thyroid function in the elderly and sex hormones in elderly men : reference intervals and associations with health
Physical activity and sleep profiles in Finnish men and women
Global change and sexual dimorphism in two Salicaceous species
New perspectives from Japan and China
