http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9707 fog
fog
A study of fog : with special reference to Southern Finland
Studies on fogs in relation to fog-preventing forest
Admiralty list of lights and fog signals. Volume D 2005/06, Eastern Atlantic Ocean, Western Indian Ocean and Arabian Sea from Goulet de Brest southward, including off-lying islands, to longitude 68° east
Strange sails on the Saimaa : aspects of Ferdinand von Wright's Landscape in the morning mist
The cosmic gallery : the most beautiful images of the universe
SOFOS : a new satellite-based operational fog observation scheme
Admiralty list of lights and fog signals. Volume B 2005/2006, Southern and Eastern sides of the North Sea, including the coast of Norway to latitude 60° 55'N
Fresh views of elliptical galaxies : proceedings of the INAOE International Meeting held in Pueblo, Mexico, 14-17 March 1995
The foggy, foggy forest
A study of the [eta] Carinae region
Harvesting Condensed Water in Dry Areas
Astrophysics : nuclear transformations, stellar interiors, and nebulae
Connector reliability testing using salt spray
Two views on interstellar dust : near-infrared scattering and polarized thermal dust emission
Observations and radiative transfer modelling of clumpy molecular clouds
Atoms, stars and nebulae
Fog removal in the declines of underground mines in sub-arctic regions
Hurricane & tornado
Ancient light : a portrait of the universe
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 7, Nebulae and interstellar matter
The lighthouses of the world, coast fog signals, and tides : with introductory chapters
Finnish children's and youth books. 10
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 7, Nebulae and interstellar matter : edited by Barbara M. Middlehurst and Lawrence H. Aller
The cosmic gallery
Ethnographical survey of the Miskito and Sumu Indians of Honduras and Nicaragua
The physics of the interstellar medium
Asymmetrical planetary nebulae II : from origins to microstructures : proceedings of a conference held at Massachusetts, USA, 3-6 August 1999
Best of 1999-2009
Comprehending and decoding the cosmos : discovering solutions to over s dozen cosmic mysteries by utilizing dark matter relationism, cosmology and astrophysics
New children's and youth books
Admiralty list of lights and fog signals. Volume 100 2005/2006, Baltic Sea including Kattegat, Belts and Sound
The diverse enterprises of Šumu-Ukin from Babylon
The ice lands
The sun and stars
The universe explained to my grandchildren
A description and list of the lighthouses of the world
Fog, smog and poisoned rain
Eksynyt : Akseli Gallen-Kallelan varhaisrealistisen teoksen analysointia = Lost : analysis of one of Akseli Gallen-Kallela's early realist works / Arja Karivieri. Ateneum 100 : concordia res parvae crescunt / Marjatta Levanto. Vieras alus Saimaan vesillä : näkökohtia Ferdinand von Wrightin Maisemaan aamusumussa = Strange sails on the Saimaa : aspects of Ferdinand von Wright's Landscape in the Morning Mist
"This book brings together the finest collection available of star clusters, galaxies, nebulae and other such spectacular phenomena caught on film. Each beautiful image, made from a series of delicate yet rich platinum prints, is accompanied by a clear and engaging caption. Malin's short texts (approximately 100 words) describe the depicted phenomena and some of the mythology surrounding them. The book is divided into nine sections, using the constellations as a framework to identify the positions of the images in the sky. Each section is introduced by a short text describing the featured constellations and a celestial map. In his introductory essay, Malin outlines the history and importance of photographing the night sky, describing how very long exposures taken with a telescope reveal stars and distant galaxies too faint to be seen by the eye. By studying galaxies, we learn about our origins and perhaps our destiny and, the origins of the ingredients of life and the destinies of stars like the Sun and the planets associated with them. Much of our current knowledge on these subjects was gleaned from black and white photographs like those in this book, which were originally taken for scientific purposes. Using the world's most sophisticated telescopes and his own revolutionary techniques, Malin brings us awe-inspiring images of distant worlds and amazing phenomena. He is a pioneer of space photography and has invented new ways of capturing the unseen universe on photographic plates, leading to the discovery of two new types of galaxies. His photographs capture light that has traveled immense distances, sometimes thousands of light years, to reach us."
