http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9705 readiness for school
readiness for school
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Far away from the tigers : a year in the classroom with internationally adopted children
I compagni : understanding children's transition from preschool to elementary school
The family context of parenting in children's adaptation to elementary school
Learning to belong : exploring young children's participation at the start of school
Developmentalism in early childhood and middle grades education : critical conversations on readiness and responsiveness
Starting school : young children learning cultures
Physical development and school readiness of children in transition from preschool to school
The feeling child : laying the foundations of confidence and resilience
Mental health and going to school : the Woodlawn program of assessment, early intervention, and evaluation
Self-esteem and early learning : key people from birth to school
Exploring education and childhood : from current certainties to new visions
Psychoeducational assessment of preschool children
Sustainable development, culture, education : articles in early childhood education
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
School readiness : behavior tests used at the Gesell institute
Project spectrum : preschool assessment handbook
Evidence-based practices and programs for early childhood care and education
Ready for what? : constructing meanings of readiness for kindergarten
School readiness : behavior tests used at the Gesell Institute
Criteria of school readiness : factor structure, predictive value and environmental influences
"What should be the relationship between early childhood and compulsory education? What can they learn from one another and by working together? The rapid expansion of early childhood education and care means that most children in affluent countries now have several years at pre-school before compulsory education. This raises an important question about the relationship between the two. Whilst it's widely assumed that the former should prepare children for the latter, there are alternatives. This book contests the 'readying for school' relationship as neither self-evident nor unproblematic; and explores some alternative relationships, including a strong and equal partnership and the vision of a meeting place. In this ground-breaking book, Professor Peter Moss discusses the issue with leading early childhood figures - from Belgium, France, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden and the United States - who bring very different perspectives to this contentious relationship. The book starts with an extended essay by Peter Moss, to which the other contributors are invited to respond critically, as well as offering their own thinking about the relationship between early childhood and compulsory education, both their current understandings and suggestions on future directions. Students, researchers and academics in the field of early childhood education will find this an insightful and timely text. But so too will their peers in compulsory education, since the book time and again raises searching questions about pedagogical purpose and practice in this sector"--
On the success of failure : a reassessment of the effects of retention in the primary grades
Informing transitions in the early years : research, policy and practice
Self-esteem and early learning
Learning through language in early childhood
Contemporary debates in childhood education and development
"Education has become dominated by testing, standards, interventions, strategies and political policy. Yet while elements such as these are important, Exploring Education and Childhood contends it is childhood - including its sociology and psychology - that is the vital holistic context for teaching and learning. Written by a team of specialists who bring experience of classroom teaching, teacher training, and of rigorous research and scholarship, each chapter examines a topic that is of vital importance to teaching and the work of teachers. The book explores examples of educational practice that illuminate contemporary problems and future possibilities for education; develops educational theory to better understand practice and policy; and critically evaluates education policy in the international context. With an emphasis on reflection and deep thinking - something that all the best teachers are able to do - key issues in the book include: - the voice of the child - metacognitive strategies - agency, pedagogy and curriculum - performativity, standards, and school readiness - educational settings and new technology - teacher expertise and agency - diversity and child agency - families, society and school choice. Illustrated with powerful examples of practice, together with key questions for reflection and further reading, Exploring Education and Childhood challenges education professionals, policy makers, and all people with an interest in education to envision a new future. It will be essential reading for all student teachers and teachers, and is particularly appropriate for Masters-level research, professional studies and Education Studies"--
The transition to kindergarten
Long-term outcome after pediatric renal transplantation : endocrinologic and metabolic effects
Children starting school : a guide to successful transitions and transfers for teachers and assistants
Teaching the 3 Cs : creativity, curiosity, and courtesy : activities that build a foundation for success
Tests for assessing the child's school readiness and general development. Trial of the tests on the samples of pre-school children and first-grade students in Estonia
Children's minds
Preschool assessment : principles and practices
School readiness and the transition to kindergarten in the era of accountability
Early childhood and compulsory education : reconceptualising the relationship
Testing students with disabilities : practical strategies for complying with district and state requirements
International perspectives on transition to school : reconceptualising beliefs, policy and practice
Self-regulation and early school success
Baseline assessment : a review of current practice, issues and strategies for effective implementation : an OMEP (UK) report
This book examines what school readiness entails and how it can be improved. Compelling longitudinal findings are presented on the benefits of early intervention for preschoolers at risk due to poverty and other factors. The volume identifies the cognitive, language, behavioral, motor, and socioemotional skills that enable young children to function successfully in school contexts. It explores specific ways in which school- and family-based interventions--including programs that target reading and language, math, self-regulation, and social-emotional development--can contribute to school readiness. The book also addresses challenges in the large-scale dissemination of evidence-based practices. Subject Areas/Keywords: academic performance, child care, developmental psychology, early childhood education, evidence-based practices, interventions, literacy, mathematics, prekindergarten, preschool programs, school readiness, self-regulation, social-emotional development.
Arts contact points between cultures : 1st International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
Physical competence as a part of school readiness based on the texts written by school starters' parents
Successful kindergarten transition : your guide to connecting children, families & schools
Children's learning from educational television : Sesame Street and beyond
Childhood self-regulation, academic achievement, and occupational attainment
Promoting school readiness and early learning : implications of developmental research for practice
Supporting transitions in the early years
Achievement in the first 2 years of school : patterns and processes
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 2 : curriculum issues in early childhood education
Preventing early learning failure
Summary in Estonian.
Preschool screening : identifying young children with developmental and educational problems
Interprofessional collaboration in supporting transition to school
Ready or not : an ethnographic case study of transition to school
Under-fives in the infant classroom
The promise of Pre-K
Growing into reading : how readiness for reading develops at home and at school
Starting school : from separation to independence : a guide for early childhood teachers
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
