http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9706 readiness for learning
readiness for learning
Reaching standards and beyond in kindergarten : nurturing children's sense of wonder and joy in learning
Early childhood assessment : why, what, and how
Divergence and convergence in education and work
Smart moves : why learning is not all in your head
Too much, too soon? : early learning and the erosion of childhood
Starting school : young children learning cultures
Lapsuuden puutarhassa = I barndomens lustgård = In the garden of childhood
Education in Africa. 2, Indigenous forms of learning in Africa
Contemporary perspectives in literacy in early childhood education
Addressing learning disabilities and difficulties : how to reach and teach every student
Children achieving : best practices in early literacy
Interactions in the classroom : facilitating play in the early years
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Early years foundations : meeting the challenge
Planning an appropriate curriculum for the under fives
Classroom assessment and research : an update on uses, approaches, and research findings
Education in Africa. 2, Indigenous forms of lerning in Africa
Essential Study Skills is a guide for every student wanting to achieve success at university. Packed with study tips and handy activities, this study skills handbook shows you step-by-step how to study effectively and make the best of your time - whatever level you're at. Whether you are going to university straight from school, a mature student, or an overseas student studying in the UK for the first time, you'll find out how to: -Sail through those tricky first weeks -Get the most out of lectures by understanding how you learn -Learn techniques for academic writing and research -Pass exams with flying colours -Stay cool and cope with stress. This edition features three brand new chapters including how to produce a dissertation, planning your career and focussing on building relationships with lecturers and other students to help you get ahead. Also launching with this new edition is an improved and expanded companion website.
Promoting school readiness and early learning : implications of developmental research for practice
Music and singing
Kidwatching : documenting children's literacy development
The IQ FORM-tool : an information technology-based instrument for supporting effective learning in higher education
Disorders of learning in childhood
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
Developmentalism in early childhood and middle grades education : critical conversations on readiness and responsiveness
Peak with books : an early childhood resource for balanced literacy
Early reading instruction : what science really tells us about how to teach reading
The learning revolution : a lifelong learning programme for the world's finest computer: your amazing brain
Sustainable development, culture, education : articles in early childhood education
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Perspectives on knowledge creating inquiry in higher education
How to teach thinking and learning skills : a practical programme for the whole school
International perspectives on transition to school : reconceptualising beliefs, policy and practice
Fully illustrated, the book draws on the authors' many years of practical work and offers techniques and activities used to help children develop their learning with a focus on: development of learning tools; working with parents; language and communication; behaviour and emotional development; and, integration of learning into everyday life.
Baseline assessment : a review of current practice, issues and strategies for effective implementation : an OMEP (UK) report
Ladders to literacy : a kindergarten activity book
Displays and interest tables
Facilitating preschool literacy
100 ideas for teaching communication, language and literacy
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Every child can learn : using learning tools and play to help children with developmental delay
Moderate learning difficulties and the future of inclusion
This book examines what school readiness entails and how it can be improved. Compelling longitudinal findings are presented on the benefits of early intervention for preschoolers at risk due to poverty and other factors. The volume identifies the cognitive, language, behavioral, motor, and socioemotional skills that enable young children to function successfully in school contexts. It explores specific ways in which school- and family-based interventions--including programs that target reading and language, math, self-regulation, and social-emotional development--can contribute to school readiness. The book also addresses challenges in the large-scale dissemination of evidence-based practices. Subject Areas/Keywords: academic performance, child care, developmental psychology, early childhood education, evidence-based practices, interventions, literacy, mathematics, prekindergarten, preschool programs, school readiness, self-regulation, social-emotional development.
The promise of response to intervention : evaluating current science and practice
Learning disability : a life cycle approach to valuing people
Supporting children's learning in the early years
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
What's in the picture? : responding to illustrations in picture books
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 2, Overcoming social background : equity in learning opportunities and outcomes
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
Key concepts in learning disabilities
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Literacy, culture, and development : becoming literate in Morocco
Towards reading : literacy development in the pre-school years
Facing learning disabilities in the adult years
Understanding RTI in mathematics : proven methods and applications
How to succeed at university : an essential guide to academic skills and personal development
Testing students with disabilities : practical strategies for complying with district and state requirements
Understanding learning disabilities : the sourcebook for causes, disorders, and treatments
Recognising early literacy development : assessing children's achievements
The complete learning disabilities handbook : ready-to-use strategies & activities for teaching students with learning disabilities
Music in Childhood : From preschool through the elementary grades
Children's learning from educational television : Sesame Street and beyond
Access for all : closing the book gap for children in early education
The feeling child : laying the foundations of confidence and resilience
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
How to nurture young children's well-being and learning to reverse the erosion of childhood? Children's lives have been speeded up by commercialisation, 'adultification', and the government's 'nappy curriculum' which 'schoolifies' them and pushes quasi-formal learning too soon. Now, in twenty-three hard-hitting chapters, leading educators, researchers, policy makers and parents advocate alternative ways ahead for slowing childhood, better policy-making and, above all, the 'right learning at the right time' in children's growth, learning when they are developmentally ready.
Children's play : the roots of reading
Adapting instruction to individual differences
On the success of failure : a reassessment of the effects of retention in the primary grades
How to promote learning to learn the first foreign language : piloting the common European framework of reference in Finnish schools
Assessing & Reporting on habits of mind
Homo zappiens : growing up in a digital age
Improving low reading ages in the secondary school : practical strategies for learning support
Multifaceted assessment for early childhood education
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Identifying special needs : checklists for profiling individual differences
Communication and handicap : report of EASE 80 : Congress for Special Education 4.-8.8.1980 Finland
Education in Africa. Vol. 2, Indigenous forms of learning in Africa
Teaching the 3 Cs : creativity, curiosity, and courtesy : activities that build a foundation for success
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Supporting early learning : the way forward
Person-centred active support : a handbook
Essential study skills : the complete guide to success at university
Literacy development in the early years : helping children read and write
Literalität, Grundbildung oder Lesekompetenz? : Beiträge zu einer Theorie-Praxis-Diskussion = Literacy, basic education or reading competencies? : aspects of a discussion between theory and practice
The writing classroom : aspects of writing and the primary child 3-1
The right stuff for children birth to 8 : selecting play materials to support development
Far away from the tigers : a year in the classroom with internationally adopted children
The alphabet connection : a parent's and teacher's guide to beginning reading and writing
Staying safe at school
School readiness and the transition to kindergarten in the era of accountability
Early literacy instruction in kindergarten
