http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9701 predictability
predictability
Bursts : the hidden pattern behind everything we do
Speciality paper mill supply operations in different demand situations
The predictors of success in music schools
Beyond mechanical markets : asset price swings, risk, and the role of the state
Factors associated with susceptibility to and outcome of bacteraemia with reference to Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae,ß-haemolytic streptococcus and Escherichia coli bacteraemias
Predicting stock returns : the case of the Nigerian stock exchange
Return sign forecasting through volatility dynamics : Forecasting ability and economic value
Ambulatory blood pressure and blood pressure responses to tests in predicting future blood pressure level and left ventricular mass after 10 years of follow-up
Antisocial personality disorder and it's precursor conduct disorder : associated with the same neurological soft signs?
Early development and adult cognitive function in schizophrenia and the general population : a longitudinal perspective
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
Education and mental disorders : a 31-year follow-up in the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort
Abstract.
Bankruptcy prediction using fuzzy methods
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Causation, prediction, and search
Sampling uncertainties in ensemble weather forecasting
The prognostic power of the clinical exercise test
Type 1 diabetes is considered to be a T cell-mediated autoimmune disease characterized by destruction of the pancreatic beta cells. Its prediction is currently based on diabetes-associated autoantibodies, giving a cumulative risk of 84% during 15 years of follow-up since seroconversion. Prediction of the timing of clinical onset has remained challenging, however. This thesis examines glucose metabolism in autoantibody-positive children with a high risk of developing type 1 diabetes. Out of a total of 14,876 children with an increased genetic risk followed up from birth in the Finnish DIPP study, 567 developed ≥2 autoantibodies during the follow-up and 255 of these (45%) were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes until the end of December 2011. The glucose parameters measured were HbA1c, OGTT and random plasma glucose with 3 to 12 months interval. Seven-day continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) was performed on an age and sex-matched cohort. We showed that rising HbA1c, impaired glucose tolerance in OGTT, random plasma glucose values of ≥7.8mmol/l and potentially CGM can predict type 1 diabetes with a median time to diagnosis of approximately one year. Our results suggest that especially HbA1c and random plasma glucose are cost-effective and improve the prediction of diabetes. These markers may be useful for monitoring the response to treatment in prevention studies.
Lecturing birds on flying : can mathematical theories destroy the financial markets?
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Fertility of frozen-thawed stallion semen cannot be predicted by the currently used laboratory methods
Vulnerability signs of mental disorders in adoptees with genetic liability to schizophrenia and their controls measured with Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory
Predicting financial distress using neural networks : another episode to the serial?
A companion to economic forecasting
Glucose metabolism in preclinical type 1 diabetes
Examination of the real estate market under connnnsidering demographic changes and finding sustainable approaches
Life expectancy and adult mortality in industrialised countries
The knowledge elite and the failure of prophecy
MCMC analysis of dynamical models in epidemics : cholera as a case study
Predicting takeover targets by published data
Inference and prediction in large dimensions
The use of antipsychotic medication and its association with outcomes and brain morphometry in schizophrenia : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
The predictive power of financial markets : essays on the relationship between the stock market and real economic activity
Early mother-infant interaction : determinants and predictivity
Evaluating and improving demand forecast practices for B2B and B2C sectors
Development of project cost reporting and forecasting in an embedded systems R&D company
Return predictability of the Ghana stock exchange : empirical evidence and implications
Common intrinsic forecasting methods : hotel room demand forecasting case Sokos Hotel Vaakuna
Gelatinases, their tissue inhibitors and p53 in lymphomas
Physical activity as a predictor of disability and social and health service use in older people
The attack of the unexpected : a quide to surprises and uncertainty
Age-adjustment of incidence rates in cancer epidemiology
Mass advertising as social forecast : a method for futures research
Scenario planning : the link between future and strategy
Forecasting crude oil market volatility : test of symmetric and asymmetric garch-type models
Weekly predictability of daily returns : a periodic autoregressive model approach
Volatility forecasting and the efficiency of the finnish opiton index market
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Entrance examinations as gatekeepers
Optimizing Forecasting Techniques for Procurement Savings : The Case of BuyIn GmbH
Prediction in forensic and neuropsychology : sound statistical practices
Separation process modelling : highlighting the predictive capabilities of the models and the robustness of the solving strategies
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Teacher expectations and pupil learning
Predictability in stock returns : momentum effect and trading volume in finnish stock market
Predictive value of health-related fitness tests on mobility difficulties in high-functioning older adults
Dynamics of cardiac repolarization during exercise : rate-dependence and prognostic significance
Pygmalion in the classroom : teacher expectation and pupils' intellectual development
Identification and assessment
The problem of induction: the presuppositions revisited
Cardiac hypertrophy is an adaptive response to increased cardiac workload. It is initially beneficial, since it helps to maintain cardiac output, but ultimately it is considered as an independent predictor for heart failure and sudden cardiac death. The cardiac hypertrophic response is triggered by mechanical and neurohumoral stimuli and is associated with the activation of complex changes in gene programming and intracellular signaling pathways. The purpose of this study was to investigate the expression of some novel load-induced factors i.e. melusin, thrombospondin (TSP)-1 and -4 and LIM and cysteine-rich domains protein 1 (LMCD1)/dyxin during the hypertrophic response. Melusin was expressed in cardiac tissue both in the atria and ventricles, furthermore its expression was very rapidly activated in response to multiple hypertrophic stimuli predominantly in the left atria. Melusin gene expression was activated when cultured cardiac myocytes were subjected to mechanical stretch or hypertrophic agonists such as endothelin-1 or angiotensin (Ang II). TSP-1 and TSP-4 gene expressions were rapidly activated at an early stage of pressure overload. Myocardial infarction (MI) induced the expression of both TSP-4 and TSP-1 mRNA in the heart. TSP-4 may also be an endothelial cell-specific marker of pressure overload since its expression was limited to endothelial cells in the adult heart. The expression of LMCD1/dyxin was found to be induced during the cardiac hypertrophic response and after MI. By itself, mechanical load was a critical regulator of LMCD1/dyxin gene expression. LMCD1/dyxin is a putative novel p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) target since adenovirus-mediated overexpression of p38 MAPK upregulated LMCD1/dyxin expression. In addition, during the Ang II-induced pressure overload p38 MAPK phosphorylation levels correlated with the early induction of LMCD1/dyxin expression.In conclusion, this study provides new information on the expression of melusin, TSP-1 and -4 and LMCD1/dyxin in the cardiac hypertrophic response. Early induction of their gene expression may represent an initial step in the adaptive and protective remodeling processes following increased workload in the heart.
Development of purchasing parameters : Pernod Ricard Finland Oy
Dupuytren's disease is a Caucasian male-dominant disease that affects the palmar fascia. Incidence grows with age, but persons with strong diathesis seem to develop the disease at an earlier age than the majority of the diseased. Myofibroblasts are histopathologically the main cell type in DD tissue. Despite scientific research, the aetiology of the disease is still unrevealed. Only genetic susceptibility is generally accepted as predisposing to DD. Available treatment has thus far been unsatisfactory, because only symptoms can be cured to date.The disease recurs. With genetic susceptibility the recurrence rates are high (even up to 70%) and the time to recurrence is inevitably shorter. This behaviour is considered the aggressive type of DD. To be able to predict the behaviour of DD, whether it is an aggressive or conventional type, twenty-one Dupuytren samples were gathered and compared with five controls by means of immunohistochemical stainings. It was found that cellularity was better expresented in aggressive and recurred samples. Alfa-SMA and Ki-67 showed more activity in the aggressive tissue type of DD. Tenascin was vaguely expressed in aggressive-type samples.To compare the gene and protein expressions and to obtain a more profound understanding of the disease, a microarray technique was used. With a microarray it is possible to compare nucleotide pair hybridisations to resolve the genome of the tissues. In this study RT-PCR was used to examine mRNA levels to determine gene expression changes. Twelve DD palmar fascia samples were compared with three healthy control samples. Both myoglobin and ROR2, which we considered as the most valuable results, were found in the DD samples. ROR2 acts as a receptor or co-receptor for the Wnt system. The Wnt signalling pathway transfers signals from outside of the cell through cell surface receptors, and plays a significant role in proliferation processes such as in fibrotic conditions. To evaluate a possible chromosomal imbalance behind the aetiology of the disease, eighteen DD palmar fascia samples were compared with two reference samples. However, we were not able to detect any chromosomal imbalance in the DD samples. The method used was Oligonucleotide aCGH Agilent's 60-mer oligonucleotide-based microarray according to the manufacturer's instructions, which can reveal gains and losses of approximately 35 kilobases in the whole genome. The result does not exclude copy number changes entirely; a small presence of aberrant cells will not be detected if the change is less than 50%.In conclusion, we revealed elements in DD tissue that would enable us to predict the nature of the disease; whether the disease is aggressive with a stronger tendency to recur. Histological differences could be detected, and this can be used to benefit patients. As a new element, ROR2 was discovered in DD tissue. The genome-wide analysis with the 44K oligonucleotide-based array method revealed no changes of DNA number sequences.
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
Distribution chain forecast management : Research & Development Plan
Human reliability : analysis. prediction, and prevention of human errors
Mind set! : eleven ways to change the way you see- and create - the future
Psychological consequences of predictive genetic testing for hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC) : a prospective follow-up study
Monetary unification and inflation predictability
Predicting recidivism using survival models
Newborn brain responses measuring feature and change detection and predicting later language development in children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
The development of the food retailing real estate market under the aspect of the demographic change : a study of the current and the future structures of the food retailing industry in rural areas as well as base and mediumsized centers in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Population aging and sustainability of public finances
Factors associated with susceptibility to and outcome of bacteraemia with reference to Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, ß-haemolytic streptococcus and Escherichia coli bacteraemias
Elements of forecasting
The black swan : the impact of the highly improbable
Novel load-inducible factors in cardiac hypertrophy
The Popcorn report : Faith Popcorn on the future of your company, your world, your life
Assessment of risk for type 1 diabetes in children of affected families and in the general population : role of immunological and metabolic markers
This thesis seeks to develop a robust semi-analytical performance prediction method for an advanced iterative receiver that processes spatially multiplexed signals that have propagated through frequency-selective receive correlated multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless communication channels. In a change of perspective, the proposed performance prediction methods are applied at the transmitter, which seeks to attain a target frame error rate (FER) either by adaptive power control or by adaptive modulation and coding (AMC).The performance prediction scheme utilises the statistical properties of the channel—namely noise variance, number of separable propagation paths and the eigenvalues of the receive correlation matrix—to predict the signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) at the output of a frequency domain soft interference cancellation minimum mean square error equaliser. The SINR distribution is used to derive the distribution of the variance of the log-likelihood ratios (LLRs) at the output of a soft symbol-to-bit demapper. Mutual information transfer charts establish a bijective relationship between the variance of the LLRs and mutual information. A 3rd Generation Partnership Project compliant turbo code is assumed. Since the decoder operates independently from the channel, its extrinsic information transfer (EXIT) charts can be simulated in advance. By utilising the approximate LLR variance distribution of the demapped equaliser output, it is possible to evaluate the probability of an intersection between an equaliser chart associated with a random channel realisation and a fixed decoder chart. This probability provides the FER.Since the proposed performance prediction method does not require any instantaneous channel state information, it can be applied at the transmitter side as a robust link adaptation scheme. In adaptive transmission power control, the modulation order and code rate are fixed. By iteratively adjusting transmission power, the transmitter attempts to find an equaliser output LLR variance distribution that reaches a specified target FER. In AMC, transmission power is fixed. The equaliser output's LLR variance distribution is determined by the modulation order, while the decoder chart's position is determined by the code rate. The transmitter iteratively adjusts the code rate and attempts to find a modulation order and code rate pairing that reaches the target FER. For vertically encoded spatially multiplexed systems, the adaptive transmission power control and AMC schemes are complemented by adaptive repeat redundancy and incremental redundancy hybrid automatic repeat request (HARQ) techniques, respectively.
Does emergence exist in superconductivity?
Predictive control : with constraints
Change in male and female life ecpectancy by social class : decomposition by age and cause of death in Finland 1971-95
Earthquake early warning systems
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
Modelling land use change : improving the prediction of future land use patterns
A Bayesian network based on-line risk prediction framework for interdependent critical infrastructures
Criminal profiling : an introduction to behavioral evidence analysis
Expression of hyaluronan synthases and hyaluronidases in gynecological malignancies
Change in cognitive performance and its predictors in general population and schizophrenia in early midlife : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Impulsivity as a predictor of newly diagnosed depression
The cunning of uncertainty
Load forecasting in smart grid environment
Pathways to success : how knowledge and skills at age 15 shape future lives in Canada
Childhood and adolescent predictors of schizophrenia in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort : a descriptive life-span model
Newborn brain responses measuring feature and change detection and predicting later language development  in children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Economics and the future : time and discounting in private and public decision making
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Communication performance prediction and link adaptation based on a statistical radio channel model
Human factors in simple and complex systems
Testing the predictability of stock returns
Price spike forecasting in a competitive day-ahead energy market
The aim of this study was to provide novel information on the change of cognitive performance and its predictors in early midlife between ages of 34 and 43 years. The change in verbal episodic memory between non-psychotic and schizophrenia samples was compared in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966. In the non-psychotic sample, associations between primary school performance, sociodemographic factors and body mass index (BMI), and in the schizophrenia sample, between premorbid school performance and severity of illness with the change in cognitive performance were evaluated. There was no evidence of greater decline in verbal episodic memory in the schizophrenia sample, compared to the non-psychotic sample, though the schizophrenia sample had an overall lower cognitive performance at the baseline. In the non-psychotic sample, male gender, poorer school performance, increases in BMI and having no children predicted a decline in verbal episodic memory; poorer school performance and low vocational education and occupational class predicted a decline in visual episodic memory; and having children predicted a decline in executive function. In the schizophrenia sample, poorer premorbid school performance, but not the later course of illness, was related to a decline in cognitive performance. This study is one of the few studies to investigate the predictors of change in cognitive performance in the early middle-aged general population, and the first to investigate the predictors of cognitive change in early midlife schizophrenia. To summarize; poor cognitive performance in adolescence may be considered as a vulnerability marker for a later impairment in cognitive functioning. In schizophrenia, cognitive ability possibly declines mostly in a normative fashion with aging at the same rate as in the general population rather than as a result of neurodegenerative processes. These results might improve our understanding of midlife change in cognitive functioning and may also help to develop effective interventions of cognitive impairment in schizophrenia.
Macroeconomic causes of volatility in the Euro area's aggregate stock return
Development of organotypic liver cell cultures in three-dimensional biomaterial hydrogels
Individual and contextual factors predicting educational and occupational career success
Alcohol drinking behavior and its developmental antecedents
Essays on portfolio performance measurement
Histological characteristics and gene expression profiling of Dupuytren's disease
Antipsychotic medication forms a cornerstone in the treatment of schizophrenia and its effect on positive symptoms and relapse prevention after the first episode has been shown. After the first episode, the treatment guidelines for schizophrenia recommend the continuation of antipsychotic medication at a minimum from six months to five years. The long-term and life-span benefits and harmful side-effects are not fully known. The aim of this naturalistic study was to analyze long-term use of antipsychotic medication with a special interest in medication tapering and discontinuation in schizophrenia. Non-medicated subjects were more often males and in remission, less often on a disability pension, and had better clinical outcomes when compared to medicated subjects at age 34 years. No differences were found when comparing relapse rates during the 8.7 years of follow-up after 34 years between non-medicated and medicated subjects. Not having been hospitalized during the previous 5 years before the follow-up predicted long-term successful antipsychotic discontinuation without relapse. In the long-term, use of antipsychotic medication became steadier after the first five years. A favorable outcome was associated with low and steady antipsychotic medication, and unfavorable with high long-term cumulative use and antipsychotic polypharmacy. Subjects with antipsychotic medication had non-significantly lower total gray matter (TGM) volume compared with non-medicated subjects. Time without antipsychotic medication preceding magnetic resonance imaging was associated with increased TGM and with increased regional volume in the right precentral gyrus and right middle frontal gyrus. This study has a unique description of long-term use of antipsychotics. It provides new information on medication discontinuation and its effect in schizophrenia in the long-term in terms of relapses and brain morphometry.
Numbers rule your world : the hidden influence of probability and statistics on everything you do
Predicting the future : an introduction to the theory of forecasting
Prediction and prevention of falls among elderly people in residental care
Super crunchers : how anything can be predicted
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Screening for developmental risks at 4 years of age : predicting development two years later
Early repolarization in the inferolateral leads of the electrocardiogram : prevalence, prognosis and characteristics
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Predictbility of financial ratios in takeovers on finnish stock market
Renal cell carcinoma and long-term prognostic factors
Abstract: The aim of supply chain management is the delivery and service chain optimization, cost reduction, increase in sales and enhanced customer service. In the Nordic countries, where the distances are long, it is normally necessary to maintain inventories. Another reason for inventories is often uncertainty. Inventories must be maintained as customers want fast shipping, but do not tell in advance when and how much they are going to buy different products. The supply chain management is a very practical activity. It is not solved by using statistical models, or by the IT systems. The most important part of the chain, are the people. The employees should, however, use mathematics and systems to help improve the efficiency of the supply chain.    The purpose of this work was to review old and define new purchasing parameters for Pernod Ricard Finland Oy and create a continuous process to define the parameters for the company by using mathematical and statistical methods. The goal of this research was to get better understanding of planning fluctuations and improve and define the planning parameters with fact based knowledge.    An action research study was carried out during autumn 2012 and spring 2013. This work initially examined the various theories to improve purchasing parameters, in particular the management of the safety stocks, and determined what kind of planning method should be used for planning various types of products in order to generate the best possible forecast with right information to suppliers and other parties.    Based on the theory new parameters for the purchase of Pernod Ricard Finland Oy were defined for certain products, implemented into system and the results were analyzed after few months. As the results of the research trial were promising the final result of the project was a new process and guidelines on how the purchasing parameters will be defined in the company.
Outliers and Predictability in Monthly Stock Market Index Returns
Linear prediction in spectrum analysis
Ahead of the curve : a commonsense guide to forecasting business and market cycles
Tight junction proteins and cancer-associated fibroblasts in ameloblastoma, ameloblastic carcinoma and mobile tongue cancer
Machine learning for corporate bankruptcy prediction
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
