http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9700 occupational education
occupational education
Qualifying adult learning professionals in Europe
TTnet dossier. 2, The role of the tutor from Community perspective
Learning the skills : special edition of the Finnish journal of vocational and professional education
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
School leadership challenges in the implementation of technical and vocational education curriculum in Ghana
The use of social media to improve social work education in remote areas
Challenges of intercultural vocational education and training : developing a strand model in the change laboratory
Vocational qualification in chemical engineering
The International Handbook of Leadership for Learning brings together chapters by distinguished authors from thirty-one countries in nine different regions of the world. This handbook contains nine sections that provide regional overviews; a consideration of theoretical and contextual aspects; and, system and policy approaches that promote leadership for learning with a focus on educating school leaders for learning and the role of the leader in supporting learning. It also considers the challenge of educating current leaders for this new perspective, and how leaders themselves can develop leadership for learning in others and in their organisations, especially in diverse contexts and situations. The final chapter considers what we now know about leadership for learning and looks at ways this might be further improved in the future. This book provides the reader with an understanding of the rich contextual nature of learning in schools and the role of school leaders and leadership development in promoting this. It concludes that the preposition 'for' between the two readily known and understood terms of 'leadership' and 'learning' changes everything as it foregrounds learning and complexifies, rather than simplifies, what that word may mean. Whereas common terms such as 'instructional leadership' reduce learning to 'outcomes', leadership for learning embraces a much wider, developmental view of learning.
The emergence and development of the German dual vocational system : between crises and praises
Specifying conditions for on-the-job-learning in vocational education
Learning for employment - trade unions concerned
The role of vocational education and training in promoting lifelong learning in Germany and England
Social competences in vocational and continuing education
Gender segregation in vocational education
Handbook for organisers of study visits for education and vocational training specialists
Contemporary challenges for vocational education
In-service education and training : policy and practice
Deepening the dimension : TUAS papers from the second CARPE networking conference in Manchester on 4-6 November 2013
Learning policy : towards the certified society
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Vocational instruction
Towards vocational top expertise
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Inclusion in education : some aspects of intension of including students with disabilities and special educational needs to vocational education in Wollo, Ethiopia
Developing personal study plans in adult vocational education and training
Tackling early leaving from education and training in Europe : strategies, policies and measures
SCHOOL DROPOUT AND EXTENDED STUDY TIME AMONG THE INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND ADMINISTRATION STUDENTS AT OULU VOCATIONAL COLLEGE
Vocational education development cooperation between the Vietnamese and Finnish vocational nstitutes in Vietvoc project  in the years 1997-2002.. The Tech team completion report
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
Vocational education and training in Finland
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
A survival guide for hotel and motel professionals
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
A review on occupational health of the construction branch
English for youth and leisure instructor students : a material package
Towards good practices for practice-oriented assessment in European vocational education
Becoming designers : education & influence
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
Differentiation and guidance in the comprehensive school : report on the Sigtuna course organized by the Swedish government under the auspices of the Council of Europe 1958
School dropout and extended study time among the International Business and Administration students at Oulu Vocational College
Curricula for sign language as a mother tongue, written language as a second language for the deaf : teacher's guide
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
Teachers Experiences Of Early Intervention In Vocational Education
Integrating theory and practice in vocational teacher education
The Bolashak Fellowship program in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
Quality management in vocational education : recommendation for providers of educational services and for educational institutions
Modularisation of vocational education in Europe : NVQs and GNVQs as a model for the reform of initial training provisions in Germany
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
The current state and challenges of vocational education and training in Finland
Developing personnel’s internationalization competences through staff mobility : Case Hyria
Abstract: Compilation of the Learning Material for Education in Vocational Qualification in Audiovisual Communications in North Karelian College Outokumpu.
Problems in teaching industrial arts and vocational education : a job analysis and suggested solutions
Breaking the glass ceiling : equal opportnity [sic!] through new approaches to continuing vocational training for female employees
National society for the study of education : yearbook. 64, 1, Vocational education
Marketing Research on Practical Training Abroad
Skill formation and globalization
Studying curriculum : cases and methods
Accreditation model for study programmes in hotel and restaurant services
International Handbook of Leadership for Learning
The Danish vocational education and training system
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
The role of the social partners in vocational training and further training in the Federal Republic of Germany
Pilot project between Finnish and British institutions of vocational education : annual report 1992.
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
Globalizing education for work : comparative perspectives on gender and the new economy
DETVET : methodology framework
Factors promoting vocational students  learning at work: study on student experiences
A curriculum guide for schools of nursing
Feasibility study : research scope for vocational education in the framework of COST social sciences
Vocational education in Finland
Vocational learning : innovative theory and practice
A report on vocational training in Chicago and in other cities
Students' experiences of workplace learning in Finnish VET
European vocational education systems : a guide to vocational education and training in the European Community
Technical and vocational education and training in Austria
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
An analysis of policy implementation in the Third World
From vocational training to open learning environments : vocational special needs education during change
Teaching problem solving in vocational education
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Expert : a handbook for vocational English
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Identification, assessment and recognition of non-formal learning in Greece
Milestones of vocational and occupational education and training = Meilensteine der beruflichen Bildung. 1, The Teaching-learning perspective = Die Lehr-Lern-Perspektive
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Effective training : systems, strategies, and practices
Team Teaching CLIL-Axis : content and language integrated learning
Evaluation and assessment of flexibility, mobility and trasferability in European countries : proceedings of COST A 11 - working group 5, working document no 1
An exploration into the applicability of school principals' training on the principals' leadership practices in Finland
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Human resources and vocational training : conflicts and convergence of knowledge systems in the Arctic
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Vocational education development cooperation between the Vietnamese and Finnish Vocational Institutes in Vietvoc project  in the years 1997-2002 : the VET team completion report
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
Language learning and working competences
Transformative learning and border systems at work : teacher students' development project report evaluation
Professional development among educators pursuing a B.Ed. program in special education in Tanzania : a study of motives and perceived outcomes
Vocational education meets globalization
Adult education policy in the European Union during the Lisbon decade : the shift to vocational adult learning and work skills matching
The teaching principles of the embedded systems
The financing of vocational education and training in Finland : financing portrait
Vocational teacher education in Finland : towards broad-based teaching
Quality enhancement in teacher education : Tanzanian teacher educators' conceptions and experiences
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
New directions for vocational education : a state model
Building sustainable livelihoods during post-conflict recovery : a study of skills training in Jendema, Sierra Leone
Finland in focus : towards 2020 in vocational education and training : Leonardo da Vinci programme : promoting cooperation and development
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Collaborative 3D learning games for future learning: teachers  instructional practices to enhance shared knowledge construction among students
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
The evaluation of vocational training : report of a seminar held in the University of Manchester, United Kingdom, January 1975.
The financing of vocational education and training in Ireland : financing portrait
This study deals with competence-based curriculum development in higher education, in universities of applied sciences. Competence-based curricula have been launched with the Bologna process into European higher education over the last two decades, introducing student-centered curricula instead of earlier subject- centered curricula.  The present curriculum development started with the idea of collaboration to strengthen the teachers' agency. The administrative view was to implement the competence-based curriculum and new assessment criteria and to ensure their implementations. My idea as a responsive planner and head of the project was to offer a forum for interaction.  The theoretical frame of this study was constructed on the basis of curriculum theory and the change of paradigm within it. The aim of the study was to find out how teachers talk about curriculum and curriculum development. Much effort was given to the interpretation of their words and utterances. The research questions specified the aim of explaining what meanings were constructed and how they were understood as part of the interaction process.  The research questions were:  1. What meanings do teachers in an applied sciences university give to competence-based curriculum during the development process?  2. How are the meanings constructed in the development process of competence-based curriculum?  The research method was discourse analysis. The context of the study was the department of engineering in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The participants were 15 teachers working as program leaders. The material consisted of six group discussions proceeding as a pedagogical process in 2009 - 2011. All meetings were recorded and transcribed.  Outcomes of the study consist of interpretation repertoires. Repertoires can be defined as situationally constructed varying ways to talk about curriculum development and curriculum.  Six interpretative repertoires for curriculum development practises were formed from the material. They were “coercion, duty, benefit, threat for the autonomy, initiative for reflection and toughening pedagogic leadership” –repertoires. They are linked to the themes of teachers' pedagogical practises and identity construction. The most dominant repertoire was coercion repertoire.  Seven interpretative repertoires were formed about the curriculum itself. They are repertoires of “formal learning, substance-centeredness, personal learning, knowledge-based, course-centeredness, student as an object and inconsistent relationship with the working life”. Based on the results, future directions and targets of the applied sciences curriculum work are reflected in the article.
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Unravelling policy, power, process and performance : the formative evaluation of the Dutch adult and vocational education act
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Skills competitions in Finland for people with special needs
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Education and training in Ethiopia : an evaluation of approaching EFA goals
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
Occupational health, safety and ergonomic issues in small and medium-sized enterprises in a developing country
The Relevance of cross-cultural leadership training : a case study of a Finnish training program for Chinese school principals
Developing IATA training in Finland
Enhancing generic competencies in vocational education and training for a knowledge-based economy : is China on the road yet?
Transfer of learning in professional and vocational education
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
Vocational qualification in hairdressing
Rediscovering apprenticeship : research findings of the International Network on Innovative Apprenticeship (INAP)
Collaborative Curriculum Development and Meanings Given to it by Teachers
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : with an epilogue on the counselors' perspective by Leena Härkäpää & Riitta Larna
The enquiring tutor : exploring the process of professional learning
After the cheering stops is there a career in sight?
How the Japanese learn to work
Developing co-operation between Kuru Institute of Forestry and german forest institutes in vocational training of Forest Machine Operators
The history of Finnish vocational education and training
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
Professional development : the experiences of primary school teachers in Tanzania
The Swedish VET-system - some comparative characteristics
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Nurse education today
The Hamburg Model : exemplary integration of youth into vocational education
Entrepreneurship education in vocational education in Finland : case : Mänttä Regional Vocational Education Centre
Analysis of vocational preparation in the member states of the European community
Vocational training needs in rural communities
