http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9714 salads
salads
Assessment of genetic variation and presence of nitrate reductase gene (NR) in different lettuce genotypes using PCR-based markers
Professional garde manger : a comprehensive guide to cold food preparation
Environmentally benign Fe chelates in plant nutrition
Fresh ways with salads
Varieties of lettuce : an international monograph
Philadelphia cream cheese cookbook
Lettuce, endive and chicory
Abstract.
A great American cook : recipes from the home kitchen of one of our most influential chefs
The fundamental techniques of classic cuisine
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
The Waldorf-Astoria cookbook
Rainbow cuisine : a culinary journey through South Africa
The soul of a new cuisine : a discovery of the foods and flavors of Africa
Food purchasing and preparation
Meatless main dishes
Fifty shades of kale : 50 fresh and satisfying recipes that are bound to please
Integrated pest management for cole crops and lettuce
Entertaining economically
Salads for small gardens
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Respiration rate and ethylene production of fresh cut lettuce as affected by cutting grade
Plenty : vibrant vegetable recipes from London's Ottolenghi
Not just a load of lentils
The organic salad garden
Best-ever salads : the definiteve cook's collection: 200 mouthwatering step-by-step recipes
Salad samurai : 100 cutting-edge, ultra-hearty, easy-to-make salads you don't have to be vegan to love
Modern batch cookery
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Study and Optimization of Flow Packing Unit : Famifarm Oy
Nourish : vibrant salads to relish & refresh
The fair lady cookbook
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
Great salads and vegetables
Heart of the artichoke and other kitchen journeys
Food in Vogue : from Boulestin to Boxer
Betty Crocker's red spoon collection : best recipes for appetizers
Fabulous French fruit cuisine : gourmet French fruit recipes from a master chef
The world of hors d'oeuvre and salads
Occurence of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis in iceberg lettuce and environment
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
The Professional Garde Manger : a guide to the art of the buffet
Manly food
The book of light sauces & salad dressing
The Nordic diet
North African cooking : exotic delights from Morocco, Tunisia, Algeria and Egypt
The salad book
Successful Catering
Potato : the definitive guide to potatoes and potato cooking
Modern garde manger : a global perspective
Botanica's pocket organic gardening
Charred & scruffed : bold new techniques for explosive flavor on and off the grill
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
The art of salad making
Pret a manger : food on the move
The French have a word for it : mayonnaise
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Party food
Usage and control of solid-state lighting for plant growth
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
International Symposium on Greenhouse Management for Better Yield and Quality in Mild Winter Climates : Antalya, Turkey 3-5 November, 1997
Salad plants for your vegetable garden
Diagnostics and epidemiology of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
Chef Paul Prudhomme's seasoned America
Abstract: Occurence of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis in iceberg lettuce, soil and water samples in Ahvenanmaa Islands.
Nutritional disorders in glasshouse tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce
Nutrient solution aeration and growing cycles affect quality and yield of fresh-cut baby leaf red lettuce
Quick & Easy Cooking : exciting ideas for delicious meals
The naked chef
Salads and starters
Urine as a fertilizer for lettuce grown in greenhouse conditions
The working garde manger
A Feast of flavours
Salads & salad dressings : for foodservice menu planning
The Little Cheese Cookbook
Cooking with wholefoods : healthy and wholesome recipes for grains, pulses, legumes and beans
Salads : fresh and flavourful recipies - all year round
Rice cooking
The Chef's Art : secrets of four-star cooking at home
Turkish meze  : the little dishes of the dips, purées, soups, salads and snacks : 60 recipes shown step by step in more than 300 stunning photographs
Efficient use of conveyor belt and packing machine system
The objective of this research was to study the effects of nutrient solution aeration [no aeration (NA), low aeration (LA) or high aeration (HA)] and growing cycle (autumn, winter and summer) on the yield, quality, and shelf life of red lettuce as a fresh-cut product grown in a floating system. The specific leaf area, yield and root diameter were affected by the growing cycle. The percentage of dry matter and the nitrate content were affected by growing cycle and aeration, total phenolics and mesophilic microorganism by aeration and storage time, hue angle and chromacity by growing cycle and storage time, and antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, lightness and psychrophilic microorganisms were affected by all three factors. NA conditions increased the antioxidant capacity in summer and vitamin C content in winter. The lowest mesophilic and psychrophilic count was observed in autumn. The effect of aeration on most of the quality parameters measured was influenced by the growing cycle.
Efficacy of disinfectants to reduce Listeria monocytogenes on precut iceberg lettuce
