http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9718 roller skating
roller skating
In-line Skating : The ultimate how-to guide
Roller derby : the sensation that caused a book : confessions of a roller derby mascot
Air gear omnibus. 4
Down and derby : the insider's guide to roller derby
Inline! : a manual for beginning to intermediate inline skating
Air gear omnibus. 3
Winning roller hockey : techniques, tactics, training
Roll bounce
Whip it
Splat the Cat. The rain is a pain
You'll find: advice on the latest in-line equipment; 104 photos and illustrations showing skating technique; 39 drills and exercises; two performance training programs for in-line racing; roller hockey rules, drills, and descriptions of necessary equipment; and tips on street and vertical skating. Whether you're new to in-line or just looking to expand your skating skills, In-Line Skating has it all. Fitness and skating author Mark Powell teams up with racing and equipment expert John Svensson to help you get the most out of in-line.
Air gear omnibus. 2
The history of roller skating
The ultimate encyclopedia of extreme sports
As a new breed of lifestyle sport enthusiasts 'derby grrrls' are pushing the boundaries of gender as they negotiate the nexus of pleasure, pain and power relations. Offering a socio-cultural analysis of the rise and reinvention of roller derby as both a new, globalized women's sport and an everyday creative leisure space, this book explores the manner in which roller derby has emerged as a gendered space for self-transformation, belonging and embodied contest, in which women are invited to experience their emotions differently, embrace pain and overcome limits. Sport, Gender and Power: The Rise of Roller Derby presents detailed interview, ethnographic and autoethnographic material, together with a range of media texts to shed new light on the complex relationships of power experienced by women in derby as a sport culture, whilst also examining the darker relationships that characterise the sport, including those of inclusion and exclusion, difference and identity, and competition and participation. A contemporary feminist study of empowerment, sexual difference, gender and affect, this book will appeal to scholars of gender and sexuality, embodiment, feminist thought and the sociology of sport and leisure.
In-line skating basics
Air gear omnibus. 1
Monster High : skultimate roller maze : Wii
Stride and glide : a manual of cross-country skiing and Nordic walking
1st in-line : Roll up to get ahead with this street-wise instruction manual on in-line skating
Sport, gender and power : the rise of roller derby
