http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9713 success factors
success factors
Tourism success stories and shooting stars : 4-6 June 2007.
The global urban competitiveness report 2011
Achieving success through social capital : tapping the hidden resources in your personal and business networks
Customer perceived web site quality as a success factor of an online shop
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Tycoon
Succeed as a superior
Factors of Success of Female Expatriates During International Assignments
Insanely simple : the obsession that drives Apple's success
Improving the development of social enterprise in Vietnam
Market review and study of success characteristics in construction companies : case: United States
Exemplary performance : benchmarking star performers for business results
Development Plan for Kuopion Palloseura
The little big things : 163 ways to pursue excellence
From conception to implementation : how to develop a successful shopping center in China - a case study of Bailian New Era Mall
Smarter faster better : the transformative power of real productivity
Management mistakes and successes
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Entrepreneurs with no business education building companies: how do they succeed? : can anyone be an entrepreneur?
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
Starting from scratch : secrets from 21 ordinary people who made the entrepreneurial leap
Traces the fierce rivalry between brothers Adi and Rudi Dassler, who launched a successful shoe business from their mother ́s laundry room in Germany before a bitter feud prompted their separation and launch of competitors Adidas and Puma.
Fast innovation : achieving superior differentiation, speed to market, and increased profitability
Shopping centres play a key role in the modern day retail market, serving as a concentration of both merchants and consumers as well as hubs of entertainment and social activity. The most crucial element of a successful retail center is the consumer. Without enough traffic, tenants are unable to run a profitable business, affecting their ability to pay rent. A good location is often said to be most important factor, but additionally, a good tenant mix and anchor stores capable of attracting customers dictate the success of a shopping center. A working tenant mix means having a selection of operators that work well as individual businesses but also complement one another and increase the functionality of the entire center by attracting customers. The objective of this study is to examine the importance of these factors on the success of a shopping center, with a case study on the Forum shopping centre in downtown Turku. For the past ten years, this prime location center has not been performing as well as could be expected in a location with a notable amount of retail activity and successful businesses. The case study examines the reasons behind the poor performance with a focus on tenant mix, and makes suggestions on improvement based on the findings of this research.
Industry analysis of high street fashion : case of H&M
Partnerships in sustainable urban development : experiences from Sweden and Finland
Trump : the art of the deal
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Innovating professional services : transforming value and efficiency
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
Rooftop revolution : how solar power can save our economy and our planetfrom dirty energy
Sneaker wars : the enemy brothers who founded Adidas and Puma and the family feud that forever changed the business of sport
Masters of success : proven techniques for achieving success in business and life
How to dress for success
Business opportunity discovery in small family firms
Case study of critical succes factors in ERP system implementation : SAP payroll and time management implementation project
Bounce : how champions are made
A primer for Japanese business success : a top executive shows that his country's methods are not so different
The devil's advocate : 100 business rules you must break
Winners and how they succeed
"Provides a fascinating perspective on those enterprises and entrepreneurs that have changed the landscape of society while highlighting the challenges and excitement of launching new innovative businesses.  Meticulously researched with fresh insights into the entrepreneurial process, Jeffrey Harris brings the in-depth perceptions from his nearly thirty years of venture capital experience to provide a thorough understanding of the transformative ideas and leadership abilities that separate the winners and losers.  From Fred Smith's Federal Express to Hugh Hefner's Playboy, and Ted Turner's CNN to Steve Jobs' Apple, the pioneering business models and execution skills of the founders come to life providing an inspirational lens for those chasing the dream.  Great entrepreneurs included are:  Josiah WedgwoodGeorge EastmanHenry FordChristo and Jeane-ClaudeWalt DisneyHugh HefnerSteve JobsHoward SchultzLarry Page and Sergey BrinRobert Swanson and Dr. Herb Boyer"--
Rules of thumb : 52 truths for winning at business without losing your self
Software in 30 days : how agile managers beat the odds, delight their customers, and leave competitors in the dust
Branding People
Analyzing the telesales strategies and identifying possibilities for improvement : the case of Sanoma Magazines Finland Oy
Things a little bird told me : confessions of the creative mind
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Predisposing factors and consequences of adolescent ADHD and DBD:a longitudinal study in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986
A manifesto about living life, appreciating enough, and doing what matters. It's most of what fabled entrepreneur Derek Sivers learned in ten years of starting and growing a small business.
The joy of science : excellence and its rewards
The critical success factors of data warehousing applications
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
Sports in the Cultural Pattern of the World : Study of the 1952 Olympic Games at Helsinki
A survey of the Finnish mechanized tree-planting industry in 2013 and its success factors
Factors favouring or hindering the market entry of Finnish environmental firms in India
Entrepreneurship, social capital and governance : directions for the sustainable development and competitiveness of regions
Role of the Internet in Internet-enabled born global key success factors : case study of Sportsetter
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Expert analysis of the strategies and critical success factors of forest industries in Finland
KaChing : how to run an online business that pays and pays
Critical success factors for gaining competitive advantage with value-added services in logistics sector
Midas touch : why some entrepreneurs get rich - and why most don't
Simple rules : how to thrive in a complex world
Developing the service offering of an industrial company
Investigating the success of ERP systems in Pakistan : end-users' perspective
Start at the end : how companies can grow bigger and faster by reversing their business plan
T-shirts and suits : a guide to the business of creativity
Innovation in a reinvented world : 10 essential elements to succeed in the new world of business
Big Money Little Effort : A Winning Strategy for Profitable Long-term Investment
Setting the table : lessons and inspirations from one of the world's leading entrepreneurs
Competitive tendering : management and reality - achieving value for money
Abstract: Creative quality and value innovations created by a learning network : casestudy within a building components manufacturing network.
Why not the best schools? : the Finland report
SUCCESS FACTORS OF A CHINESE RESTAURANT
"Build on values to create a high-performing corporate culture Based on Ann Rhoades' years of experience with JetBlue, Southwest, and other companies known for their trailblazing corporate cultures, Built on Values reveals exactly how leaders can create winning environments that allow them to thrive. Companies that create or improve values-based cultures can become higher performers, both in customer and employee satisfaction and financial return. Features dynamic examples from Rhoades' work with JetBlue, Southwest, Disney, , Loma Linda University Hospitals, Doubletree Hotels, Juniper Networks, P.F. Chang's China Bistros and more Shows leaders how to develop a unique Values Blueprint that is tailored to their organizations and goals Clearly maps out how to hire, fire, and reward according to values--the keys to finding and retaining top talent Built on Values presents a clear and proven method to generate positive corporate culture change and ultimately increase any companies) bottom line."--
Building influence in the workplace : how to gain and retain influence at work
Effective succession planning : ensuring leadership continuity and building talent from within
High performance companies : successful strategies from the world's top achievers
The rainforest : the secret to building the next Silicon Valley
Think and grow rich
Anything you want : 40 lessons for a new kind of entrepreneur
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Professional services marketing wisdom : how to attract, influence and retain clients even if you hate selling
Success factors of ERP SAP after implementation
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
How to get a first : insights and advice from a first-class graduate
Differences in children's school success and family backgrounds : a comparative case study of pupils' performance in entrance examination in Ibadan, Nigeria
Sun Tzu for execution : how to use the art of war to get results
The success principles : how to get from where you are to where you want to be
The great fragmentation and why the future of business is small
How people succeed - and how you can, too. Alastair Campbell knows all about winning. As Tony Blair's chief spokesman and strategist he helped guide the Labour Party to victory in three successive general elections, and he's fascinated by what it takes to win. How do sports stars excel, entrepreneurs thrive, or individuals achieve their ambition? Is their ability to win innate? Or is the winning mindset something we can all develop? Drawing on the wisdom of an astonishing array of talented people - from elite athletes to top managers, from rulers of countries to rulers of global business empires - Alastair Campbell uses his forensic skills, as well as his own experience of politics and sport, to get to the heart of success. He examines how winners tick. He considers how they build great teams. He analyses how they deal with unexpected setbacks and new challenges. He judges what the very different worlds of politics, business and sport can learn from one another. And he sets out a blueprint for winning that we can all follow.
How to be an entrepreneur : the six secrets of self-made success
Successful entrepreneurship : confronting economic theory with empirical practice
Get lucky : how to put planned serendipity to work for you and your business
Selected features of human resource and competency management at Nokia Network, Delivery operations
Requirements for a successful sales and operations planning process : a multiple case study on six large Finnish corporations
Do cool sh*t : (Quit your day job, start your own business, and live happily ever after)
Global tourism and regional competitiveness
Serial innovators : firms that change the world
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Give and take : a revolutionary approach to success
Critical Success Factors for ERP Adoption Process
Critical factors influencing international sporting success of the Philippines : the athletes' perspective
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education:lessons learned from international projects
Critical success factors for ERP implementation
Unleashing your leadership potential : seven strategies for success
Managing the art of information systems security : an investigation into the corporate security awareness and training program
Analysis of policy options and implementation measures promoting electricity from renewable biomass in the European Union
The aim of the study was to update the information pertaining to mechanized tree-planting activity in Finland in 2013 and its success factors. All businesses providing a mechanized tree-planting service were interviewed and asked to describe their equipment and activities, identify critical success factors (CSFs), and suggest areas for improvement. In 2013, 31 planting machines (18 Bracke P11.a, 11 M-Planter and 2 Risutec) operated by 22 businesses planted approximately 4.7 million seedlings on 2663 hectares. CSFs included expertise of planting machine operators, high quality planting, adequate amount of work, stoniness, and removal of slash. Based on the survey, some recommendations for improving mechanized planting work can be made. Firstly, improving the cost-efficiency of mechanized planting is necessary to enhance businesses' profitability. Secondly, worksite selection is crucial as stoniness, stumps and slash debris diminish productivity. Lastly, the popularity of mechanized planting in the future will benefit from more marketing. Many businesses were unwilling to increase the area of service, invest in new equipment, or increase the volume of planting work but they believed that mechanized planting will become more popular in the near future..
Trump 101 : the way to success
The 100 absolutely unbreakable laws of business success
Success factors of ethnic restaurants
Competing in process automation industry, analysis of the factors affecting competitiveness : case: Metso Automation Flow Control business line
Competing in Japan
Think big and kick ass in business and life
Success in higher education : transitions to, within and from University
Growth champions : the battle for sustained innovation leadership : the growth agenda
Intra-organizational knowledge transfer : the influence of four contexts
The joint-venture paradox : parent-firm characteristics, social cues, and joint venture performance
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Business for punks
Winners : and how they succeed
The development of co-operation between TNT Finland Oy and Matkahuolto Oy
How to sell yourself
Success factors of Chinese restaurants
Built on values : creating an enviable culture that outperforms the competition
Success factors of accelerators
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs:defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Life's a pitch : how to be businesslike with your emotional life and emotional with your business life
Transformative entrepreneurs : how Walt Disney, Steve Jobs, Muhammad Yunus, and other innovators succeeded
Role-specific critical success factors in incident management : case energy management system company
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
The Female brand : using the female mindset to succeed in business
Improving customer service by identifying critical success factors and utilizing business process outsourcing
'How to Get a First' combines personal experience, scientific research and motivational anecdotes from other students to create a comprehensive guide to the basic elements of academic success.
Offers a collection of business success tips that encourages a back-to-basics approach in order to learn to excel at the people side of business.
The business of IT : How to improve service and lower costs
Success factors in internationalisation of Finnish small and medium sized enterprises
Fire your sales team today : then rehire them as sales guides in your new revenue department
The value-driven CIO : bridging the gap between business and IT
Best practices and critical success factors - how to find and recognise  them?
"Weber has a keen understanding of the future of marketing. As the brave new world of digital marketing gets more complicated, and brands need to engage more with their customers--a trusted guide is necessary. The Digital Marketer is that guide."
Think and grow rich starter kit
Work rules! : insights from inside Google that will transform how you live and lead
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
Mamma mia! : Adapting and narrativising pop songs into a successful jukebox musical
Fanatical prospecting : the ultimate guide for starting sales conversations and filling the pipeline by leveraging social selling, telephone, e-mail, and cold calling
Strategic thinking
The digital marketer : ten new skills you must learn to stay relevant and customer-centric
Peak : how great companies get their mojo from Maslow
Business brilliant : surprising lessons from the greatest self-made business icons
Talent : making people your competitive advantage
Success factors of corporate spinn-offs
Business opportunities in Northeast China. [Part 2], Jilin and Heilongjiang
Becoming a strategic leader : your role in your organization's enduring success
The social animal
Secrets of the moneylab : how behavioral economics can improve your business
Success factors in experiential marketing : case studies from Italy
Performance acceleration management (PAM) : rapid improvement to your key business drivers
Think and grow rich : the landmark bestseller - now revised and updated for the 21st century
Success secrets : real-life stories to inspire and motivate
The objectives of the thesis fall into three aspects: 1) understanding Chinese entrepreneurship through some major aspects; such as, the characteristics of Chinese entrepreneur and successful skills needed; 2) scanning the Chinese culture that is associated with their entrepreneurial success in restaurant business as well as understanding the Finnish culture that affects Chinese restaurants' presence in Finland; 3) acquainting with the competitive strategies that those Chinese restaurants employ to succeed. The conceptual framework is based on the combination of Wickham's entrepreneurial success model and the empirical findings on overseas Chinese success factors in the food service sector, in terms of successful entrepreneurial characteristics, skills, cultural factors as well as competitive strategies. The qualitative method, of particularly semi-structured interviews, was applied to test those perspectives to answer the research questions. The secondary data were collected from elec-tronic journals, textbooks, other empirical studies as well as other Internet sources. In conclusion, in the Chinese restaurants' success in Helsinki, those owners are confident, hard working, comfortable with the power with a clear goal. They have basic cooking, management and social skills to run their business. In addition, they take advantage of the Chinese unique culture to serve their customers and deal with the Asian retailing shops. They mainly adopt three strategies: offering lower price, being flexible to the customers' requests and family strategy.
Freemium mobile games : design & monetization
Secret of my success
Success is a journey : 7 steps to achieving success in the business of life
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
Success factors of small companies and customer satisfaction : case Mimona Ltd
Spiral up : and other management secrets behind wildly successful initiatives
Essential managers : Selling
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The importance of tenant mix in a retail center : case study Forum Turku
Combines storytelling with research and practical guidance to shatter commonly held myths about wealth and identifies the seven distinct principles practiced by successful individuals.
The connected leader : creating agile organisations for people, performance and profit
Predisposing factors and consequences of adolescent ADHD and DBD : a longitudinal study in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986
Analysis of policy options and implementation measures promoting electricity from renewable biomass in the EU
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits and the art of battling giants
