http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9728 learning organisation
learning organisation
Organisational learning in a fusion school
Making sense of the learning organization : what is it and who needs it?
Community, economic creativity, and organization
Designing the just learning society : a critical inquiry
In a world of values and views : information and learning activities in a military setting
Organizations as learning systems : "living composition" as an enabling infrastructure
Towards the measurement of organization's learning orientations
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
The strategic management of intellectual capital and organizational knowledge
Building a global learning organization : using TWI to succeed with strategic workforce expansion in the Lego Group
Organization theory. Vol. 1, Central topics
Managing learning and knowledge in the IT industry
Management & organisational behaviour
Developmental training evaluation in enhancing organisational learning : a case study of multinational telecommunications company
Using Experiences Earned in a Foreign Assignment - Case L4 Project, Stora Enso
Informal coalitions : mastering the hidden dynamics of organizational change
Exporting Finnish educational learning processes through co creation Europe: case: Mondragon Team Academy
Trainee perceptions of web-based training as part of a training intervention in company-wide organizational change
End-user application developers as innovators in learning organisations
Organizational learning : the competitive advantage of the future
Knowledge in context : few faces of the knowledge society
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Software patterns, organizational learning and software process improvement
Learning networks producing creative quality and value innovations : case study in finnish family business context
Lifelong learning travels : single actors' perception and talk of lifelong learning in a specific organizational context
Culture as innovation in vocational higher education
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
"This book provides practical guidelines for the implementation of knowledge management strategies through the discussion of specific technologies and taxonomies of knowledge management applications. A critical mass of some of the most sough-after research of our information technology and business world, this book proves an essential addition to every reference library collection"--Provided by publisher.
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
Leading learners, leading schools
"Positive Organizational Scholarship" is a book that helps establish a new field of study in the organizational sciences. It examines a variety of positive dynamics in organizations that give rise to extraordinary outcomes, often described by words, such as excellence, thriving, flourishing, abundance, vitality, and resilience. POS has a bias toward life-giving, generative, and ennobling human phenomena. It represents a value perspective based on ideas of "goodness" and positive human potential. POS is distinguished from traditional organizational studies in that it seeks to understand what represents the best of the human condition, and it does so in rigorous ways, based on scholarly research and theory. Chapters in this volume will serve as the key reference material for those interested in understanding exceptional, virtuous, life-giving, and flourishing individual and organizational behavior.
Dialogic organization development : the theory and practice of transformational change
Understanding organizational learning by focusing on "activity systems"
Building organizational intelligence : a knowledge management primer
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Theoria et praxis
Software process asset management and deployment in a multi-site organization
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
Positive organizational scholarship : foundations of a new discipline
Designing competence development systems
Learning within and between public-private partnerships
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Creating the learning organization. Volume 1, Twenty-two case studies from the real world of training
Approaches to training and development : new perspectives in organizational learning, performance, and change
Challenging and revealing
Transformative learning and border systems at work : teacher students' development project report evaluation
The business of corporate learning : insights from practice
Online learning matters : extending your organisation's learning provision
Framework for integrated evolution : a practical socio-technical approach in large-scale prosess industry
The managerial moment of truth : the essential step in helping people improve performance
The knowledge evolution : expanding organizational intelligence
"awakening" : exposition of the learning organization according to Senge
Career imprints : creating leaders across an industry
The systemic view provides a basic approach through which people may advance their understanding of knowledge production in organizations. One of the most important contributions to this systemic view is the theory of social autopoiesis which emphasizes that knowledge production of organizations can only be understood through the view of a social autopoietic system. Recent developments in the field of organization research have started to view organization as a process rather than as entity. The author combines in this book these two approaches - autopoietic systemic view and process thinking - in a way that organizations are seen as processual autopoietic systems.
Change management in developing operation reporting : case Army Materiel Command
Competing through knowledge : building a learning organisation
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
How to use Strategic Learning to rapidly respond to change and gain a sustainable advantage over your competitors. What's even harder than creating a breakthrough strategy? Making it stick. As companies are fighting to survive in a tough economy, this new book by Willie Pietersen demonstrates the power of the Strategic Learning process, a four-step dynamic cycle guaranteed to create and sustain winning performance. Adopted by a wide range of corporations and not-for-profit organizations, the Strategic Learning process builds on eight years of practicing, adapting and honing the original concep.
A Guide for Building a Learning Organization : a syllabus
Utilization of customer-related knowledge in knowledge-intensive business service organization
Shared challenge for learning : dialogue between management and front-line workers in knowledge management
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
Competence management and human resource development : a theoretical framework for understanding the practices of modern Finnish organisations
Valuable disconnects in organizational learning systems : integrating bold visions and harsh realities
Building a Learning Organization : continuous renewal of the company through knowledge and skills
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Schools for assembly line or systems thinking. Interview with Peter Senge
Turning to practice with action research
Development and the learning organisation : essays from Development in practice
Innovations of knowledge management
Improving organizationʼs efficiency with learning organization framework : case : Nokia networks EMEA S&A organization
Knowledge works : the handbook of practical ways to identify and solve common organizational problems for better performance
Becoming a Learning Organization - The Key to Surviving in the 21st Century
The inner game of work
Competence management and human resource development : theoretical framework for understanding the practices of modern Finnish organisations
Knowledge production in organizations : a processual autopoietic view
Group coaching : a practical guide to optimising collective talent in any organization
In the present economy where the only certainty is uncertainty and change is continuous, the one definite source of sustainable competitive advantage is knowledge and the ability to learn faster than your competitors. The concept of learning organisation has long been an object of debate and it is considered to be unattainable and even utopian. However, it provides a strong framework for organisational development attempts and useful tools that can be utilised for enhancing any kind of organisation's performance. The objective of this thesis is to provide a feasible framework for Budget Sport in terms of organisational learning practices that will lead to enhancing the strategic competencies of its shop level employees. The literature review begins by connecting learning organisation practice to a larger whole of strategic human resource development and competence management theories. This part also covers theories of learning, organisational learning, knowledge creation and sharing and obstacles for learning in organisations. The theoretical framework of this study is combined from these theories and its purpose is to support the empirical research. The research method was a qualitative interview of six interviewees who are employees of Budget Sport. They were chosen by their position in the company. Two of them are managers from the administrative side of the chain and four of them work in a Budget Sport store in Friisilä, Espoo. The interviews were conducted during April 2010. The results showed that in order for Budget Sport to enhance the strategic competencies of its shop level employees it has to improve its individual competence planning efforts and break down cross-departmental and cross-unit boundaries that prevent knowledge sharing. It also has to systemise its knowledge sharing attempts and provide better knowledge management tools for the Store Managers. There should be also more time dedicated for reflection and knowledge sharing within the organisation. Furthermore, learning-hindering attitudes of employees should be tracked down and tackled. In order to obtain continuous development, the company should create follow-up systems that ensure implementation of these actions.
Communication in the software vulnerability reporting process
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Developing a resource pool for virtual organization
Early childhood educational and care institutions as learning organizations
Modelling of learning network organization : summary of the doctoral dissertation
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in learning organisation
Changing the essence : the art of creating and leading fundamental change in organizations
Organizational change and strategy : an interlevel dynamics approach
Organizations change, usually driven by strategies, yet strategic management and organizational change are generally understood as separate domains in the business world. This book integrates the behavioural dynamics of learning, change and strategy at and across individual, team, interdepartmental, group and organizational levels. This new edition emphasizes what can be done in organizations to enable strategy to be effective and to help organizations to change and learn. Central to the book is a reflexive engagement approach through inviting the readers to apply concepts to their own organizational situations and via reflective exercises.
Making sense of organizational learning : putting theory into practice
Learning at work : how to support individual and organizational learning
Shaping the adaptive organization : landscapes, learning and leadership in volatile times
The learning city in the learning age
Entrepreneurial learning : new perspectives in research, education and practice
Learning organizations
The inner game of work : overcoming mental obstacles for maximum performance
Learning through knowledge management
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
Learning organisation as a driving force for enhancing competencies : case: Budget Sport
Learn or die : using science to build a leading-edge learning organization
The heart of learning organizations : exploring competence for change in schools
Knowledge orientation of organizations
Knowledge management strategies  : a handbook of applied technologies
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization  : An empirical analysis of the New Product Development process
Everything you ever needed to know about training : a one-stop shop for everyone interested in training, learning and development
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
Understanding organizational change
Learning enablers, learning outcomes, learning paths, and their relationships in organizational learning and change
Competence perspectives on learning and dynamic capabilities
Lessons learned management : learning from experience in a research & development environment
Organisational changes during the transition in Estonia : major influencing behavioural factors
Knowledge translation in the internationalization of firms
Ramp up process implementation, including language package variants, in R3, SCP and PDM systems
500 tips for developing a learning organization
Classrooms as learning communities : what's in it for schools?
Developing leadership communication using the appreciative inquiry approach
Motivation structure of end-user application developers in organisational learning
Organizational learning : creating, retaining and transferring knowledge
A model for corporate renewal : requirements for innovation management
Creating a learning society : a new approach to growth, development, and social progress
Exploiting core competencies in small businesses
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
A learning organization : machine or human
Design of a post-completion auditing system for organizational learning
Utilising the learning organization for management capacity building at Makerere University
Middle management involvement in strategy and its association with organisational learning capability
Delivering value from investments in operational development projects : a case study with special emphasis on benefits management
Collaboratively learning marketing : how organizations jointly develop and appropriate marketing knowledge
Using both theory and practical, real-world examples, the textbook considers how organisational performance can be improved through effective management of people. This unique approach to the subject enables students to relate Organisational Behaviour to Management in the broader social and cultural contexts.
The ability of a business to engage in real organisational learning and to do so faster and in a more sustainable way than its competitors is being increasingly seen as an essential component of success. In Making Sense of Organisational Learning, Cyril Kirwan examines the wide range of factors necessary to create and sustain organisational learning and knowledge at all levels. At the individual level, the generation of continuous learning opportunities and reflection on experiences are critically important. At the team level, it's about encouraging collaboration, team learning and the sharing of knowledge. At the organisational level, the emphasis is on building systems to capture and share knowledge and providing strategic leadership for learning. The book shows you how you can best exploit the knowledge that already exists within your organisation while at the same time develop the capability of the people that work there. It deals in turn with individual learning; learning with others; learning in organisations; and in particular the role of the HR function and of line managers. Each chapter provides theoretical background and real-world examples. Diagnostic questionnaires, checklists and other tools are also included.Making Sense of Organisational Learning provides an evidence-based argument for the adoption of effective organisational learning policies and practices, and offers a real opportunity to improve performance. Thinking practitioners working in and around learning and development or organisation development will find it invaluable, as will those undertaking post-graduate study in HR and related disciplines.
Strategic learning : how to become smarter than your competition and turn key insights into competitive advantage
A learning organization : machine or human?
