http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p972 owners
owners
Corporate governance: it's impact on the performance of state owned enterprises : Case Ghana
Abstract.
Complementarities in corporate governance
Home ownership and mortality : a register-based follow-up study of 300 000 Finns
Stubborn Swedes : the persistence of the Swedish corporate governance system under international reform
Corporate governance : accountability in the marketplace
Corporate governance mechanisms and firm performance : evidence from Finland
This thesis examines the development possibilities of the Degree Programme in Tourism (DPT) in Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) from the different stakeholders' perspective. The focus development area is the curriculum of the study programme which is under renewal and will be established in 2013. The aim of the thesis is to produce concrete development ideas from the experiences and opinions of the internal and external stakeholders of TAMK. The internal stakeholders are represented by the students of the DPT, and the external stakeholders are the representatives of the local labour market. The possible cooperation between the stakeholders is investigated in order to bring working life closer to the students and studies and to benefit the local businesses. Primary data was collected from the internal stakeholders with group theme interviews and from the external stakeholders with a semi-structured questionnaire, as well as with a semi-structured élite interview. Secondary data included existing data such as scientific literature, statistics, notes, the Internet, researches and other available publications. In the thesis process, the theories of competencies and qualifications were used as well as the Learning by Developing model of Laurea University of Applied Sciences discovered by benchmarking. The collected and analyzed data revealed the target areas of development. According to the internal stakeholders the improvements should be targeted to the working life relation of the studies; to the quality of education and the course contents; to the guidance received; and to the more practical approach in studies. All these would prepare the students better for the future working life. The external stakeholders stressed that the practical know-how and multidisciplinary skills are the requirements of the working life, and that the attention should be paid to the requirements imposed by the tourism industry trends in the Tampere Region in the DPT studies. The results indicate that mutually beneficial changes to the curriculum and cooperation between the stakeholders can be made, in which case the studies would prepare the students with competencies to meet the qualifications of the working life. According to the writers' of the thesis the working life relation in the studies should be emphasized more and it would also be one area for further research. Key words: Curriculum, developing, DPT, stakeholder, Tampere Region.
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
Articulating design decisions : communicate with stakeholders, keep your sanity, and deliver the best user experience
"In the wake of the recent global financial collapse the timely new edition of this successful text provides students and business professionals with a welcome update of the key issues facing managers, boards of directors, investors, and shareholders. In addition to its authoritative overview of the history, the myth and the reality of corporate governance, this new edition has been updated to include:  analysis of the financial crisis; the reasons for the global scale of the recession; the failure of international risk management; an overview of corporate governance guidelines and codes of practice; new cases. Once again in the new edition of their textbook, Robert A. G. Monks and Nell Minow show clearly the role of corporate governance in making sure the right questions are asked and the necessary checks and balances in place to protect the long-term, sustainable value of the enterprise. Features 18 case studies of institutions and corporations in crisis, and analyses the reasons for their fall (Cases include Lehman Brothers, General Motors, American Express, Time Warner, IBM and Premier Oil)"--
International Corporate Governance
The effect of managerial ownership on M&A performance
Villa Frenckell : the colourful history of an idyll in Southern Helsinki
Assessing the effectiveness of non-profit forestry organisations : an ultimate goal approach
Forest owners' social networks : possibilities to enhance knowledge exchange
An alphabetical list of ships employed in the South Sea whale fishery from Britain : 1775-1815
A Mersey mile
Rossetti's wombat : Pre-Raphaelites and Australian animals in Victorian London
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Cross shareholdings in Japan : a new unified perspective of the economic system
The Great Grisby : two thousand years of exceptional dogs
Lost plantations of the South
What to keep, what to conserve? The National library, the House of Parliament or other significant monuments, who decides and what? This essay is about the makers and the making of decisions in monumental conservations.
Corporate governance : economic and financial issues
Owning Russia : the struggle over factories, farms, and power
Venture-to-Capital : a new framework for growth venturing and professional ownership
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
Be careful what you wish for
A study of class consciousness among Georgian planters in the Antebellum period
Fat cat at large
List of shipowners & managers 2008-09
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
Widows and orphans : a novel
My shed and how it was built : a how to book
Principles of contemporary corporate governance
The black lake
The inn at Rose Harbor : a novel
Governing the firm : workers' control in theory and practice
Corporate governance in Germany : an empirical investigation
The Hotel New Hampshire
Corporate governance, auditor choice and auditor switch : evidence from China
Bernie : the biography of Bernie Ecclestone
Urban dog people : study about totemic urban dog-owner bricoleurs getting meaning into their lives
Earnings management and IPOs - evidence from Finland
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Essays on corporate governance, stakeholders, and restructuring
Summary: "This book seeks to make an intervention into the ongoing debate about the scope and intensity of global copyright laws. While mapping out the primary actors in the context of globalization and the modern political economy of information ownership, the argument is made that alternatives to further expansion of copyright are necessary. By examining the multiple and competing interests in creating the legal regime of copyright law, this books attempts to map the political economy of copyright in the information age, critique the concentration of ownership that is intrinsic in the status quo, and provide an assessment of the state of the contemporary global copyright landscape and its futures. It draws upon the current narratives of copyright as produced by corporate, government, and political actors and frames these narratives as language games within a global political project to define how information and culture will be shared and exchanged in the future. The text problematizes the relationship of the state to culture, comments on the global flows of culture, and critiques the regulatory apparatus that is in place to commodify culture and align it with the contemporary nation-state. In the end, the possibility of non-commodified and more open futures are explored. The State of Copyright will be of particular interest for students and scholars of international political economy, law, political science, anthropology, sociology, cultural studies, library sciences, and communication studies. It also will appeal to a growing popular audience that has taken an interest in the issues of copyright. "--.
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
The racing tribe : portrait of a British subculture
A cat called Norton : the true story of an extraordinary cat and his imperfect human
Satisfaction and company loyalty as expressed by non-industrial private forest owners towards timber procurement organizations in Finland
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Every thing we touch : a 24-hour inventory of our lives
Shareownership in Finland 2015.
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
Forest owners' acceptance of incentive based policy instruments in forest biodiversity conservation : a choice experiment based approach
Family business ownership : how to be an effective shareholder
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
The art of racing in the rain
Developing degree programme in tourism in Tampere university of applied sciences : stakeholders' perspective
Econometric models of Finnish non-industrial private forest owners' timber supply and timber stock
Within and cross-country differences in the value relevance of fair values
Measuring the performance of owner-managed firms : a systems approach
Owners' way or the highway: : short-term expectations and owner impatience
Female entrepreneurs in nineteenth-century Russia
Safeguarding shareholder investments in Russia : a corporate governance perspective
The misadventures of Sweetie Pie
Corporate Governance in China
What is corporate governance?
Ownership and corporate governance in Finland: a review of development trends
Essentials of strategic management
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Masters of the big house : elite slaveholders of the mid-nineteenth-century South
The implications of ownership experienced by three types of owners
Boosters of and barriers to smooth communication in family forest owners' decision making
Keeping good company : a study of corporate governance in five countries
Corporate governance and stock returns: evidence from the S&P 500
Stakeholder theory : a European perspective
For the love of a dog : understanding emotion in you and your best friend
Institutional investors as shareholders : the case of pension funds
Peter was a confirmed loner and cat hater, until he was given a small, grey (and impeccably handsome) kitten with folded ears by his then girlfriend. The girlfriend went but Norton stayed - in fact, he and Peter became inseparable. But, after learning how to love his cat, would Peter now learn how to love another human too?
How to be a dog
Understanding business ethics
Ownership structure and productivity in Russian companies
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Tropical capitalism : the industrialization of Belo Horizonte, Brazil
The marketing director's role in business planning and corporate governance
Evaluation of the multicriteria approval method for timber-harvesting group decision support
Modelling non-industrial private forest landowners' strategic decision making by using logistic regression and neural networks: case of predicting the choice of forest taxation basis
Analysis of the effect of the change in board composition of the companies listed in London Stock Exchange FTSE 100 Index on the effectiveness of the boards’ risk management decision as measured by market-based beta between 2007 and 2010
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume I
Nordic corporate governance revisited
97 ways to make a dog smile
"Doing inspires".
Corporate governance regimes : convergence and diversity
Comparative corporate governance : the state of the art and emerging research
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
Art in a season of revolution : painters, artisans, and patrons in Early America
A dog's best friend : the secrets that make good dog owners great
American showman : Samuel "Roxy" Rothafel and the birth of the entertainment industry 1908-1935
Homeowners' associations in Russia after the 2005 housing reform
Harvard business review on corporate governance
Firm commitment : why the corporation is failing us and how to restore trust in it
Decision making in monumental conservations
The internal factors influencing restaurant owners’  growth decisions : Small and medium restaurants in Xiaogan
Business Transfer Ecosystems and Awareness Raising Activities : Situation Analysis of Five European countries
Shakespeare's First folio : four centuries of an iconic book
Objectives and motivations of small-scale forest owners : theoretical modelling and qualitative assessment
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
The state of copyright : the complex relationships of cultural creation in a globalized world
Summary.
German versus Nordic board models : form, function and convergence
Corporate governance
A reference book listing almost 600 whale ships employed in the Southern Fishery from Britain for the first forty years of that industry. A snapshots of the 'life histories' of each ship in terms of owners, masters and voyages is provided for this global trade.
Corporate governance and sustainable prosperity
Do forest owners share the public's values? An application of Schwartz's value theory
Effects of sale-specific factors on stumpage prices in Finland
Corporate governance : responsibilities, risks and remuneration
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
The Analysis of Restaurant Industry In Kuopio Region
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Is the Finnish Corporate Governance converging towards the Anglo-American model?
The impact of shareholder involvement in the nomination process on board diversity
Hertonäs Manor : from landed property to a museum
Love Letters : a Rose Harbor novel
Rose Harbor in bloom : a novel
Internal control, risk management and internal audit in Finnish public companies
Population, economic welfare and holding size distribution of private forestland in Alabama, USA
Globalisation of business in a small country : does ownership matter?
Forest owners' decision support in voluntary biodiversity-protection projects
The board of directors as a part of family business governance : multilevel participation and board development
Women gallerists : in the 20th and 21st centuries
Creation stories : riots, raves and running a label
97 ways to make a cat like you
Dynamic dividend behaviour of Finnish firms and dividend decision under dual income taxation
Managing Mental Standards with Corporate Citizenship Profiles
The powerful bond between people and pets : our boundless connections to companion animals
