http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9739 beech
beech Fagus
Frequently isolated endophytes from the Japanese beech Endophytic fungal composition, their temporal variations in colonization rate and distribution in Northern Japan
A model for the diameter-height distribution in an uneven-aged beech forest and a method to assess the fit of such models
Lithocarpus yangchunensis (Fagaceae), a new species from Guangdong, China
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Abstract.
Influence of aluminium on mineral uptake by beech (Fagus sylvatica) and spruce (Picea abies) roots
The ecological and silvicultural bases for underplanting beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) below Norway spruce shelterwood (Picea abies L. Karst.)
Relationship between empty seed and genetic factors in European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.)
The ecology and biogeography of Nothofagus forests
Should planting of broad-leaved species be encouraged at the expense of spruce? : an economic approach to a current southern Swedish forestry issue
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
Den skandinaviska bokskogens biologi = The ecology of the Scandinavian beechwoods
Short rotation forestry for energy single stem plantations : contractor report
Environmental stress on establishment and growth in Fagus sylvatica L. and Quercus robur L. seedlings
Feasibility of wood peeling assisted by infrared heating
Forest tree seed quality determination based on enzyme activities
Examples of genetic studies in Acer, Fagus, Fraximus, Quercus and Ulmus
Buxus : the surrealistic buxus
Environmental effects on spatial and seasonal variations of stem respiration in European beech and Norway spruce
Suserup Skov : structures and processes in a temperate, deciduos forest reserve
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Plant proanthocyanidins : characterization and quantification by degradation methods, HPLC-DAD/ESI-MS and NMR
Relationships between recent changes of growth and nutrition of Norway spruce, Scots pine, and European beech forests in Europe : recognition
Functioning and management of European beech ecosystems
Value of complete information on red heartwood formation in beech (Fagus sylvatica)
Seeds of forest broadleaves from harvest to sowing
Factors affecting nitrification in European forest soils
Macrofungi of Swedish beech forest
The nature and importance of long-term soil acidification in Swedish forest ecosystems
Valuable broadleaved forests in Europe
Soil acidification and element fluxes as related to tree species in deciduous forests of south Sweden
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Influence of weather on growth and reproduction of beech
Beech forests
3. IUFRO-Buchensymposium
Study of phenological traits and frost hardiness in beech : evaluation of three hardiness test methods
Genetics and silviculture of beech : proceedings from the 5th beech symposium of the IUFRO Project Group P1.10-00, 19-24 September 1994, Mogenstrup, Denmark
Preservative treatment of beech
Beech forests of the Apennines : new populations and relicts of a continental forest
Comparison of tree stem diameter variations in beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) in Sorø Denmark and in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Hyytiälä, Finland
Effect of boric acid treatment on mechanical properties of laminated beech veneer lumber
Foliage and branch biomass estimation of coniferous and deciduous tree species
Frost-hardiness testing using the electrolyte-leakage method in a Danish beech provenance trial
Quercus : the oak and diversity
A comparison of optical and direct methods for monitoring the seasonal dynamics of leaf area index in deciduous forests
Using the process-based stand model ANAFORE inculing Bayesian optimisation to predict wood quality and quantity and their uncertainty in Slovenian beech
Nitrogen cycling in a mature mountainous beech forest
Transpiration and water budgets of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) dominated stands in relation to canopy structure
Beech (Fagus sylvatica) seedling growth and nutrition : effects of acid soil and liming
Southern beeches
The Late Holocene history of beech Fagus sylvatica and Norway spruce Picea abies at stand-scale in southern Sweden
Foraging ecology of two bark foraging passerine birds in an old-growth temperate forest
