http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9734 mind and body
mind and body
Science and Sensation in Romantic Poetry
Emphasizing the concepts and technologies of clinical psychophysiology in providing an evidence-based empirical approach to problems of patients in primary care medicine, this text has a bio-psychosocial perspective.
Danse et body-mind centering = Dance and body-mind centering
Psyche and soma : physicians and metaphysicians on the mind-body problem from antiquity to enlightenment
The metaphysics of mind
Your health destiny : how to unlock your natural ability to overcome illness, feel better, and live longer
The lost cause : causation and the mind-body problem
In 2007, Kathryn Roulston was contracted to evaluate the implementation of a 3-year federally funded programme at a family medicine residency in the United States. The residency accepted 10-12 residents each June to prepare for careers in family medicine. Working with several national experts in relevant areas, faculty involved in the delivery of the behavioural sciences curriculum planned to introduce preparation in mind, body, medicine and spirituality across the 3-year residency programme. Roulston's work as an external evaluator involved documenting the programme implementation and providing feedback to those involved in programme delivery about residents' perspectives and experiences relative to the mind, body, medicine and spirituality training programme. This case study describes some of the methodological issues that arose during the course of the project.
Descartes and the Passionate Mind
Heal thyself : an explanation of the real cause and cure of disease
Grounding Cognition : The Role of Perception and Action in Memory, Language, and Thinking
The origins of movement : the embodiment of early embryological development
How you stand, how you move, how you live : learning the Alexander technique to explore your mind-body connection and achieve self-mastery
Mind and matter : the Tarner lectures delivered at Trinity College, Cambridge, in October 1956
The relation of muscular action potentials to imaginal weight lifting
How Societies Remember
Psyche : on the development of the soul. Part 1, The unconscious
Wittgenstein's philosophy of mind
Knowledge, Thought, and the Case for Dualism
In treating memory as a cultural rather than an individual faculty, this book provides an account of how bodily practices are transmitted in, and as, traditions. Most studies of memory as a cultural faculty focus on written, or inscribed transmissions of memories. Paul Connerton, on the other hand, concentrates on bodily (or incorporated) practices, and so questions the currently dominant idea that literary texts may be taken as a metaphor for social practices generally. The author argues that images of the past and recollected knowledge of the past are conveyed and sustained by ritual performances and that performative memory is bodily. Bodily social memory is an essential aspect of social memory, but it is an aspect which has until now been badly neglected. An innovative study, this work should be of interest to researchers into social, political and anthropological thought as well as to graduate and undergraduate students.
Does consciousness cause behavior?
Yoga for body, breath and mind : a guide to personal reintegration
Locke's touchy subjects : materialism and immortality
In her work with over 500 clients, shamanic psychotherapist Abby Wynne noticed repetitive patterns of stress in her clients that, once healed, created a huge space for wellness, happiness, peace and empowerment. In How to Be Well, Abby offers her best methods for readers to take their wellbeing into their own hands. Through simple explanations and highly practical exercises, readers will receive a greater awareness of themselves and will learn how to actively work with heart, mind and soul to create deep transformational change. In this book, Abby teaches how to create stronger boundaries, heal relationships and release stress and anxiety. As a result of a decrease in stress levels, readers who complete the exercises in this book may also experience healing of physical pain, feel more present in their lives and obtain a stronger feeling of peace and stability in the world.
A materialist theory of the mind
Modern materialism : readings on mind-body identity
Handbook of mind-body medicine for primary care
Examines the process of practice as it relates to learning, and shows that it can build discipline and clarity, and be a fulfilling process in and of itself.
Philosophy of mind : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 2, The mind-body problem
Beyond human nature : how culture and experience shape the human mind
Theories of the mind
Although the ability to retain, process, and project prior experience onto future situations is indispensable, the human mind also possesses the ability to override experience and adapt to changing circumstances. Cognitive scientist Stellan Ohlsson analyzes three types of deep, non-monotonic cognitive change: creative insight, adaptation of cognitive skills by learning from errors, and conversion from one belief to another, incompatible belief. For each topic, Ohlsson summarizes past research, re-formulates the relevant research questions, and proposes information-processing mechanisms that answer those questions. The three theories are based on the principles of redistribution of activation, specialization of practical knowledge, and re-subsumption of declarative information. Ohlsson develops the implications of those mechanisms by scaling their effects with respect to time, complexity, and social interaction. The book ends with a unified theory of non-monotonic cognitive change that captures the abstract properties that the three types of change share.
The mind-body problem : a guide to the current debate
Other minds
Identity, consciousness and value
A model of the mind : explored by hypnotically controlled experiments and examined for its psychodynamic implications
Mind and matter : an appraisal of their significance for neurologic theory
Mental causation : the mind-body problem
What are you hungry for? : the Chopra solution to permanent weight loss, well-being, and lightness of soul
Deep Learning : How the Mind Overrides Experience
Coyote nation : sexuality, race, and conquest in modernizing New Mexico, 1880-1920
Mind, matter, and quantum mechanics
The embodied mind
One of the key questions in cognitive psychology is how people represent knowledge about concepts such as football or love. Some researchers have proposed that concepts are represented in human memory by the sensorimotor systems that underlie interaction with the outside world. These theories represent developments in cognitive science to view cognition no longer in terms of abstract information processing, but in terms of perception and action. In other words, cognition is grounded in embodied experiences. Studies show that sensory perception and motor actions support understanding of words and object concepts. Moreover, even understanding of abstract and emotion concepts can be shown to rely on more concrete, embodied experiences. Finally, language itself can be shown to be grounded in sensorimotor processes. This book brings together theoretical arguments and empirical evidence from several key researchers in this field to support this framework.
Intuition : the inside story : interdisciplinary perspectives
The mind
Substance, body, and soul : Aristotelian investigations
Body and mind : past, present, and future
Deleuze and the body
On Cadavers & Images
Descartes is often accused of having fragmented the human being into two independent substances, mind and body, with no clear strategy for explaining the apparent unity of human experience. Deborah Brown argues that, contrary to this view, Descartes did in fact have a conception of a single, integrated human being, and that in his view this conception is crucial to the success of human beings as rational and moral agents and as practitioners of science. The passions are pivotal in this, and in a rich and wide-ranging discussion she examines Descartes' place in the tradition of thought about the passions, the metaphysics of actions and passions, sensory representation, and Descartes' account of self-mastery and virtue. Her study is an important and original reading not only of Descartes' account of mind-body unity but also of his theory of mind.
The relationship between mind and matter, mental states and physical states, has occupied the attention of philosophers for thousands of years. Richard Fumerton's primary concern is the knowledge argument for dualism - an argument that proceeds from the idea that we can know truths about our existence and our mental states without knowing any truths about the physical world. This view has come under relentless criticism, but here Fumerton makes a powerful case for its rehabilitation, demonstrating clearly the importance of its interconnections with a wide range of other controversies within philosophy. Fumerton analyzes philosophical views about the nature of thought and the relation of those views to arguments for dualism, and investigates the connection between a traditional form of foundationalism about knowledge, and a foundationalist view about thought that underlies traditional arguments for dualism. His book will be of great interest to those studying epistemology and the philosophy of mind.
Mind myths : exploring popular assumptions about the mind and brain
The healing dimensions : resolving trauma in bodymind and spirit : introducing holographic memory resolution for the healing of physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual blockages to health and well-being
Mind, brain, and the quantum : the compound 'I'
The intelligent universe
Common to body and soul : philosophical approaches to explaining living behaviour in Greco-Roman antiquity
The spiritual brain : a neuroscientist's case for the existence of soul
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Intellect : mind over matter
Consciousness and its objects
Mind and body
The Politics of Anxiety in Nineteenth-Century American Literature
Emotion and Object
Studies in metaphysics
In this book, Mark Rowlands challenges the Cartesian view of the mind as a self-contained monadic entity, and offers in its place a radical externalist or environmentalist model of cognitive processes. Cognition is not something done exclusively in the head, but fundamentally something done in the world. Drawing on both evolutionary theory and a detailed examination of the processes involved in perception, memory, thought and language use, Rowlands argues that cognition is, in part, a process whereby creatures manipulate and exploit relevant objects in their environment. It is not simply an internal process of information processing; equally significantly, it is an external process of information processing. This innovative book provides a foundation for an unorthodox but increasingly popular view of the nature of cognition.
The psychophysiology of mental imagery : theory, research, and application
Brings together in a systematic way Anthony Kenny's work in the philosopy of mind. It is intended as a sustained attack on a false view of the mind, the Cartesian view, and a demonstration that clarity is impossible without good metaphysics.
The mental as physical
A study in the philosophy of mind, centred on the problem of 'intentionality' the sense in which emotions can be said to have objects, their relation to these objects, and the implications of this relation for our understanding of human action and behaviour. Dr Wilson sets his enquiry against a broad historical background on what distinguishes man from inanimate objects by describing both Cartesian view of man is matter plus mind and the neo-Wittgensteinian view that there is a dynamic behavioural difference – causal notions being often inapplicable to human action. Dr Wilson goes on to show the controversies and arguments that arise from the notion of intentionality cannot be analysed in causal terms.  Dr Wilson believes that this notion can be shown causally and sets out to prove it.  Finally, he brings this argument to a larger context mentioning that it has far-reaching effects in natural and social sciences.
The Oxford companion to the mind
The mind parasites
Mind-body : a pluralistic interpretation of mind-body interaction under the guidelines of time, space, and movement
Mind design : philosophy, psychology, artificial intelligence
Physicalism
Examining key questions regarding human embodiment, this text explores both the corporeal nature of social life and the social nature of the human body. It will be of interest to new students in the area and the more established community alike.
Robert Kirk attempts to answer the problem of consciousness that derives from the notorious gap beween our knowledge of ourselves as matter and our subjective knowledge of what we experience.
Foundations in craniosacral biodynamics. Volume two, The sentient embryo, tissue intelligence, and trauma resolution
Mind-body deceptions : the psychosomatics of everyday life
The Body in Mind : Understanding Cognitive Processes
Raw feeling : a philosophical account of the essence of consciousness
On the intercourse between the soul and the body ; which is supposed to take place either by physical influx, or by spiritual influx, or by pre-established harmony
The body/mind conceptual framework & the problem of personal identity : some theories in philosophy, psychoanalysis & neurology
The body keeps the score : mind, brain and body in the transformation of trauma
In the zone : transcendent experience in sports
The mind-body problem : a psychobiological approach
A study on the foundations of cognitivism
Body experience : the subjective dimension of psyche and soma : contributions to psychosomatic medicine
The exploration of the transformation that occurs during the first eight weeks of development gives great insights into human anatomy and physiology and how we relate to ourselves and our environment. This is a DVD of Bonnie.s two-day workshop on Embryological Development given in Cologne, Germany in 2007.
The new talkpower
"It ain't all in the head!" : Situating cognition to the body and the surrounding world
Body and mind
A somatic approach to well-being, biodynamic craniosacral therapy (BCST) is known for its gentleness and effectiveness in treating a variety of traumas and imbalances. BCST teacher Franklyn Sills emphasizes the suspensory nature of the human system, reviewing and deepening our understanding of the "three bodies", the physical, the fluid, and the tidal. Sills focuses on the earliest phases of life--the embryonic period and the pre and perinatal experience--and includes chapters devoted to birth, birth dynamics, and craniosacral approaches that treat both birth trauma and the tissue patterns it generates. A truly practical manual, Volume two closes with important information on the neurophysiology of stress and trauma and related craniosacral and verbal skills.
Cybernetics and the philosophy of mind
Science of consciousness, psychotherapy and yoga praxis
The betrayal of the body
Achieving the mind-body-spirit connection : a stress management workbook
A cognitive scientist describes how the influence of experience and culture can override DNA in an attempt to shatter the myth that illness and addiction are unavoidable as dictated by genetic composition.
A collection of essays on the approaches and applications of Deleuze's philosophy to the body.
Molecules of emotion : why you feel the way you feel
The future of the human mind
The concept of mind
Integrative body-mind-spirit social work : an empirically based approach to assessment and treatment
Romantic poets, notably Wordsworth, Blake, Coleridge and Keats, were deeply interested in how perception and sensory experience operate, and in the connections between sense-perception and aesthetic experience. Noel Jackson tracks this preoccupation through the Romantic period and beyond, both in relation to late eighteenth-century human sciences, and in the context of momentous social transformations in the period of the French Revolution. Combining close readings of the poems with interdisciplinary research into the history of the human sciences, Noel Jackson sheds light on Romantic efforts to define how art is experienced in relation to the newly emerging sciences of the mind and shows the continued relevance of these ideas to our own habits of cultural and historical criticism today. This book will be of interest not only to scholars of Romanticism, but also to those interested in the intellectual interrelations between literature and science.
For much of the nineteenth century, the nervous system was a medical mystery, inspiring scientific studies and exciting great public interest. Because of this widespread fascination, the nerves came to explain the means by which mind and body related to each other. By the 1830s, the nervous system helped Americans express the consequences on the body, and for society, of major historical changes. Literary writers, including Nathaniel Hawthorne and Harriet Beecher Stowe, used the nerves as a metaphor to re-imagine the role of the self amidst political, social and religious tumults, including debates about slavery and the revivals of the Second Great Awakening. Representing the 'romance' of the nervous system and its cultural impact thoughtfully and, at times, critically, the fictional experiments of this century helped construct and explore a neurological vision of the body and mind. Murison explains the impact of neurological medicine on nineteenth-century literature and culture.
The social body : habit, identity and desire
Shadow warrior : secrets of invisibility, mind reading, and thought control
Metaphysical anatomy : your body is talking, are you listening?. Volume one
In this beautifully written personal meditation on life and living, Raymond Tallis reflects on the fundamental fact of existence: that it is finite. Inspired by E. M. Forster's thought that "Death destroys a man but the idea of it saves him," Tallis invites readers to look back on their lives from a unique standpoint: one's own future corpse. From this perspective, he shows, the world now vacated can be seen most clearly in all its richness and complexity. Tallis blends lyrical reflection, humor, and the occasional philosophical argument as he explores his own postmortem recollections. He considers the biological processes and the senses that opened up his late world and the million-nooked space in which he passed his life. His inert, dispossessed body highlights his ceaseless activity in life, the mind-boggling inventory of his possessions, and the togetherness and apartness that characterized his relationships in the material and social worlds. Tallis also touches on the idea of a posthumous life in the memories of those who outlive him. Readers who accompany Tallis as he considers his life through death will appreciate with new intensity the precariousness and preciousness of life, for here he succeeds in his endeavor to make "the shining hour" shine more brightly.
The black mirror : looking at Life through death
The practicing mind : developing focus and discipline in your life : master any skill or challenge by learning to love the process
Philosophy of mind
The absent body : a phenomenological anatomy
How to be well : use your own natural resources to get well and stay well for life
Thoughts : papers on mind, meaning, and modality
Scepticism and the first person
The Nature of mind
Qualitative evaluation : a curricula program on mind body medicine and spirituality in a family medicine residency
Mind and materialism
Soul and body in Husserlian phenomenology : man and nature
Epistemology : theory of knowledge
History of the mind-body problem
