http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9749 bays
bays gulfs
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Yearbook 2006 : Lahti Polytechnic Institute of Design
Audit of Lahti University of Applied Sciences 2016
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
Choosing a dry toilet model for public use : case: Ho Central Market, Ghana
Cross-evaluation 4 : final report : FUAS quality policy
Nieuwe paskaart voor een gedeelte van de Oost-Zee = Nouvelle carte hydrographique d'une partie de la Mer Baltique = Nya pass cort öfwer yen dehl af Oster-Siöön = The new sea map of the second of the East-Sea
Introducing dry toilet technology to households : case: Ho Municipality in Ghana
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : evaluation of the regulatory system
Effects of urbanization on seasonal runoff generation and pollutant transport under cold climate
Aerial photography and digital image analysis as a method for mapping macrophytes in shallow soft-bottom lagoons in the Åland archipelago
Hiihdon maailmanmestaruuskilpailut Lahti 1989 = The World Ski Championship Lahti Finland 1989 = Ski-Weltmeisterschaften Lahti 1989 : 17.-26.2.1989, Suomi-Finland. Hiihto : naiset 4 x 5 km, CL/F = Cross-country : ladies 4 x 5 km, CL/F = Langlauf : Damen 4 x 5 km, CL/F
Satavuotias Lahden kaupunki : lyhyt historia = The city of Lahti at the century mark : a brief history
Nature sights in Lahti and downtown park trail
A map or chart of the Gulfs of Finland and Livonia with their respective ports and harbours, together with a large Plan of Kroonstad and St. Petersburg, taken from an original drawing lately sent from St. Petersburg
The outtermost or the fartheste parte of the Easterne Sea eastwardly, the which lyeth inclosed with in the coastes of East Finland, Rusland, & Lyffland, and wherein lye the Narve and Wyburgh the twoo furthermost places or marchante townes of the whole Easterne Navigation, with all the circumstances of the situation, the isles and Swedish rockes called Schares
Assessment of the impacts of an oil spill on the populations of common guillemot (Uria aalge) and long-tailed duck (Clangula hyemalis) - an expert knowledge based Bayesian network for the Gulf of Finland
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : review on policy instruments
Lahti Historic Rally 2012 : FIA European Historic Sporting Rally Championship
More studies on the water exchange and the nutrients of the gulf of Riga
Molecular and isotopic characterization of terrestrial organic carbon released to (sub-)Arctic coastal waters
The effect of turbidity on the ecology of pike larvae
Lahti : the green design city
Mixed-stock exploitation of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) and seal-induced damage in the coastal trap-net fishery of the Gulf of Bothnia : challenges and potential solutions
Marine geology of Tomales Bay, Central California
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Myodocopid Ostracoda of Pillar Point Harbor, Half Moon Bay, California
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Externalities of shipping in the Gulf of Finland until 2015
Kisatunnelmia : Lahti 2001 = Lahti 2001 : FIS Nordic World Ski Championships
Lahti 2001 : FIS Nordic World Ski Championship. Women : 15 km C (12.1 + 2.9 km), 5 km C (5 km B), 5 km F pursuit (5 km A), 10 km C (10 km), 30 km F (3x10 km)
Hiihdon maailmanmestaruuskilpailut Lahti 1989 = The World Ski Championship Lahti Finland 1989 = Ski-Weltmeisterschaften Lahti 1989 : 17.-26.2.1989, Suomi-Finland. Hiihto : miehet 50 km, F = Cross-country : men 50 km, F = Langlauf : Herren 50 km, F.
Utilization of incident reporting in the Finnish maritime industry
An innovative milieu - a view on regional reputation building : case study of the Lahti urban region
Recent eutrophication of coastal waters in southern Finland : a palaeolimnological assessment
Research, Development and Innovation Activities at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Practices in cooperation between universities and businesses
Wave growth in a narrow bay
New themes for vocational education
The official book of the World Ski Championships Lahti Finland 1989
Lahti 2001 : FIS Nordic World Ski Championship. Nordic Combined Cross Country : 15 km 3x5 km A, 4x5 km A Team, 7.5 km sprint 3x2.5 km
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Innovations for competence management : conference proceedings
Assessment of the status of the zoobenthos in the coastal waters of western Uusimaa, S Finland – a tool for management
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
Interprofessional and International Learning Experiences in Social and Health Care Higher Education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The Experience of Shopping for Tourists
Research, development and innovation activities at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
Moderni suomalainen : Luhdan ensimmäiset sata vuotta = Luhta's one hundred years of success
Maritime transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2007 and in 2015
Dynamics of dissolved organic matter and its bioavailability to heterotrophic bacteria in the Gulf of Finland, Northern Baltic Sea
A General Chart of the Baltic or East Sea, including the Gulfs of Bothnia and Finland : compiled from the Surveys
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
Lahti environmental balance sheet 2005
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
The Iranian threat to close the Strait of Hormuz : a violation of international law
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
Experience Exchange : a guide to the Lahti Institute of Design and Fine Arts for the Exchange Students
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran contamination of sediments and photochemical decontamination of soils
Shared vision and network leadership in regional development : case: the Lahti Region in Finland
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Kristalli : festiv[e] number for the opening of Sylvia-koti hall, Easter 1987.
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Transforming maritime safety culture : evaluation of the impacts of the ISM Code on maritime safety culture in Finland
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Lahden kuvat = Bilder av Lahti = Scenes of Lahti = Bilder von Lahti = Vidy Lahti
Regional development platform analysis as a tool for regional innovation policy
Salpausselkä I end moraine, morphology and stratigraphy, Lahti
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Intercultural and interprofessional environment in the social and health care higher education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Economic valuation of ecosystem services of the Gulf of Finland : a pilot study with the choice experiment method
Long term changes in marine ecosystem : ecological relationships between Tomales Bay and adjacent shelf waters
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
Travelling on the Ice over the Gulf of Bothnia to Finland
Natural succession and human-induced changes in the soft-bottom macrovegetation of shallow brackish bays on the southern coast of Finland
Developing Archaeological Database in Finland : case: Lahti City Museum
Sibelius Hall - a flagship for timber construction
Lahti highlights : focus on industry and commerce in the Lahti region
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Sport Tourism and Destination Marketing. Case: Innsbruck and Lahti
Years of light 1972-2012
Building business foresight for future demands of business people
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Sensitivity tests of a two-layer hydrodynamic model in the Gulf of Finland with different atmospheric forcings
Distribution and role of macrophytes in coastal lagoons : implications of critical shifts
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
Lahti 2001 : FIS Nordic World Ski Championship. Relay : Women 4x5 km, C + F, 5 km B C, 5 km A F : Men 4x10 km, C + F, 2x5 km B C, 2x5 km A F.
Lahti : the smallest big city in Europe
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Lahti University of Applied Sciences : Exploring wellbeing together
Foreign student’ involvement in the enhancement of operations at University of Applied Sciences : case: Niemi Campus
Lahti 2001 : FIS Nordic World Ski Championship. Sprint 1.5 km F : women, men
Microbial community composition in various soils and groundwater deposits and effects of long-term pesticide contamination
Microplankton from the Finnish waters during the month of May 1912
Water exchange and mixing in a semi-enclosed coastal basin (Pohja Bay)
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The present ecological state of Sortavala Bay and its surrounding areas, Northern Lake Ladoga : a case study of the TACIS project MAQREL (TSPF/0302/0033)
A recent change in size distribution of blue mussels (Mytilus edulis) in the western part of the Gulf of Finland
Hiihdon maailmanmestaruuskilpailut Lahti 1989 = The World Ski Championship Lahti Finland 1989 = Ski-Weltmeisterschaften Lahti 1989 : 17.-26.2.1989, Suomi-Finland. Hiihto : miehet 15 km, Cl = Cross-country : men 15 km, Cl = Langlauf : Herren 15 km, Cl
Hiihdon maailmanmestaruuskilpailut Lahti 1989 = The World Ski Championship Lahti Finland 1989 = Ski-Weltmeisterschaften Lahti 1989 : 17.-26.2.1989, Suomi-Finland. Hiihto : naiset 15 km, Cl = Cross-country : ladies 15 km, Cl = Langlauf : Damen  15 km, Cl
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
History of Lahti Ski Games
Development of Russian ports in the Gulf of Finland
Hiihdon maailmanmestaruuskilpailut Lahti 1989 = The World Ski Championship Lahti Finland 1989 = Ski-Weltmeisterschaften Lahti 1989 : 17.-26.2.1989, Suomi-Finland. Hiihto : miehet 4 x 10 km, CL/F = Cross-country : men  4 x 10 km, CL/F = Langlauf : Herren 4 x 10 km, CL/F
The summer book
50 years of Lahti glass
