http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9742 I
I
Motifs : the transformative creation of self
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
The self and social relationships
The singular self : an introduction to the psychology of personhood
I am : a philosophical inquiry into first-person being
Psychological perspectives on the self. Vol. 4, The self in social perspective
Towards modelling of human relationships:nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
Online representation of the self : self-branding in four fitness blogs
Neo-slave narratives : studies in the social logic of a literary form
Auschwitz and afterimages : abjection, witnessing, and representation
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Self, no self? : perspectives from analytical, phenomenological, and Indian traditions
Self and subjectivity
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Subjects of experience
From a Sadraean point of view : toward an ontetic elimination of the subjectivistic self
Liberation from self : a theory of personal autonomy
To succeed is to believe : comparison of self-efficacy beliefs in language learning between learner groups of English and Swedish in Finland
The self and self-knowledge
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
Impious fidelity : Anna Freud, psychoanalysis, politics
Narrative identity
The effect of amputation on body image and well-being : a systematic review
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
Can you be a self on your own or only together with others? Is selfhood a built-in feature of experience or rather socially constructed? How do we at all come to understand others? Does empathy amount to and allow for a distinct experiential acquaintance with others, and if so, what does that tell us about the nature of selfhood and social cognition? Does a strong emphasis on the first-personal character of consciousness prohibit a satisfactory account of intersubjectivity or is the former rather a necessary requirement for the latter? Engaging with debates and findings in classical phenomenology, in philosophy of mind and in various empirical disciplines, Dan Zahavi's new book Self and Other offers answers to these questions. Discussing such diverse topics as self-consciousness, phenomenal externalism, mindless coping, mirror self-recognition, autism, theory of mind, embodied simulation, joint attention, shame, time-consciousness, embodiment, narrativity, self-disorders, expressivity and Buddhist no-self accounts, Zahavi argues that any theory of consciousness that wishes to take the subjective dimension of our experiential life serious must endorse a minimalist notion of self. At the same time, however, he also contends that an adequate account of the self has to recognize its multifaceted character, and that various complementary accounts must be integrated, if we are to do justice to its complexity. Thus, while arguing that the most fundamental level of selfhood is not socially constructed and not constitutively dependent upon others, Zahavi also acknowledges that there are dimensions of the self and types of self-experience that are other-mediated. The final part of the book exemplifies this claim through a close analysis of shame.
The seminar of Jacques Lacan. Book 2, The ego in Freud's theory and in the technique of psychoanalysis 1954-1955
Indexicality and idealism : the self in philosophical perspective
Ego states : theory and therapy
The immune self : theory or metaphor?
Trauma and self
The ego trick
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
The narcissistic/borderline couple : new approaches to marital therapy
Narrative, identity and the Kierkegaardian self
The seven spiritual laws of yoga : a practical guide to healing body, mind, and spirit
Melancholy, love, and time : boundaries of the self in ancient literature
The self : naturalism, consciousness, and the first-person stance
Grimm fairy tales presents Neverland
Self and social change
Twentieth century poetry : selves and situations
The psychology of justice and legitimacy
The mind made flesh : essays from the frontiers of psychology and evolution
The Japanese self in cultural logic
The wild region in life-history
Handbook of neurosociology
Changing conceptions of psychological life
Analytical Buddhism : the two-tiered illusion of self
Milton's peculiar grace : self-representation and authority
The drama of the gifted child : the search for the true self
Internal rhetorics : toward a history and theory of self-persuasion
The self?
Ego ontogenesis and human behavior
The Cultural psychology of self : place, morality and art in human worlds
Language and identities
From neurosis to growth in The Fire-Dwellers : "I didn't see that at one time, but I see it now"
Who one is. Book 1, Meontology of the "I" : a transcendental phenomenology
Mirror, mirror : the uses and abuses of self-love
From madrigal to opera : Monteverdi's staging of the self
The self in time : developmental perspectives
Fifteen-year-old Tiger Lily receives special protections from the spiritual forces of Neverland, but then she meets her tribe's most dangerous enemy--Peter Pan--and falls in love with him.
The book of me : life coach yourself to success
Poetry and philosophy from Homer to Rousseau : romantic souls, realist lives
The Relational self : theoretical convergences in psychoanalysis and social psychology
I : the meaning of the first person term
Tiger Lily
Finnish high school students and possible L2 selves
The identity of the self
The nature of the self : recognition in the form of right and morality
The minds I : fantasies and reflections on self & soul
The religion of reality : inquiry into the self, art, and transcendence
Autoethnography and the other : unsettling power through utopian performatives
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 4, Culture and identity
Plotinus on self : the philosophy of the 'we'
Civilization and the human subject
Semiotics, self, and society
The site of our lives : the self and the subject from Emerson to Foucault
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Egonomics : what makes ego our greatest asset (or most expensive liability)
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Balzac and the little chinese seamstress
The zahir : a novel of Obsession
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
The collected works of C. G. Jung. Vol. 9, pt. 2, Aion : researches into the phenomenology of the self
Doubles : studies in literary history
The self in early modern literature : for the common good
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
The self illusion : how the social brain creates identity
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
My history of disappearing
Psychological dimensions of the self
Self and other : exploring subjectivity, empathy, and shame
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Self and others : object relations theory in practice
Moonglow : a novel
Explores contemporary problems of self, time, narrative, and death by drawing on insights from Kierkegaard.
Giving an account of oneself
Phenomenology : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 1, Phenomenology : central tendencies and concepts
The winter king : a novel of Arthur
Self-identity and everyday life
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
The wellness syndrome
Subjectivity and selfhood : investigating the first-person perspective
Self and motivation : emerging psychological perspectives
I heart me : the science of self-love
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
Lady : my life as a bitch
Self : ancient and modern insights about individuality, life, and death
Care or control of the self? : Norbert Elias, Michel Foucault, and the subject in the 21st century
The greentail mouse
Perspectives on motivation
Inventing personality : Gordon Allport and the science of selfhood
Our politics, our selves? : liberalism, identity, and harm
The untethered soul : the journey beyond yourself
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
"Challenging the critique of autoethnography as overly focused on the self, Tami Spry calls for a performative autoethnography that both unsettles the "I" and represents the Other with equal commitment. Expanding on her popular book Body, Paper, Stage, Spry uses a variety of examples, literary forms, and theoretical traditions to reframe this research method as transgressive, liberatory, and decolonizing for both self and Other. Her book  - draws on her own autoethnographic work with jazz musicians, shamans, and other groups; - outlines a utopian performative methodology to spur hope and transformation; - provides concrete guidance on how to implement this innovative methodological approach"--
Why we lie : the evolutionary roots of deception and the unconscious mind
I in the village
Ego mechanisms of defense : an empirical study
Progress in self psychology. Vol. 1
Ethics and selfhood : alterity and the phenomenology of obligation
The post-revolutionary self : politics and psyche in France, 1750-1850
The people in the trees
The subjective self : a portrait inside logical space
Aspects of subjectivity : society and individuality from the Middle Ages to Shakespeare and Milton
Philosophy as fiction : self, deception, and knowledge in Proust
Theology, psychology, and the plural self
Mind, self & society : from the standpoint of a social behaviorist
Confession and resistance : defining the self in late medieval England
The embodied self : dimensions, coherence, and disorders
Melodic structure and inner self in clinical improvisation
Language, self and love : hermeneutics in the writings of Richard Rolle and the commentaries on the Song of Songs
Basic ideas reconsidered
The effect of cue media on recollections
Mind, self and person
The transparency of things : contemplating the nature of experience
Divided minds and successive selves : ethical issues in disorders of identity and personality
The first person : an essay on reference and intentionality
Self consciousness : an alternative anthropology of identity
Ego state theory links normal personality functioning with its extremes, such as found in dissociative identity disorder. The therapy integrates psychoanalytic practice and hypnoanalytic techniques to discover and explore covert ego states, thereby effecting behavior change. With clear language and case extracts, the recognized originators of ego state therapy explain this fascinating theory and how to put it into practice.
Personal identity
Self-representation and digital culture
Consciousness in interaction : the role of the natural and social context in shaping consciousness
Technologies of the self : a seminar with Michel Foucault
Rethinking the Western understanding of the self
The Roman self in late antiquity : Prudentius and the poetics of the soul
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Cross-cultural differences in perspectives on the self
Personen: ein interdisziplinärer Dialog : Akten des 25. Internationalen Wittgenstein-Symposiums, 11. bis 17. August 2002, Kirchberg am Wechsel (Österreich) = Persons: an interdisciplinary approach : proceedings of the 25th International Wittgenstein Symposium, 11th to 17th August 2002, Kirchberg am Wechsel (Austria)
Affect regulation & the repair of the self
Seeing and saying : self-referentiality in British and American literature
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
The self and communicative theory
Frontiers in self psychology
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
The path of the everyday hero : drawing on the power of myth for solving life's most important challenges
The idea of the self : thought and experience in western Europe since the seventeenth century
Fairy dust and the quest for the egg
Identity problems in the Facebook era
Our own minds : sociocultural grounds for self-consciousness
Self-relations in the psychotherapy process
George Herbert Mead : critical assessments. Vol. 4
Problems of the self : philosophical papers 1956-1972
Philosophy of personal identity and multiple personality
Self continuity : individual and collective perspectives
The human self is a free self that gets shape in a society in which it is both equal to the others (as the legal person who recognizes the others as free and equal) and unique (as the moral person who is not exchangeable to the others). Therefore, the modern debate on society is dominated by the determination of the relation between right and morality. In a criticism of Habermas, Honneth and Rawls and others, this work argues that this relation has to be developed as a systematic elaboration of the mind-body-relation. In accordance with the Hegelian tradition, recognition first of all concerns the recognition of the body by the mind.
The awakening
The mind's I : fantasies and reflections on self and soul
Lost in the customhouse : authorship in the American Renaissance
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
A new earth : create a better life
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
The shift : taking your life from ambition to meaning
Neurosociology : the nexus between neuroscience and social psychology
NLP & relationships : simple strategies to make your relationships work
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Identity's moments : the self in action and interaction
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
Models of the self
Multilayered cultural identity and the perception of the self
Oneself as another
Cult of the will : nervousness and German modernity
Self and society
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Identity and difference : John Locke and the invention of consciousness
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Handbook of self and identity
Philosophy in a new century : selected essays
Self-concept of children in special and regular education
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
Ambitiosa mors : suicide and the self in Roman thought and literature
Always Neverland
Self; an introduction to philosophical psychology
Self processes and development
