http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9743 identity (mental objects)
identity (mental objects)
Free four : Tobias tells the Divergent knife-throwing scene
Sight unseen : whiteness and American visual culture
Communities in cyberspace
Avalon high
Two boys kissing
Limits of liberal multiculturalism
Identities at work
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
"A 304-year experiment which worked some but not all of the time" : Britain and British identities in three English, Scottish and Welsh newspapers in 2010 and 2011
The construction and development of professional identity
The opposite house
Two girls, two stories, one epic novel. A flip book that contains two narratives in one. Turn the book one way and read Lyra s story; turn the book over and upside down and read Gemma s story. The stories can be read separately, one after the other, or in alternating chapters. Lyra's story begins in the Haven Institute, a building tucked away on a private island off the coast of Florida that from a distance looks serene and even beautiful. But up close the locked doors, military guards, and biohazard suits tell a different story. In truth, Haven is a clandestine research facility where thousands of replicas, or human models, are born, raised, and observed. When a surprise attack is launched on Haven, two of its young experimental subjects Lyra, or 24, and the boy known only as 72 manage to escape. Gemma has been in and out of hospitals for as long as she can remember. A lonely teen, her life is circumscribed by home, school, and her best friend, April. But after she is nearly abducted by a stranger claiming to know her, Gemma starts to investigate her family s past and discovers her father s mysterious connection to the secretive Haven research facility. Hungry for answers, she travels to Florida, only to stumble upon two replicas and a completely new set of questions.While the stories of Lyra and Gemma mirror each other, each contains breathtaking revelations critically important to the other story.
Performing hybridity
Families residing in Kallio : a choice?
Discussions on ego identity
Coup
Growing up with two languages : a practical guide
Between two countries : Estonian immigrants' identity construction in Finland
A question of identity
Exploring the role of music therapy in attachment, identity & creativity : a case study
Once
Friend to friend : a candid exchange between Pearl S. Buck and Carlos P. Romulo
Abstract.
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Narrated agency and identity of settlement farmers in the changing circumstances of modern society
Unique aspects of the professional identity of tattooed psychologists : the professional self-esteem, sense of not belonging and intentional behavior modeling of four tattooed professionals from the field of psychology and psychiatry
For Cora Kensington, the Grand Tour was to be the trip of a lifetime.  She discovered the family she never knew she had and may have even found the love she longs for in Will.
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
The dark side of nowhere
Social identity : knowing yourself, knowing others
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Finnish American ethnic identity and sisu
Does anybody else look like me? : a parent's guide to raising multiracial children
A shared European history? : perceptions of imperialism and islam in matriculation examination essays and history textbooks
Identity is defined in many different ways in various disciplines in the social sciences and sub-disciplines within psychology. The developmental psychological approach to identity is characterized by a focus on developing a sense of the self that is temporally continuous and unified across the different life spaces that individuals inhabit. Erikson proposed that the task of adolescence and young adulthood was to define the self by answering the question: Who Am I? There have been many advances in theory and research on identity development since Erikson's writing over fifty years ago, and the time has come to consolidate our knowledge and set an agenda for future research. The Oxford Handbook of Identity Development represents a turning point in the field of identity development research. Various, and disparate, groups of researchers are brought together to debate, extend, and apply Erikson's theory to contemporary problems and empirical issues. The result is a comprehensive and state-of-the-art examination of identity development that pushes the field in provocative new directions.
Identity by design
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
The Oxford handbook of identity development
The Circle
Somewhere else
Identity, culture and the postmodern world
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Thinking northern : textures of identity in the North of England
Profile work for authenticity : self-presentation in social network services
Who am I? : the teacher identity construction of student teachers
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
A mind-bending, relentlessly paced science-fiction thriller, in which an ordinary man is kidnapped, knocked unconscious--and awakens in a world inexplicably different from the reality he thought he knew.
Essays on ego psychology : selected problems in psychoanalytic theory
Past, present and future : identity and life-change of youth in transitional Lithuania
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Memory of old Serbia and the shaping of Serbian identity
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
The Rook
"Like Finlanders do in Finland" : associations with Finnishness and the construction of cultural identity in narrations of Finnish Americans in the documentaries Finnish American Lives and Tradition Bearers
The para-diplomacy of miranda : the role of tradition in the constitution of modern identity in the Republic of Karelia
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
The role of immigrants' self identity in effective integration process into Finland
One
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
The throwback special : a novel
Grassroots literacy : writing, identity and voice in Central Africa
Finnish-American identity
Frontiers and identities : exploring the research area
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
Tempest revealed
The mental representation of trait and autobiographical knowledge about the self
The epidemic
Postfeminist digital cultures : femininity, social media, and self-representation
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Performing the self
Amid the modern-day complexities of migration and exile, immigration and repatriation, notions of stable national identity give way to ideas about cultural “hybridity.” The authors represented in this volume use different forms of performative writing to question this process, to ask how the production of new political identities destabilizes ideas about gender, sexuality, and the nation in the public sphere.
Indigenous psychology and national conciousness
Citizenships and identities : inclusion, exclusion, participation
Britain-TM : renewing our identity
Finnish migrants in Germany : identities positions, representations
Otherkin
Tempest rising
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
This volume focuses on advances in research methodology in an interdisciplinary field framed by discourses of identity and interculturality. It includes a range of qualitative studies: studies of interaction, narrative studies, conversation analysis, ethnographic studies, postcolonial studies and critical discourse studies, and emphasizes the role of discourse and power in all studies of identity and interculturality. The volume particularly focuses on critical reflexivity in every stage of research, including reflections on theoretical concepts (such as 'identity' and 'interculturality') and their relationship with methodology and analytical practice, reflections on researcher identity and subjectivity, reflections on local and global contexts of research, and reflections on language choice and linguacultural aspects of data generation, analysis and communication.
Representing ageing : images and identities
Changing identities in higher education : voicing perspectives
Communication accommodation between healthcare providers at a private hospital in England : how does identity talk?
Irish/ness is all around us : language revivalism and the culture of ethnic identity in Northern Ireland
Management of minority status
Identity
Regardless of cultural or national specialities, the implications of higher education teaching are  a very special task. University organization is not just an ordinary learning environment. It is also  a research oriented scientific community, being responsible for global knowledge development and  education of high quality professionals, including teachers.  Training higher education teachers pedagogically will lead them to do a better job than untrained ones  might do. Pedagogical competence will add to a teacher's self-reliance. Since teaching is certainly one of  the most complex duties, the work community is expected to foster the developers of the field. How is a  teacher's self-constructed? Authentic collaboration and sharing experiences in teacher communities  would promote personal professional growth.  The affective domains and identity development of professionals should be nurtured. The social learning  theory offers a good framework. It is important to make models of practical implementations based on  theory.
If I was your girl
The virgin suicides
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Contextualizing changes : migrations, shifting borders and new identities in Eastern Europe
Practising identities : power and resistance
History and cultural theory
The double
Staying Fijian : Vatulele Island Barkcloth and Social Identity
The professional identity of teachers of English
Struggling and clowning in Wall Street : identity, parody and critique through Olive Stone’s films (1987, 2010)
Identité et mémoire = Identity and memory
Characterization in Training Day
Imaginary journeys : lectio praecursoria 18.1.2013
Immigrant artists' intercultural identity formation and development process through art making
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Public relations practitioners' professional identity : a Finnish perspective
How CLIL-classroom students see themselves as learners of English
Social identity and intergroup relations
The position and identification of the non-status Sámi in the marginal of indigeneity
Sameness and substance
Finnish-German young adult's bicultural identity and its realization in Finland
Controlling Europe : immigration versus European identity
Every other day
Exploring European identities
Border Karelia is the former heartland of the Finnish-Karelian Orthodox culture. It has also been regarded, along with Viena Karelia, as a mythical place, the last reserve of the 'original Finnish' Kalevala culture. After the Continuation War ended in 1945, Finland was forced to cede Border Karelia to the Soviet Union. It was then populated with citizens from other parts of the Union, and became for 45 years inaccessible for Finns. In post-war Finland the ceded Karelia gained a new nostalgic aura, while the Soviet (Russian) attitude towards the territories was largely determined by political constructions and 'Soviet nationalism'. The present Border Karelia is a rather poor Russian territory, characterized by a multifaceted identity and heritage. Remnants of prewar cultural landscapes, villages and buildings are still evident. They arouse concern and emotions amongst Finns and pre-war inhabitants touring the area, but there's currently also an increasing interest among the Russians in the history and pre-war reality of the territory. The article discusses the concept of built heritage in relation to these different identities, and the uses of the Karelian past. The main objective of the research is to find a means to unite presentday Finnish and Russian interests regarding the maintenance and use of the heritage.
The article is the summary of a Master's thesis submitted in 2014 at the European-University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder). Its research question concerns the links between Finnish culture, migration and identity constructions. To understand this adequately, the concept of daily identity work was applied. The participants were Finnish migrants living in Germany for several decades. The data was collected with a method mix consisting of narrative interviews and a participatory visual method based in photovoice. The results were presented in the depicting of different practices and material belongings that function as identity resources in the process of identification with Finnish culture. Many elements from Finnish culture were visible in the selfrepresentations of the participants, even though they at first negated the assumption that Finnish culture played a role in their lives..
How the father-daughter relationship affects the daughter's identity : a socio-psychological analysis of Sandra Cisneros's The House on Mango Street and Caramelo
Identity and participation in culturally diverse societies : a multidisciplinary perspective
Intercultural communication experiences of foreign students with a focus on their perspectives of national, cultural and ethnic identity : case of exchange and degree students in Jyväskylä, Finland
American Finnish identity
The effects of the English language on the cultural identity of Chinese university students
A collective case study of athletic identity and successful injury rehabilitation
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
The institutionalization of regions : a theoretical framework for understanding the emergence of regions and the constitution of regional identity
Articulation, national unity and the aesthetics of living against occupation in Elia Suleiman's Palestine trilogy
Commitment hour
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Globalization and Europe
Ethnic minority identity : a social psychological perspective
Archaeological approaches to cultural identity
The artist's way workbook
Sport as a channel for cultural identity - an examination ofamateur and professional activities : a case study of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Ireland from the mid 19th century to the modern era
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Through language we show who we are and where we belong. In the workplace context this includes the way we construct ourselves as the team leader, meeting chair, a good colleague, the judge, a teacher orresearcher. Constructing Identities at Work presents cutting edge research on the process of identity construction in professional and institutional contexts, from corporate workplaces, to courtrooms, classrooms, and academia. The authors illustrate the range of foci, methodologies and approaches prevalent in the newly established field of workplace discourse, demonstrating how interactants do identity work and how identity is 'indexed' (often in subtle ways) in workplace discourse. Moving beyond unhelpful static universalities about how all women, all English-speakers, or all old people behave linguistically, each of the authors emphasises the contextualised nature of our everyday lives and the ways in which we negotiate and renegotiate our emerging identities with others. Among the chapters there are examples of a range of different theoretical approaches to identity in linguistics, from the prevalent social constructionist lens to the micro-level detail accessible through Conversation Analysis, and the quantitative analysis offered by corpus linguistics.
Queering fat embodiment
The false princess
Language and identities
The novice language teacher's guide to survival : dialogue between the new and the experienced language teacher
Kafka on the shore
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
The framework of teacherhood in art education
"I have another D/G pottering around in my brain" : identity construction on a Harry Potter fanfiction forum
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Everyday people
Who am i : reconstructing cultural identity upon reentry
Ritual and identity : performative practices as effective transformations of social reality
Identity trouble : critical discourse and contested identities
Teacher students' school memories as a part of the development of their professional identity
Othermoon
European, national and regional identity : proceedings of the international conference "European, national and regional identity"
Human and personal identity
Standard language differentiation in Bosnia and Herzegovina : grammars, language textbooks, readers
Glittering promises : a novel
The waves
A dialogue on personal identity and immorality
I remember me : mnemonic self-reference effects in preschool children
Half-Arab, half-Finnish exceptional third culture kids : adapting to life in Finland
English as a Lingua Franca in the workplace: one-size-fits-all? : in search for a deeper understanding of Finnish speakers of ELF
After essentially contested concepts
In other words
This collection critically examines twenty-first century representations of ageing, focusing on images/imagery/discourses found in various media as well as individuals' own experiences and self-presentations of ageing and identity, drawing on new innovative, qualitative empirical data. The contributors represent a range of disciplinary areas but all are concerned with how ageing is currently understood, experienced, represented and talked about. The contexts in which these issues are debated include advertising, women's and over fifties' magazines, beauty and hair care routines, art therapy, documenting family relations, positive ageing campaign and biographical photography. Many topical issues are examined, such as the discursive construction of age identities, positive ageing, anti-ageing, ageism, age relations and the body. This book will be of interest to students and researchers in cultural and social gerontology, discourse and identity and lifespan communication, as well as those working in marketing and with older people either directly or indirectly. -- Publisher description.
Heart-shaped bruise
Basques and Basqueness : competing and conflicting identities
Processing Romany Culture through Art
Culture, branding and national identity in the era of globalization : a study of beer brands in the Finnish market
Constructing identity in interpersonal communication = Construction identitaire dans la communication interpersonnelle = Identitätskonstruktion in der interpersonalen Kommunikation
Nationilism - belonging to the spaces between : conceptualizing nation-less identity and belonging
Personal identity
Social psychology of identity and the self concept
Identity formation of the modern lifestyle entrepreneur
Indeterminate identity : metaphysics and semantics
Social identity theory : constructive and critical advances
Sami identity in transition : Sami language rights affect the construction of Sami identity in Finland
Fourteen-year-old Jason faces an identity crisis after discovering that he is the son of aliens who stayed on earth following a botched invasion mission.
Globalization and identity : dialectics of flow and closure
Dimensions and experiences of human identity : an analytical toolkit and empirical illustration
Food, health and identity
Language as a marker of ethnicity : a comparative study on Belgium and Finland
Tibetan refugees in Nepal : identity negotiation
The postmodern and political agency
Branding and Visual Identity. Case: Kikerigu
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Places and politics in an age of globalization
The program
The wind is not a river
Every day
Falling out of cars
On citizenship and identity : the case of the Baltic states and the problems in nationalism today
Nurse's role in breaking bad news : literature review
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
After me comes the flood
Take off the heater : utility effect and food environment effect in food consumption decisions
UnSouled
"The best thing is laughing at our differences" : intercultural couples' views on their relationship and its effects on the construction of identities
The national memory is often signified by means of monuments erected in the landscape, while commemorative historical sites always carry a story from the past, and it is not a matter of indifference how this story is told. Karelia, and particularly the areas of the Karelian Isthmus, the shores of Lake Ladoga and the Karelian Borderlands that were ceded to the Soviet Union as a consequence of the Second World War, are places where the commemorative sites have been objects of dispute for the last 60 years. Memories of Finnish Karelia have been erased, transformed and brought to life again: erased and transformed by the post-war masters of the area, for whom it was ideologically most appropriate to replace the Finnish narrative with one telling of victory in the Great Patriotic War and alluding to new sites commemorating the region's Russian history. The more recent revival of Finnish memories has been brought about not only by the Finns but also by Russians who have wished to tell the presentday inhabitants of Karelia about the forgotten and suppressed details of its more recent history.
An inquiry into the national identity of EU Finland
Inspiration from Koli : the symbolic meaning of national landscape in the context of persuasive communication
Ethnicity, nation, culture : central and East European perspectives
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
A want so wicked
Room to roam : an identity for Huntly
Karelia lost or won - materialization of a landscape of contested and commemorated memory
Issues and approaches in personal construct theory
"Do you remember the idea of like being like just I don't know who you are" : the discursive construction of M.I.A's alternative artist identity on QTV interview and its authentication in YouTube commentary
On her seventeenth birthday, Tempest must decide whether to remain a human and live on land or submit to her mermaid half, like her mother before her, and enter into a long-running war under the sea.
Comparison between multicultural counseling competences in the United States, England, and Finland
Multilayered cultural identity and the perception of the self
Constructing the international entrepreneurial identity : a study of international entrepreneurship sense-making narratives
The Limits of Liberal Multiculturalism provides a timely analysis of some of the weaknesses, as well as the successes, of the liberal multicultural project. It also takes a step forward by developing a pluralist, individual-centred approach to allocating minority rights in practice.
Forest born
Tourism and national identities : an international perspective
The fabric of self : a theory of ethics and emotions
American identities : an introductory textbook
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Othersphere
Border Karelia through rose-coloured glasses? Gazes upon a ceded territory
Shadow woman : a novel
The goose girl
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
Mediated discourses of transnational participation : a study of some discursive aspects of transnational networking
Linguistic and cultural identity : Finns who have been through English immersion education
UnDivided
Researching identity and interculturality
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
About me(n) : a study of UK-based heterosexual men's identity construction in online dating profiles
Working Community and Teachers' Professional Identity in Dialogue
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
Construction of teacher identity in higher education
Thoughts from a divided nation: some English Canadian views on the question of bilingualism in Canada and its effect on identity formation
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
Ancestors of two-spirits: representations of native American third-gender males in historical documentation : a critical discourse analysis in anthropology
Paradise reconsidered : a constructive study on the constitution of the identity of the state of Ecuador in the light of the formation of the special law for the Galapagos Islands
Disability rights and wrongs
Identity development meets emotional stability : transcending borders through music therapy with an intercultural group of women : a case study
Youth media
Life is like a chicken coop ladder : a study of German national character through folklore
Migration and identity
How hockey explains Canada : the sport that defines a country
The myth of japanese uniqueness revisited
Cosmopolitanism, identity and authenticity in the Middle East
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Constructing identities at work
Cosmos & heart : a cosmopolite's viewpoint
Native region discourse as an expression of local and national identity
Son of a witch : a novel
The discursive construction of leader identity: Tim Cook in a broadcast interview
Who is indigenous? : definitions of indigeneity
The days of abandonment
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Intersecting identities and interculturality : discourse and practice
Threatened identities
Identity : essays based on Herbert Spencer Lectures given in the University of Oxford
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
Stay abroad and foreign language users' identity construction
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
Our European responsibility : respecting differences, enjoying similarities : November 28, 1997, International symposium, Marina Congress Center, Helsinki
Identity, cause and mind : philosophical essays
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
Building self through foreign language learning : a case study of four adult language learners' emerging identities
