http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9746 piciformes
piciformes
Spatial ecology of breeding birds in forest landscapes : an indicator species approach
Iconografia degli uccelli d'Italia = Iconography of Italian birds. Vol. 3, Gruiformes, Charadriiformes, Pterocliformes, Columbiformes, Cuculiformes, Strigiformes, Caprimulgiformes, Apodiformes, Coraciiformes, Piciformes
The woodpecker that helped people out of the tree : a south-west African myth -relic
A note on the use of backpack radio-tags on medium-sized woodpeckers
Insect prey population changes in habitats with declining vs. stable three-toed woodpecker Picoides tridactylus populations
The black woodpecker Dryocopus martius as a keystone species in forest
Guild indicator species on a landscape scale - an example with four avian habitat specialists
Bibliography
Developments in woodpecker biology
Summary.
Available insect prey in bark patches selected by the Three-toed Woodpecker Picoides tridactylus prior to reproduction
Biogeographical patterns and reproductive traits in woodpeckers
Given their importance as a resource for many forest organisms, tree cavities were inventoried in the managed pine forests of north-east Poland, in relation to the: 70-100, 101-130 and >130 year age-classes within the clear-cutting system. The densities at which cavities were present was found to depend on forest age, given that stands 70-100 years old were characterised by an average density of 0.62 trees ha-1, while forests older than 130 years reported 3.28 trees ha-1. Stands aged 70-100 years differed from those aged 130+ in having just 0.27 trees ha-1 of cavity trees, as compared with 2.91 trees ha-1. The total volume of cavity trees in stands up to 100 years old was 0.37 m3 ha-1 on average, as compared with 5.42 m3 ha-1 in stands over 130 years old. The cavities created by woodpeckers constituted 76% of all of those found, and included 53% excavated by great spotted woodpeckers (Dendrocopos major L.) and 23% by black woodpeckers (Dryocopus martius L.) The proportion of cavities excavated by D. major was highest in the youngest age class of stands. There, cavities made by D. martius constituted only 8% of the total, as compared with 31% in the oldest stands. The abundance of cavity trees thus differed along an age gradient, though in any event the availability of cavity trees appears to be too limited to provide for the needs of hole-nesting birds. Forest managers must thus take more account than hitherto of the need to protect cavity trees..
Values of an endagered species - the case of the white-backed woodpecker in Sweden
Through the eyes of a woodpecker : understanding habitat selection, territory quality and reproductive decisions from individual behaviour
Conceptual and statistical modelling of environmental effects in population dynamics
Nest defence of Eurasian Treecreeper Certhia familiaris against the Great Spotted Woodpecker Dendrocopos major: only one parent is needed
Feeding habitat and nest-site selection of breeding Great Spotted Woodpeckers Dendrocopos major
The availability of cavity trees along an age gradient in fresh pine forests
Ivory-billed woodpecker
Population fluctuations of woodpecker species on the Baltic islands of Aasla, SW Finland
Nest-site selection and niche partitioning among the great spotted woodpecker Dendrocopos major and middle spotted woodpecker Dendrocopos medius in riverine forest of Central Europe
Sexual differences in physical condition in the white-backed woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos in relation to habitat type and across seasons
Nest hole age decreases nest site attractiveness for the European starling Sturnus vulgaris
Winter ecology of a female White-Backed Woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos (Bechstein)
Population ecology of the three-toed woodpecker under varying food supplies
Woodpecker assemblages in natural and managed boreal and hemiboreal forest - a review
Tammitikka - uhanalainen eurooppalainen = The middle spotted woodpecker - an endangered european
"Home in the big forest" : decline of the Ivory-billed Woodpecker and its habitat in the United States
Woodpeckers of Europe : a study of the European Picidae
An alternative hypothesis for the cause of the ivory-billed woodpecker's decline
Population ecology of the cooperatively breeding acorn woodpecker
Reproduction and survival in the lesser spotted woodpecker : effects of life history, mating system and age
