http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p974 shareholders
shareholders parties with interests
Legal capital rules as a measure for creditor and shareholder protection
Institutional shareholder activism : the changing face of corporate ownership
Takeover bids and squeeze outs in relation to the principle of equal treatment of shareholders
Awareness and sustainability in business organizations : leaving economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking behind
From customer retention to a holistic stakeholder management system : living a vision
Abstract.
Complementarities in corporate governance
Corporate governance : accountability in the marketplace
This thesis examines the development possibilities of the Degree Programme in Tourism (DPT) in Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) from the different stakeholders' perspective. The focus development area is the curriculum of the study programme which is under renewal and will be established in 2013. The aim of the thesis is to produce concrete development ideas from the experiences and opinions of the internal and external stakeholders of TAMK. The internal stakeholders are represented by the students of the DPT, and the external stakeholders are the representatives of the local labour market. The possible cooperation between the stakeholders is investigated in order to bring working life closer to the students and studies and to benefit the local businesses. Primary data was collected from the internal stakeholders with group theme interviews and from the external stakeholders with a semi-structured questionnaire, as well as with a semi-structured élite interview. Secondary data included existing data such as scientific literature, statistics, notes, the Internet, researches and other available publications. In the thesis process, the theories of competencies and qualifications were used as well as the Learning by Developing model of Laurea University of Applied Sciences discovered by benchmarking. The collected and analyzed data revealed the target areas of development. According to the internal stakeholders the improvements should be targeted to the working life relation of the studies; to the quality of education and the course contents; to the guidance received; and to the more practical approach in studies. All these would prepare the students better for the future working life. The external stakeholders stressed that the practical know-how and multidisciplinary skills are the requirements of the working life, and that the attention should be paid to the requirements imposed by the tourism industry trends in the Tampere Region in the DPT studies. The results indicate that mutually beneficial changes to the curriculum and cooperation between the stakeholders can be made, in which case the studies would prepare the students with competencies to meet the qualifications of the working life. According to the writers' of the thesis the working life relation in the studies should be emphasized more and it would also be one area for further research. Key words: Curriculum, developing, DPT, stakeholder, Tampere Region.
How to make partner and still have a life
Shareholder value in the global forest industry : 1999-2003
During the past years, the growth of projects and project workers is hard to ignore. The competition on project funding is getting increasingly intense. For many project workers, new project is the hope of continuous employment; for many organizations, new projects arethe lifeblood for survival. Thus project planning is a thought-provoking area to study and research. Conventional theory emphasizes personal traits and leadership of a project manager who is usually also the project planner and recommends "Bottom-Up" approach for project scheduling and budgeting, which do not seem to correlate completely with the research results. The scope of this study focuses on non-profit organization like Company X that is dependent on project funding. The case study collected first-hand information from a real-life story with two funding-application failures. I have observed that stakeholders, scheduling and budgeting are the most principle dimensions for project planning, in particular for non-profit organizations. Accordingly, research questions were structured from these three perspectives. Interview to project managers with years of experience was conducted, data was collected and analyzed. The findings have shown that network of project planners are rather important for establishing efficient consortium and improve the success rate of project proposals. It is thereby meaningful to provide external support on network enhancement. More streamlined information flow and cooperation amongst organizations in Turku region is suggested. However, the feasibility of optimizing the communication and collaboration between non-profit organizations in terms of project planning in a regional context remains to be further studied in the future.
Investor protection and corporate valuation
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
Berkshire Hathaway letters to shareholders 1965-2012
Improve your marketing to grow your business : insights and innovation that drive business and brand growth
Service productization enhancing joint service creation for research laboratories : case study : UNELMA-project
Investor relations handbook
Key stakeholder perceptions on the future human resource management roles and competencies
Effective consultancies in development and humanitarian programmes
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities to shareholder and resident 2014
Balancing conflicting tertiary stakeholder expectations : management perspective
Corporate governance : promises kept, promises broken
The issue of online gaming addiction as constructed by its stakeholders
Fair shares : the future of shareholder power and responsibility
ADB perceptions survey : multinational survey of stakeholders 2009
Minority shareholder rights in Finland
The main aim of this study is to investigate market opportunities for a sustainable solution to inadequate project grants and funding for Joensuu Family House. Joensuu Family House is a strategic not-for-profit Non-Governmental Organization (NGO). For this reason, it depends on the goodwill of donor agencies, individuals and corporate organizations, particularly the Finnish Raha-automaattiyhdistys (RAY). This study provides strategic means through partnership with companies to attain a relative financial security for the NGO. The execution of this study comprised of an electronic questionnaire which was emailed to some companies located in North Karelia, face to face interviews with key officials of the Save the Children, Lähiötalo and Joensuu Family House (Perheentalo) in Finland. Ananalysis of secondary data obtained from online databases is included as well. The result of the study shows that there are companies interested in a Joensuu Family House partnership initiative. Although the NGO’s main focus is to obtain financial partnership, most companies are willing to volunteer their services as well as products. However, most of the companies are willing to partner up because of several otherreasons.
Profitability of mergers and acquisitions in Finland before and during the financial crisis
The shareholder value and the sale and leaseback transactions in Finland during years 2003-2010
Unlocking shareholder value
Cross shareholdings in Japan : a new unified perspective of the economic system
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
Changing stakeholder relationships and their governance : a strategy logic perspective to Talmu Ltd
The Importance Of Shareholder Value in Decision-Making
The business judgment rule : fiduciary duties of corporate directors
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
Plan an idea to be funded : a case study at project planning
Corporate social relationship as marketing phenomenon : case company: Fortum Oyj
Contractual risk management of shareholder conflicts : private equity investor as a shareholder in a Finnish closed company
Marketing and finance : creating shareholder value
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
Inefficient pricing of subscription rights : new evidence from Nordic rights issues
The nature of intercorporate shareholdings : lessons from the Oslo Stock Exchange
Warren Buffett on business: principles fro the sage of Omaha
Theory and practice of corporate governance : an integrated approach
Institutional investors and corporate governance
Corporate governance, auditor choice and auditor switch : evidence from China
Exit rights of minority shareholders in a private limited company
Politicians' needs for and perceptions of environmental reporting : are organizations aware of them?
Communication of corporate social responsibility : case Capgemini UK Plc
The business judgment rule : fiduciary duties of corporate directors. 2001 Cumulative supplement
A stock option based incentive scheme with an endogenous strike price
Business-NGO collaboration, from the company's benefit perspective : case Women's Bank
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
Service Productization enhancing Joint Service Creation for Research Laboratories : Case Study UNELMA-project
The purpose of this thesis is to demonstrate and show how productization can enhance joint service creation for Research Laboratories based on UNELMA-project. The goal is to create a joint service that is simple, manageable and understandable by all stakeholders. How productization enhances joint service creation for research laboratories have been discussed comprehensively. The literature review shows that the actual benefits of a service offering can accrue to service providers as well as service consumers if a service is well productized. The research approach is a combination of qualitative and case study methods. Data is collected through workshops, project articles, documents and observation aided by service creation tools. The service creation tools used are; Idea tree, Service blue print, Business model canvas, Value proposition canvas and Productization canvas. Joint service network stakeholder’s expectation has been examined from the data gathered. Both service providers and customers have their own expectations. However, they have a common ground of collaboration and cooperation into the future through a productized joint service network branded Applied Imaging Network abbreviated as AIN. Ultimately, productization enhances service creation and assists in sales marketing by making the service simple, manageable and understandable. Thus, it makes easier for the customer to make buying decision.
Equity decoupling
Corporate governance : theoretical and empirical perspectives
Routledge handbook of sport and corporate social responsibility
Creating shareholder value through sustainable growth
The enlightened shareholder value principle and corporate governance
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility Initiatives and Customer Centric Initiatives on Customers
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities
Multinational enterprises : legal and management structures and interrelationship with ownership, control, antitrust, labor, taxation and disclosure
Infectious greed : restoring confidence in America's companies
The distribution of target ownership and the division of the takeover gain
Developing degree programme in tourism in Tampere university of applied sciences : stakeholders' perspective
Ethical aspects in active ownership
What is corporate governance?
Investor protection in the CIS : legal reform and voluntary harmonization
Human resources management aspects of enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems projects
Partnership with companies as a strategic choice for fundraising
The corporation is more than shareholders - a discursive analytics : the acquisition of the ABN-AMRO Bank
The information content of consolidated vs. parent-only earnings : Finnish evidence
Terrains of struggle : the Finnish forest industry cluster and corporate community responsibility to Indigenous Peoples in Brazil
Controlling shareholders, agency problems and dividend policy in Finland
Stakeholder Management Theory in Practice : The Case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Corporate social responsibility : charity or investment?
Stakeholder expectations : conceptual foundations and empirical analysis
The battle for corporate control : shareholder rights, stakeholder interests, and managerial responsibilities
Shareholders' duties
Redefining the corporation : stakeholder management and organizational wealth
Division of powers between the owners and the management of a public corporation in the Anglo-Saxon and the Roman Germanic civil law company regimes
Reframing strategic corporate responsibility : from economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking to awareness and sustainable development
Rethinking corporate governance : from shareholder value to stakeholder value
Financial statement analysis for investors and stockholders : of Tsingtao Brewery Co., Ltd
Shareholder conflicts
Stakeholder theory : classification and analysis of stakeholder approaches
[How do stock market investors react to the "social responsibility" : shareholder proposals? : the influence of legal and supervisiory changes]
Marketing communication : principles and practice
The marketing director's role in business planning and corporate governance
Stakeholder theory : the state of the art
Competing for capital : investor relations in a dynamic world
Does Sweden need a mandatory bid rule? : a critical analysis
Shareholder wealth effects of corporate takeovers : an examination of European domestic and cross-border takeovers
Social Media in the B2B Banking & Finance Landscape : Case: Nordic Investment Bank
Minority protection and information content of dividends in Finland
The family ownership and firm performance in China : evidence from Shenzhen stock exchange
Residential ships : home on the ocean: a concept for the future
One market under God : extreme capitalism, market populism and the end of economic democracy
Housing companies ; Maintenance and repair responsibilities
Acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the light of the EU merger control
Unlimited shareholder liability in multinationals
"Doing inspires".
Increasing expectations : stakeholder influence on corporate citizenship
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
Corporate responsibility orientation of forest industry companies
Minority shareholders' rights
Lindley on the law of partnership
Stakeholder approach to tourism product development: a Nordic perspective
Uniform laws annotated : [master edition]. [Vol. 6], Uniform partnership act, uniform limited partnership act; with annotations from State and Federal Courts
Equity : why employee ownership is good for business
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Benefitting from corporate social responsibility reports : examining the practices among European financial institurions
In 1984, R. Edward Freeman published his landmark book, Strategic Management: A Stakeholder Approach, a work that set the agenda for what we now call stakeholder theory. In the intervening years, the literature on stakeholder theory has become vast and diverse. This book examines this body of research and assesses its relevance for our understanding of modern business. Beginning with a discussion of the origins and development of stakeholder theory, it shows how this corpus of theory has influenced a variety of different fields, including strategic management, finance, accounting, management, marketing, law, health care, public policy, and environment. It also features in-depth discussions of two important areas that stakeholder theory has helped to shape and define: business ethics and corporate social responsibility. The book concludes by arguing that we should re-frame capitalism in the terms of stakeholder theory so that we come to see business as creating value for stakeholders.
Comparative corporate governance : shareholders as a rule-maker
Contract and commercial law
Abstract: Social Media in the B2B Banking & Finance Landscape : Case: Nordic Investment Bank. The early days of the Internet, Web 1.0, did not facilitate third-party content creation and sharing, as most pages were closed to external editing, making users only consumers of information. Corresponding with post-millennium technological developments and innovations, Web 2.0 and different social media platforms arose, opening up a new world of connectivity. Web 2.0, having acted as a playground for individuals for a decade, has now become increasingly more relevant for companies and businesses seeking to extend stakeholder reach and awareness. As a part of a new communication model, social media differs greatly from traditional marketing and communication endeavours. This study highlights some of the new, affiliated opportunities for a small organisation: the main allure being cost efficiency while the difficulty to conceptualise return on investment (ROI) hinders management support. Nowadays, companies and consultants specialise in tailor-made social media entry strategies and campaigns, although they often come with a substantial price-tag. This study therefore looks at hands-on, cost-efficient tactics that can be implemented for the Nordic Investment Bank, as a small international financial institution. The study recommends the implementation of different tactics for Twitter, LinkedIn and Storify as well as blogs to increase the awareness of everyday institutional activities. Additionally, the study postulates that Facebook as a platform is inapt when promoting commercial institutional activities. Emphasising the emergent nature of social media and its effect on planning and control, this study advocates adopting an editorial calendar as well as a monitoring tool to ensure that the social media campaign stays aligned with original goals. Lastly, areas for future study are suggested including how social media could affect online reporting processes, guidelines for how to address employee social media usage in banking and finance as well as how to establish an industry monetary social media ROI.
Parental and Successor Liability for Joint Ventures̕ Competition Law Infringements in European Union
International marketing management: text and cases
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
The role of stakeholders in the social enterprise creation : an effectual approach
Understanding family shareholders in family firms : an exploration of the role of family dynamics in the development of family shareholders' behaviours
Integrated reporting : a new form of firm's interaction with stakeholders
Developing Degree Programme in Tourism in Tampere University of Applied Sciences  : Stakeholders' Perspective
Corporate governance
Mastery and Slavery : Triangulatory Views on Owner-Managers' Managerial Work
Shareholder/stakeholder value management, company growth and financial performance : an exploratory study
Takeovers and acquiring-firm returns: evidence from Finland 2003-2008
Business Ethics and organizational values: a systems-theoretical analysis
Legal effects of shareholders' agreements
Written for marketing and finance directors, CEOs, and strategists, as well as MBA students, this practical book explains the principles and practice behind rigorous due diligence in marketing. It connects marketing plans and investment to the valuation of the firm and how it can contribute to increasing stakeholder value. Completely revised and updated throughout, the Second Edition features new case examples as well as a completely new first chapter containing the results of new research into risk and marketing strategies amongst Finance Directors and Chief Marketing Officers.
Shareholders' rights : comparative study : European Union and Colombian company law
Applied public relations : cases in stakeholder management
Anthropology and the economy of sharing
Corporate governance : responsibilities, risks and remuneration
This book provides a systematic overview of shareholders' duties found in European company law and capital market law. It is often assumed that shareholders have rights, not duties. In recent years, however, this assumption has come under intense scrutiny in all aspects of company law, and scholarship. In Europe especially, major changes are under way across a diverse spectrum, all the way from revised contractual arrangements to mandatory statutory provisions. Such a shift has important implications for the fundamentals of European company law, and there is a need to examine shareholders' duties and consider where this trend is taking shareholders and their stance in law. This focused collection of essays addresses this complex subjects from highly informative and useful variety of perspectives.
Financial Strategy : paper F3
The impact of shareholder involvement in the nomination process on board diversity
Global stakeholder relationships governance : an infrastructure
Corporate actions : a guide to securities event management
Minority share acquisition : the impact upon competition
Do shareholders care about corporate investments returns?
Environmental management system applied to a protected area : an analysis of the benefits and the stakeholders attitude towards them : Molentargius park - case study
The impact of the board of directors, block holders, and institutional investors on corporate risk-taking
Shareholder voting rights and practices in Europe and the United States
Managing stakeholders of non-profit organization (NPO) through virtual communities of supporters
Stakeholders : theory and practice
Comparative company law : a case-based approach
Determinants of the voting outcome : a look into shareholder proposals in social and environmental issues in the U.S. in 2006 and 2007
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Essays on large shareholders and corporate control
