http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9745 woodpeckers
woodpeckers
Colonialism 1870-1945 : an introduction
Given their importance as a resource for many forest organisms, tree cavities were inventoried in the managed pine forests of north-east Poland, in relation to the: 70-100, 101-130 and >130 year age-classes within the clear-cutting system. The densities at which cavities were present was found to depend on forest age, given that stands 70-100 years old were characterised by an average density of 0.62 trees ha-1, while forests older than 130 years reported 3.28 trees ha-1. Stands aged 70-100 years differed from those aged 130+ in having just 0.27 trees ha-1 of cavity trees, as compared with 2.91 trees ha-1. The total volume of cavity trees in stands up to 100 years old was 0.37 m3 ha-1 on average, as compared with 5.42 m3 ha-1 in stands over 130 years old. The cavities created by woodpeckers constituted 76% of all of those found, and included 53% excavated by great spotted woodpeckers (Dendrocopos major L.) and 23% by black woodpeckers (Dryocopus martius L.) The proportion of cavities excavated by D. major was highest in the youngest age class of stands. There, cavities made by D. martius constituted only 8% of the total, as compared with 31% in the oldest stands. The abundance of cavity trees thus differed along an age gradient, though in any event the availability of cavity trees appears to be too limited to provide for the needs of hole-nesting birds. Forest managers must thus take more account than hitherto of the need to protect cavity trees..
New Northeast Asia initiatives : cooperation for regional development and security
The voice of conscience : a political genealogy of western ethical experience
Population ecology of the cooperatively breeding acorn woodpecker
10 Finnish architects : an outsider's view
The White-Backed Woodpecker (Dendrocopos leucotos) and the protection of its habitats in Estonia: Assessment of habitats and protection measures
Conceptual and statistical modelling of environmental effects in population dynamics
Reproduction and survival in the lesser spotted woodpecker : effects of life history, mating system and age
The comics. Volume 1
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
FRAMES : viewing Finnish contemporary photography
Screen memories : description of a project / Heidi Tikka
Global governance and the new wars : the merging of development and security
Strategic management of military capabilities : seeking ways to foster military innovation
Believing in domestic demand : the unemployment problem wont́ be solved by adjusting interest rates or through exports
Imagees and aestheticization
Discourses of the environment
Tammitikka - uhanalainen eurooppalainen = The middle spotted woodpecker - an endangered european
The availability of cavity trees along an age gradient in fresh pine forests
Growth, structural change and inequality : the experience of Thailand
Ecology of an isolated population of the middle spotted woodpecker, Dendrocopos medius (L.) in the extinction phase
Feeding habitat and nest-site selection of breeding Great Spotted Woodpeckers Dendrocopos major
Monetary developments & policy survey : third quarter of 1999.
Biogeographical patterns and reproductive traits in woodpeckers
10 Finnish Architects : an outsider's view = 10 suomalaista arkkitehtia
The New British political system : government and society in the 1980s
Edgework : critical essays on knowledge and politics
A note on the use of backpack radio-tags on medium-sized woodpeckers
Winter ecology of a female White-Backed Woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos (Bechstein)
The EU & Ukraine : neighbours, friends, partners?
Mechanisms of immigration control : a comparative analysis of European regulation politics
"Home in the big forest" : decline of the Ivory-billed Woodpecker and its habitat in the United States
The wisdom of the harvester
The diary of Rexford G. Tugwell : the New Deal, 1932-1935
Racism and education : coincidence or conspiracy?
Climate for change : non-state actors and the global politics of the greenhouse
Mikä on todellista : valokuvataiteen kolmas kolmivuotisnäyttely = what is real : the third Finnish photography triennal
Aesthetics and ethics : essays at the intersection
Welfare and wellbeing : Richard Titmuss's contribution to social policy
The power of corporality : Malgorzata Lisiewicz talks to Heidi Tikka / Malgorzata Lisiewicz
Monetary developments & policy survey : first half of 1999.
Japanese images of nature : cultural perspectives
Promoting peace and security in Africa : is the European Union up to the challenge?
The comics. Volume 1 /Tom of Finland ; [edited by Dian Hanson ; German translation: Franca Fritz and Heinrich Koop ; French translation: Frédéric Maurin]
Poetics of the nameless middle : Japan and the West in philosophy and music of the twentieth century
Benchmarking Industry-Science Relationships
Sex, literature, and censorship
Through the eyes of a woodpecker : understanding habitat selection, territory quality and reproductive decisions from individual behaviour
Threatened species as a part of the biodiversity and multiple use of forests : an economic analysis
Universities and regional engagement
The black woodpecker Dryocopus martius as a keystone species in forest
New governance in European social policy : the open method of coordination
The urban underclass
Review of agricultural policies : Latvia
Sexual differences in physical condition in the white-backed woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos in relation to habitat type and across seasons
Rural area typology in Finland : a tool for rural policy
The European Union as a security provider
Iconografia degli uccelli d'Italia = Iconography of Italian birds. Vol. 3, Gruiformes, Charadriiformes, Pterocliformes, Columbiformes, Cuculiformes, Strigiformes, Caprimulgiformes, Apodiformes, Coraciiformes, Piciformes
South African constitutionalism 1994-2000 : the difficult balancing act of the constitutional court
In Western thought, it has been persistently assumed that in moral and political matters, people should rely on the inner voice of conscience rather than on external authorities, laws, and regulations. This volume investigates this concept, examining the development of the Western politics of conscience, from Socrates to the present, and the formation of the Western ethico-political subject. The work opens with a discussion of the ambiguous role of conscience in politics, contesting the claim that it is the best defense against totalitarianism. It then look back at canonical authors, from the Church Fathers and Luther to Rousseau and Derrida, to show how the experience of conscience constitutes the foundation of Western ethics and politics. This unique work not only synthesizes philosophical and political insights, but also pays attention to political theology to provide a compelling and innovative argument that the experience of conscience has always been at the core of the political Western tradition.
Woodpeckers of Europe : a study of the European Picidae
Summary.
The woodpecker that helped people out of the tree : a south-west African myth -relic
Endangered species : benefit estimation and policy implicatons
Nest site selection of hole-nesting passerines in natural habitats in eastern Finnish Forest Lapland
Population fluctuations of woodpecker species on the Baltic islands of Aasla, SW Finland
Insect prey population changes in habitats with declining vs. stable three-toed woodpecker Picoides tridactylus populations
Irreverent laughter
Four seminal thinkers in international theory : Machiavelli, Grotius, Kant, and Mazzini
Population ecology of the three-toed woodpecker under varying food supplies
Woodpecker assemblages in natural and managed boreal and hemiboreal forest - a review
A comparative study on last resort social assistance schemes in six European countries
Welfare reform : a comparative assessment of the French and U.S. experiences
Higher education policy and institutional change : intentions and outcomes in turbulent environments
Development of spatially feasible forest plans : a comparison of two modeling approaches
Monetary developments & policy survey
The philosophy of welfare : selected writings of Richard M. Titmuss
Starting to fail : what startups can learn from failure
Youth work practice
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Diversity, standardization and social transformation : gender, ethnicity and inequality in Europe
The fate of the Eastern Cape : history, politics and social policy
The Oxford handbook of contextual political analysis
Nest-site selection and niche partitioning among the great spotted woodpecker Dendrocopos major and middle spotted woodpecker Dendrocopos medius in riverine forest of Central Europe
Umbrella species as a conservation planning tool : an assessment using resident birds in hemiboreal and boreal forests
F2F : new media art from Finland
Cuba: a revolution in motion
Soviet foreign policy in the 1980s
Postcommunism : four perspectives
Unbekanntes Abenteuer : Positionen zeitgenössicher Kunst aus Finnland = Unknown adventure : positions of contemporary Finnish art
Monetary developments & policy survey : first half of 1998.
