http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9758 body of members
body of members
Results of the 2007 membership survey of the Finnish Union of University Researchers and Teachers
Summary (s. 1-9).
Labour unions in Canada : prepared in the Labour Data Branch, Labour Canada, Ottawa
The challenge of enlargement : Commission opinion on Norway's application for membership : document drawn up on the basis of COM(93) 142 final
International law aspects of the European Union
The role of the priest and the apostolate of the laity
A journey through the EC : information on the member states and the development of the European Community
The objective of the thesis was to help SRAL in finding out their brand image: the way the members view the league, finding their likes and dislikes. In addition, the organization's brand identity was to be researched by examining the board's and personnel's view of the organization. The theoretical framework was based on David A. Aaker's brand identity model, Jesper Kunde's Corporate Religion theory and Uche Nworah's brand image matrix. These three theories were combined and integrated into the Total brand model. The study was conducted in the form of an online questionnaire, to which a link was placed on the SRAL web pages, SRAL's Facebook profile, and on emails sent to the members, employees and the board. The overall form of the research methodology was quantitative with a few qualitative questions integrated within. The findings revealed that both the organization members at SRAL as well as the members were quite content with the visual aspects of the brand such as the logo and the web pages. Both of the respondent groups were on the same lines with SRAL's brand personality, functional benefits as well as self-expressive benefits. The most problems seemed to lie on the areas of organizational culture and emotional benefits. Communication, both between SRAL and the employees, as well as SRAL and the members, was discovered not to be sufficient in quantity and quality. The employees were not too familiar with SRAL's values and visions, and neither did they know whether they should do things a certain way, the SRAL way. The members did not feel informed and they also felt that key issues were kept secret from them. In conclusion, SRAL is to work on both internal as well as external communication. The organization needs to create a SRAL culture and make the employees aware of what exactly the organization is about, what its values and visions are, how things are done at SRAL. In addition, SRAL has to work on gaining back the trust of its members. The processes and decision-making have to be made transparent. The members also need to feel that they are heard by the organization.
The American Chamber of Commerce in Finland, often referred to as AmCham Finland, is a non-profit business association comprised of 220 Finnish and American companies. The AmCham Finland staff aims to bring value to their membership through networking opportunities, business initiatives and providing the voice in public policy. As the association's operations are reliant on member activity and support, in particular on member fees and sponsorship, AmCham Finland's primary goal is retention of existing members and recruitment of new members. Without clear and effective communication neither is sustainable. This research aims to investigate whether AmCham Finland's communications strategy and execution are efficient and whether they allow AmCham Finland to achieve its communication goals. This research does not take into account the members' point of view, i.e. how members feel about communication or whether communication is, in their opinion, efficient. The study was executed as a qualitative research in January-May 2010. The empirical material was collected mainly in February-April and consists of interviews, other publications and information available in the association's archives at its office and on its website. This research ascertained, that based on the material collected and its analysis, challenges could be found regarding the efficiency of the communication tools used. These challenges are hindering AmCham Finland's aim of reaching their communication goals. Therefore it can be concluded that member communication is not yet efficient enough and that AmCham does not currently realize its communication goals. The suggestions for improvement offered in the analysis are necessary steps for AmCham to develop its communication in order to reach its communication goals.
Economic and Social Consultative Assembly : The Economic and Social Committee of the European Communities
Matrikkeli 1999 = Directory 1999
A community of scholars : The Finnish Academy of Science and Letters, 1908-2008
The Nazi Party : the anatomy of a people's party, 1919-1933
The 1996 conference, the future of the European Union and the opportunities of a small member country
The wider western Europe : reshaping the EC/EFTA relationship
A handbook of churches and councils : profiles of ecumenical relationships
Europe and the challenge of enlargement
The challenge of enlargement : Commission opinion on Norway's application for membership
Matrikkeli 1991 = Directory 1991.
Matrikkeli 1993 = Directory 1993.
The challenge of enlargement : Commission opinion on the application by the Republic of Cyprus for membership
The challenge of enlargement. Commission opinion on Malta's application for membership
The challenge of enlargement : Commission opinion on Austria's application for membership
Image and identity : brand research for the Finnish Radio Amateur League (SRAL)
Matrikkeli 1996 = Directory 1996.
Construct validity of the scale of rational union commitment : a longitudinal study
AmCham Finland's member communication
The European Commission and the integration of Europe : images of governance
Denmark and EC : membership evaluated
The challenge of enlargement : Commission opinion on Sweden's application for membership
Dual allegiance of workers to company and union
Conclusions (s. 25-26).
Trade Union member's opinions from Finland
The challenge of enlargement : Commission opinion on Finland's application for membership
Expanding membership of the European Union
The Netherlands and EC membership evaluated
Europe, a civil power : lessons from EU experience
Immigrants at the workplace in the health care sector : Tehy survey on multiculturalism
Summary: Mikkeli Artists' Association runs an own gallery : ten years of nomadian life are finally over.
Aggregate results of the single market programme
A portrait of our Europe : information on the Member States and the Development of the European Union
The principles of direct effect and direct applicability in European community law
Matrikkeli 2004 = Directory 2004.
The relationship between European Community law and national law : the cases
Culture in action : studies in membership categorization analysis
IASS local representatives - our presence closer to you
