http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9761 engagement (properties)
engagement (properties)
Straight : the surprisingly short history of heterosexuality
Metaphor in use : context, culture, and communication
Human rights : the hard questions
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
The writing of Orpheus : Greek myth in cultural context
Cognition and cultural context : an inquiry into Gadamer's theory of context-dependence
Bollywood's India : Hindi cinema as a guide to contemporary India
Essays on the skill premium
History, violence and the hyperreal: representing culture in the contemporary Spanish novel
Disability, culture, and development : a case study of Japanese children at school
The ecstasy of influence : nonfictions, etc
Japanese femininities
Kultura e bashkëjetesës = A culture of peaceful coexistence
Touchstones or stumbling blocks? : On compensation as a translation technique with wordplay in the English translations of Les aventures d'Asterix
Why does the other line always move faster? : the myths and misery, secrets and psychology of waiting in line
Literary fat ladies : rhetoric, gender, property
The translation of culture-specific verbal humour in the TV-series Friends
Culture and commitment : A study of generation gap
Culture and well-being : the collected works of Ed Diener
Apuleius was a respected philosophus Platonicus in Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Until the middle of last century, he attracted the attention of scholars as a so-called 'Middle Platonist' author. Then, with the rejection of the historical schema that he had been situated in (the so-called 'school of Gaius', which we will treat shortly), his 'brother Alcinous was the object of studies and (even harsh) criticisms, while almost nothing more was written about Apuleius by anyone. Studies of Middle Platonism primarily accentuated the liberty of the philosophers of the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, who interpreted the doctrines of Plato without constituting a specific school. Due to this new vision of Middle Platonism, Apuleius' role was difficult to define. It is not uncommon to find that Apuleius the philosopher is completely neglected. The literary character, and especially the 'rhetorical' nature of some of his works and of his personality have probably hurt his reputation in philosophy. These aspects of his personality have however been ever more accentuated in the last few decades within the development of studies on Second Sophistics. Consequently not only have there been few scholars to show interest for Apuleius' philosophical doctrines, but those few who have the opportunity to almost manage his philosophical doctrines usually disregard his literary works. In this way one cannot understand the most specific aspect of his philosophy, which consists in a sort of intermingling of philosophy and literature (a typical attitude of Greek and Latin culture of the 2nd century AD), and above all, of religion and Platonism. The dichotomy between philosophy and literature that was normal in the 19th and 20th centuries therefore still persists in the case of Apuleius. Claudio Moreschini attempted in some way to fill this gap in his 1978 study on Apuleio e il Platonismo. It was obviously in vain. Accordingly, in this book he would like to reflect on the possibility of a synthesis between these two aspects.
"This is the first English-language study of the Chinese writer's work and influence, featuring essays from scholars in a range of disciplines, from both China and the United States. Its introduction, twelve articles, and epilogue aim to deepen and widen critical discussions of both a specific literary author and the globalization of Chinese literature more generally. The book takes the "root-seeking" movement with which Mo Yan's works are associated as a metaphor for its organizational structure. The four articles of "Part I: Leaves" focus on Mo Yan's works as world literature, exploring the long shadow his works have cast globally. Howard Goldblatt, Mo Yan's English translator, explores the difficulties and rewards of interpreting his work, while subsequent articles cover issues such as censorship and the "performativity" associated with being a global author. "Part II: Trunk" explores the nativist core of Mo Yan's works. Through careful comparative treatment of related historical events, the five articles in this section show how specific literary works intermingle with China's national and international politics, its mid-twentieth-century visual culture, and its rich religious and literary conventions, including humor. The three articles in "Part III: Roots" delve into the theoretical and practical extensions of Mo Yan's works, uncovering the vibrant critical and cultural systems that ground Eastern and Western literatures and cultures. Mo Yan in Context concludes with an epilogue by sociologist Fenggang Yang, offering a personal and globally aware reflection on the recognition Mo Yan's works have received at this historical juncture"--
Investigates how affectivity makes a difference in memory studies, performance studies, and the range of cultural studies across the humanities and social sciences today. This book illustrates the importance of theorizing affectivity at a moment when social and cultural life are becoming increasingly affect-driven.
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
Mo Yan in context : Nobel laureate and global storyteller
Re-drawing Austen : picturesque travels in Austenland
Cultural studies and anti-consumerism : a critical encounter
Cultural images of "minority" anglophone countries in selected English language textbooks used in Finland and France : a comparative study
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
Apuleius and the Metamorphosis of Platonism
Translating culture-specific items in 'Täällä Pohjantähden alla'
Note to self : self-analysis as a means to self-improvement in translation
Location
Meanings of violence in contemporary Latin America
Buddhism : introducing the Buddhist experience
Construction of identity in British and Indian cinema : a postcolonial approach
The aesthetics of strangeness : eccentricity and madness in early modern Japan
Social cleavages and political change : voter alignments and U.S. party coalitions
Memory and Migration is a truly interdisciplinary book featuring the work of leading scholars from a variety of fields across the globe. The essays are collaborative, successfully responding to the central theme and expanding upon the findings of individual authors. A groundbreaking contribution to an emerging field of study, Memory and Migration provides valuable insight into the connections between memory, place, and displacement."--pub. desc.
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
When a subtitler met Harry Lime : translation strategies for extralinguistic cultural references in Emmerdale
Memory and migration : multidisciplinary approaches to memory studies
Culture, power, place : explorations in critical anthropology
This volume showcases cutting-edge research in the linguistic and discursive study of masculinities, comprising the first significant edited collection on language and masculinities since Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 volume. Overall, the chapters are linked together by a critical analytical perspective that seeks to understand the relationships between discourse, masculinities, and power. Whereas some of the chapters offer detailed, linguistically informed critiques of the ways in which old and new expressions of masculinities are complicit in the reproduction of men's hegemonic positions of power, others provide a more complex picture, one in which collusion and subversion go hand in hand. Contributions argue for the need for research on language and masculinities to expand its remit so as to engage with "gay masculinities," and unsettle gendered categories in order to consider the ways in which women, transgender, and intersex individuals also perform a variety of masculinities. Finally, unlike Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 collection, this volume not only offers a wider—and perhaps "queerer" perspective—on the study of language and masculinities, but also covers a broader geographical and socio-cultural spectrum, including work on Brazil, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, and South Africa.
"Pain remained inside me, winter darkness makes it worse" : pain cultures and methods of pain relief in the Northern region
Abstract in English.
Fascinated by languages
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
The case of California
Intercultural communication, creativity and practice : a comparative study of British and Finnish cultural elements, humor and translation, utilizing a case study of Wendy Holden's novel Bad heir day
Longing belonging : an outsider at home in Calcutta
Modeling social phenomena in spatial context
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Culture and cognition : patterns in the social construction of reality
So you think you're good at English : a quizzical book
Translating for the theatre : on culture-specific elements in Ray Cooney's farce Out of order and their treatment in two Finnish translations
The triple package : what really determines success
Japanese frames of mind : cultural perspectives on human development
7 secrets from Hindu calendar art
Piercing the corporate veil
Smashing potatoes : challenging student agency as utterances
Changing forms and cultural identity : religious and secular iconographies. Vol. 1
Subtitling culture : on translating culturally bound elements in the TV-series Sex and the City
Between syntax and semantics
Art is a problem : selected criticism, essays, interviews and curatorial projects (1986-2011)
Exploring Korea traditional and modern
What colour is an orange cat? : Translation case study of three short stories by Alexander McCall Smith
Structures of feeling : affectivity and the study of culture
Latah in Southeast Asia : the history and ethnography of a culture-bound syndrome
"This volume addresses a situation now perceived among the most pressing issues faced by Latin America in our times: the proliferation of increasingly complex forms of violence, a reality with multiple ramifications, marking the socio-political landscape of the region in decisive ways. With contributions by scholars from various fields (the social sciences, journalism, and the humanities), this book examines not only the manifestations and the effects of violence but also the social acts that surround it and make it meaningful. Violence appears here as a natural yet dramatic manifestation of how individuals organize themselves in contemporary Latin America"--
"Memory plays an integral part in how individuals and societies construct their identity. While memory is usually considered in the context of a stable, unchanging environment, this collection of essays explores the effects of immigration, forced expulsions, exile, banishment, and war on individual and collective memory. The ways in which memory affects cultural representation and historical understanding across generations is examined through case studies and theoretical approaches that underscore its mutability.
The contextual nature of launching industrial new products
Metaphor and intercultural communication
Comparative Sport Development : systems, participation and public policy
Translating humoristic allusions in Jane Evanovich's One for the money and Two for the Dough
The semiotics of Russian culture
Language and masculinities : performance, intersections, dislocations
"This volume includes contributions of scholars from various fields--the social sciences, journalism, the humanities and the arts--whose work offers insightful and innovative ways to understand the devastating and unprecedented forms of violence currently experienced in Latin America. As an interdisciplinary endeavor, it offers an array of perspectives that contribute to ongoing debates in the study of violence in the region"--
Finding one's place : an ethnological study of belonging among Swedish migrants on the Costa del Sol in Spain
Finance : servant or deceiver? : financialization at the crossroads
Word & image : articulations on literature & films
Changes in the conceptualization of leadership during an African college course
World affairs in foreign films : getting the global picture
The everyday life and bonds of the spousal care of the elderly.
Comparative politics : rationality, culture, and structure
The semiotics of performance
The use and translation of fictional realia in dystopian science fiction texts
Traduction et conscience sociale autour de la pensée de Daniel Simeoni = Translation as social conscience around rhe work of Daniel Simeoni
Liminality informatics : an information perspective on ritual activity
The aim of this book is to provide an overview of perspectives and approaches to sports development focusing on sport systems, sport participation and public policy towards sports. It includes twelve European countries covering all regions of Europe and eleven countries from around the globe. The objective is to present an overview of the diversity of approaches taken to sport development, focusing on the different sport systems and how sport is financed, the underlying applications of sport policy and how it is reflected in sport participation. This book takes a comparative approach which is reflected in each chapter following a similar structure. The diversity of sports systems in Europe and other continents and their (historical) context is shown. Thereby a range of policy approaches underpinning sport development around the world are presented, making it of interest to both academics and policy-makers concerned with sports economics and policy.
"This book examines Japanese cultural beliefs about disability and related socialization practices as they impact the experiences of elementary school-aged children. Physical and mental conditions which impair children's functioning are universal issues impacting child welfare and educational systems around the world. While the American approach is well understood and represented in the literature, cultures differ in which physical and mental conditions are considered 'disabling'. Currently, the Japanese educational system is in transition as public schools implement formal special education services for children with developmental disabilities. 'Developmental disabilities' is a new term used by Japanese educators to categorize a variety of relatively minor social and cognitive conditions caused by neurologically based deficits: learning disabilities such as dyslexia, ADHD, and Asperger's Syndrome. Children who were once considered 'difficult' or 'slow learners' are now considered to be 'disabled' and in need of special services. This transition created an excellent opportunity to explore Japanese beliefs about disability that might otherwise have remained unexamined by participants, and how these evolving beliefs and new socialization and educational practices impact children's experiences"--
The impact of culture on advertising appeals in mobile phone industry : a study of social video advertising in UK, Brasil, India and Poland
The armchair economist : economics and everyday life
Translating 'Looking for Andrew McCarthy' by Jenny Colgan : a descriptive analysis of the translation strategies used for culture-bound elements and allusions
The anthropological character of theology : conditioning theological understanding
Adequacy in Finnish translations of Anglo-American literature
Transfer and translation : intercultural dialogues = Transfert et traduction : dialogues interculturels = Vermittlung und Übersetzung
Cultural functions of translation
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
The effect of foreignization in the translation of Edgar Allan Poe's 'The murders in the Rue Morgue'
Design preferences concerning example products in the USA, South Korea and Germany
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Cultures of health, cultures of illness
Culture and upbringing : adaptation experiences of Somali families
Domestication and foreignisation in the Finnish and Swedish translations of the BFG by Roald Dahl
Architecture depends
