http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9763 progress of a society
progress of a society
The great reckoning : How the world will change before the year 2000
INFORMATION SOCIETY OF VIETNAM: CURRENT STATE AND PERSPECTIVE
In search of France
The future of the Baltic region : an analysis of regional development
Evolution, order and complexity
Abstract.
Feminism without borders : decolonizing theory, practicing solidarity
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Off the map : a personal history of Finland
Finland's way to the information society : the national strategy and its implementation
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
War - what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilisation, from primates to robots
X-events : the collapse of everything
Social capital : global and local perspectives
Putin and the rise of Russia
Beyond black and white : from civil rights to Barack Obama
The great surge : the ascent of the developing world
Globalization and identity : development and integration in a changing world
Society against nature : the emergence of human societes
The European construction of normativity : between nation-state and global society
Information services today : an introduction
Reinventing technology : policies for democratic values
The role of the municipalities in town-planning and social advancement : presidential address before the Tunisian Womens' Union on the closing of the municipal election campaign, Carthage, 3rd May 1969
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Development of African societies up to the nineteenth century
Foresight and innovation in regional development
Prosessijohtamisen käsitteet = Terms and concepts in business process management
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
The Role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in the New Economy
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Development and population growth in Africa
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Role of the old and new institutional framework in combating the resource curse in Kazakhstan
The response to industrialism, 1885-1914
Nigeria : the birth of Africa's greatest country : from the pages of Drum magazine / Vol. 2.
Politics in postwar Japanese society
Children of the jacaranda tree
The festival of insignificance : a novel
Sustainable development from the viewpoint of ethics and economics
The ideologies of the developing nations
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
Thailand's economic recovery
Iron, steam & money : the making of the industrial revolution
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Constitution of personal social space in a transition society
Reworking apartheid legacies : global competition, gender and social wages in South Africa, 1980-2000
Democracy, lifelong learning and the learning society : active citizenship in a late modern age
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
The power of communication : changes and challenges in African media
Civilising the state : state, civil society and politics in Thailand
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
The sceptical optimist : why technology isn't the answer to everything
The return : Russia's journey from Gorbachev to Medvedev
Information Technology, Globalization and Social Development
The Japanese social structure : its evolution in the modern century
A history of Japan
Franco's crypt : Spanish culture and memory since 1936
The sociology of the Third World : disparity and development
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
Charting Finland's future options : a report by the Government to Parliament
Perspectives to global social development
Join the club : how peer pressure can transform the world
The intelligent man's guide to the post-war world
China 2.0 : the transformation of an emerging superpower ... and the new opportunities
Thinking in the future tense
A brief history of Afghanistan
Contesting moralities : science, identity and conflict
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
The shallow graves of Rwanda
The rise and fall of nations : ten rules of change in the post-crisis world
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Tunisia united in a single effort : presidential address on Labour Day at El Menzah, Tunis, 1st May 1969
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Society of the spectacle
The writing on the wall : China and the west in the 21st century
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
The agrarian problem in the sixteenth century
The dynamics of systems
The Company of neighbours : revitalizing community through action-research
Finland's way to the information society : the national strategy
Comparative national development : society and economy in the new global order
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
Making globalization work
Advanced introduction to law and development
The system of modern societies
The post-modern reader
Pure sociology : a treatise on the origin and spontaneous development of society
Implosions/explosions : towards a study of planetary urbanization
Modern societies currently lack positive alternative visions of the future. Many writers have claimed that the only option is a return to free-market capitalism, in which success and survival depend on being as competitive as possible whether as a nation, firm or individual.; Paul Hirst argues that there are viable alternative futures and widely applicable models that can be used to structure change. Hirst's distinctive approach to political theory reasons from real political problems rather than confining itself to abstract concepts.; Presenting an innovative political position, this collection of essays represents an attempt to re- state a practical third way between the discredited ideals of state socialism and laissez-faire capitalism.
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Who owns the future?
Russia's path towards on information society : Internatum Symposium '01, University of Helsinki, 17. May, 2001.
The sustainable workplaces : NOKIA & Lindström as a case study
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Politics and social forces in Chilean development
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Fragmenting societies? : a comparative analysis of regional and urban development
Zhongguo shehui lishi pinglun = China Social History Review. 6
Chinese looking glass
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
New York
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Progress report : RETA 6092 : Enhancing gender and development capacity in developing member countries : phase II ; Asian Development Bank, Regional and Sustainable Development Department
Value education : the Indian tradition
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Perspectives in social sciences. 1, Historical dimensions
Africa today : culture, economics, religion, security
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
How we got to now : six innovations that made the modern world
Transactions of the seventh World Congress of Sociology = Actes du septième Congrès Mondial de Sociologie : Varna, September 14-19, 1970. Volume 5, Leninism and theoretical problems of modern social development ; List of papers ; List of participants
South Asia
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
No future without forgiveness
Mozambique and Angola : reconstruction in the social sciences
In 1970, the influential French Marxist philosopher and sociologist Henri Lefebvre published a book titled The Urban Revolution, in which he advanced the hypothesis that "society has been completely urbanized." By this, Lefebvre meant that the process of urbanization creates the conditions for capitalism--rather than urbanization being an outcome of the circulation of capital--and that the consequences of this process therefore extended far beyond actual cities. Compiling both classic and contemporary essays on the "urbanization question," this book explores the various theoretical, epistemological and political implications of Lefebvre℗♭œ́s claim, with a series of analytical and cartographic interventions that reach beyond the conventional binaries of the topic (urban/rural, city/non-city, society/nature) in order to investigate the uneven implosions and explosions of capitalist urbanization across the globe--and what Lefebvre famously termed (in his book of the same name) "the production of space."
Universities and the future of America
Globalization : a very short introduction
Measuring the process : guidelines for evaluating social development
Meetingplace Baltic : on the origin of societies in the Baltic Region
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Corporate social responsibility in micro and small companies in southwest Finland : involvement, contribution and benefits
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Germany : a new history
Calcutta : two years in the city
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Trust in development
National development discourses within the global development hegemony : a case study of the post-2015 consultations in Tanzania
North Korea undercover : inside the world's most secret state
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Cultivating pluralism : psychological, social and cultural perspectives on a changing Ireland
Industrial relations : origins and patterns of national diversity
Communication capability
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The inner limits of mankind : heretical reflections on today's values, culture, and politics
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Analyses of historical and future problems of sustainable development : research articles in spatial sustainability analysis, planning and evaluation
Resource productivity in the information age
Reframing strategic corporate responsibility : from economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking to awareness and sustainable development
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
The reconstruction of social meaning in the space of flows
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Contemporary China
Darwinism and the study of society : a centenary symposium
Report of the Expert Panel on Information Technology and Development Priorities : Competing in a Knowledge-based Global Economy, Beirut, 15-16 May 2000
China in Latin America : the whats and wherefores
Localizing development : does participation work?
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
Plato at the Googleplex : Why philosophy won't go away
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Enabling openness : the future of the information society in Latin America and the Caribbean
A rugged nation
Simulating societies : the computer simulation of social phenomena
The many souths : class in southern culture
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
English abstract.
In recent years, corporations of all sizes and orientations have become more sensitive to social issues and stakeholder concerns, and they are collectively striving to become better corporate citizens (in some cases, urged on by shareholder pressure or government regulations). The best practices in corporate sustainability are no longer the exclusive domain of companies like Ben & Jerry's or Body Shop as they were a decade ago; now, large, multi-national companies like G.E. and Wal-Mart are leading the way with significant financial and organizational commitments to social and environmental issues. To help managers and academics keep their eye on the ever-moving target of sustainability, award-winning author and academic Marc Epstein's provides an authoritative and comprehensive guide to implementing corporate sustainability initiatives and to measuring both their social and financial impacts.
The full catastrophe : travels among the new Greek ruins
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
Does Palermo represent the future for Moscow?
Making sustainability work : best practices in managing and measuring corporate social, environmental and economic impacts
PASIFIC DESTINY : INSIDE ASIA TODAY
History after apartheid : visual culture and public memory in a democratic South Africa
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
The making of modern South Africa : conquest, apartheid, democracy
Persuasive communication and development : the case of the military in Nigeria
China at the crossroads
Central and Eastern European media in comparative perspective : politics, economy and culture
New York : a novel
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
A traveller's history of Turkey
Italy in the 1970s
Internet of things : global technological and global technological and societal trends
Corporate social responsibility as a gateway to sustainable development in Nigeria
Handbook of European societies : social transformation in the 21st century
Imagining India  : ideas for a new century
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Harry's last stand : how the world my generation built is falling down, and what we can do to save it
A sky without eagles : selected essays and speeches 2010-2014
What are we to do with our lives?
A brief history of the future  : a brave and controversial look at the twenty-first century
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Development and its discontents : proceedings of the Second Finnish Africa Days, Hyytiälä, Finland, May 23-25, 1994
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Empires of the Indus : the story of a river
Science policy and national development : two single study of a particular and general cases
Europe in the High Middle Ages
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The haunted land : facing Europes ghosts after communism
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
After the planners
Benedict : benchmarking European development cooperation (via) ICT
Russia's Path from Gorbachev to Putin: : the demise of the Soviet system and the New Russia
Responsible leadership : proceedings of the Corporate Responsibility Research (CRR) 2009 Conference
World without end
From statism to pluralism : democracy, civil society and global politics
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
After America : get ready for armageddon
One summer : America 1927
Development communication policy and economic fundamentalism in Ghana
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
The services economy : lever to growth
Technology and industrial change in Europe
The impact of corporate social responsibility initiative on sustainable livelihood capitals of cocoa farmers in Ghana : a case study of cocoa livelihood program in Ahafo Ano South District
Americanah
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
The art of Charlie Chan Hock Chye
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Post-Soviet civil society : democratization in Russia and the Baltic states
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Civil society organisations and service provision
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
The Marxist-Leninist theory of social development
Poverty and social developments in Peru, 1994-1997
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Changes of women and Canadian society in the mid 20th century in Margaret Laurence's "A jest of God"
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
Post-Soviet institutional design, NGOs and rural livelihoods in Uzbekistan
Brazil : the troubled rise of a global power
Indian society and culture: contiunity and change
Two nations : Britain in 1846
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
