http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9766 substitutes (employees)
substitutes (employees)
Freddy and the pig
The good temp
Effective substitute teachers? : myth, mayhem, or magic?
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT solutions in comprehensive schools
Key topics in education in Europe. Vol. 3, The teaching profession in Europe : profile, trends and concerns : Report II: Supply and demand
The substitute teacher as indicator
School of rock
Standing in for Lincoln Green
Teacher screecher
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT-solutions in comprehensive schools : Finland
The topic of this thesis is important for Finnish schools as the funding of schools has been reduced and it is harder for schools to meet the requirements of law considering students right for education. In this manner comprehensive schools need more convenient and cost-effective ways for recruiting substitute teachers to make sure that the students will get the best possible teaching even when their regular teacher is absent. Substitute hiring and management requires a lot of work even on daily basis in the comprehensive schools. Theoretical part of this thesis consists of human resource management, legal aspects and current possibilities for using IT-tools when managing substitutes. These theoretical parts will be compared with the results of the research about how the substitute teachers are managed and recruited in comprehensive schools in Finland. Baltic countries are also reviewed briefly. The research for this thesis was made with qualitative method by sending a questionnaire to comprehensive school personnel in Finnish schools in order to get information about the actual practices and to get suggestions of how these practices could be developed. The outcome of the research was that the teachers and administrative personnel are spending a lot of time to find substitutes for the absences. The workload is partly due to the fact that the current systems in use are not always updated and the teachers struggle to reach suitable and adequate substitute. Findings of thesis conclude that there is need and willingness to start using IT-tools to support substitute management and that existing substitute databases are not fully utilised. Developed mobile application should connect to several databases such as recruitment service and administrative soft-wares to reach and allow diverse communication between teachers and substitutes.
Job rotation - European models
Management and organization of temporary agency work
Mysteries according to Humphrey
