http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9769 saving
saving
Backpacking round Europe
Presentation material for long-term saving solution
A model of saving and education
Mrs Moneypenny's financial advice for independent women
Learning from experiences with energy management of commercial buildings
Understanding aggregate saving of households
Taxation and household saving in the Nordic countries
I will teach you to be rich
Existence effects of retirement savings program
Income inequality in the process of economic development : an empirical approach
Inflation and saving : testing Deaton's hypothesis
Swedish summary.
Capital market imperfections : taxation and household saving
101 great ways to sew a metre : look how much You can make with just one metre of fabric
Do taxes matter? : the impact of the Tax Reform Act of 1986
Taxation and household saving
Inflation, capital markets and household saving : evidence from Nordic countries
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Orchids on your budget, or, live smartly on what you have
Inequality, poverty, and history : the Kuznets memorial lectures of the economic growth center, Yale university
Private savings and capital income taxation : a differential incidence analysis
Improving financial literacy : analysis of issues and policies
When changing a lightbulb just isn't enough
Doing more with less : the new way to wealth
The impact of the 2008 financial crises on Finnish and American households
Charlotte's piggy bank
Household and corporate behaviour under uncertainty
The millionaire next door : the surprising secrets of America's wealthy
Saving electricity in a hurry : dealing with temporary shortfalls in electricity supplies
House prices, household saving and financial market liberalization in Finland
Learning from experiences with energy management in industry
Income, saving and the theory of consumer behavior
Patterns in household demand and saving
Consumption and savings over the life cycle
Capital accumulation and economic growth in a small open economy
Household saving and uncertainty : evidence from Finland
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
The economics of saving
Learning from experiences with energy efficient retrofitting of residential buildings
Migration, remittances and development
Accounting for saving : financial liberalization, capital flows, and growth in Latin America and Europe
Determination of personal consumption : theoretical foundations and empirical evidence from Sweden
How to spend less without being miserable
Economic development in Africa : reclaiming policy space : domestic resource mobilization and development states
Habit persistance in overlapping generation economies under pure exchange
Private pension policies in industrialized countries : a comparative analysis
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Intertemporal diversification, moral hazard and banking
Whatever happened to Latin America's savings? : comparing Latin American and East Asian savings performances
Intertemporal neutrality of taxation with special reference to social security
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
Portfolio-based segmentation and consumer behavior : empirical evidence and methodological issues
Inflation and saving : evidence from Finland
Savings for development : report of the Second International Symposium on the Mobilization of Personal Savings in Developing Countries, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 15-21 March 1982
Happy money : the new science of smarter spending
Money saving handbook
Corporate capital : control, ownership, saving and crisis
Thrift : how to have a stylish home without breaking the bank
Taxation, house prices and househould saving in the Nordic countries
Adaptation or a new strategy? : Finnish local welfare state in the 1990's
Competition in government-financed services
Household saving in Sweden and its composition : an empirical analysis
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
The collected writings of Paul Davidson. 2, Inflation, open economies and resources
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
Light's labour's lost : policies for energy-efficient lighting
The role of demographic factors as a determinant of savings
Rich dad's who took my money? : why slow investors lose and fast money wins
Age distribution, saving and consumption in Sweden
Aspects of macroeconomic saving
Does government and corporate saving influence household saving in Finland?
Macroeconomic policy after the conservative era : studies in investment, saving and finance
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
Fuel-saving instructions for merchant ships
101 fabric-by-fabric ways to sew a metre : includes cottons, knits, fleece, flannel, oilcloth and many more..
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
Happy money : the science of happier spending
A study of saving in the United States
Fuel and financial savings for operators of small fishing vessels
Monetary policy reaction functions and saving-investment correlations : some cross-country evidence
Costs of disarmament : rethinking the price tag : a methodological inquiry into the costs and benefits of arms control
Habit persistence in overlapping generations economics under pure exchange
It's your money, honey : a girl's guide to saving, investing, and building wealth at every age and life stage
The measurement of saving, investment, and wealth
Council of State programme on energy conservation : September 1992.
Your money or your life : 9 steps to transforming your relationship with money and achieving financial independence
Personal savings and capital income taxation : a differential incidence analysis
What is money?
Saving behaviour : theory, international evidence and policy implications : a summary of the proceedings of the conference held in Hanasaari, Finland, May 26-29, 1991
A reivew of commitment savings products in developing countries
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality if life while actually spending less
Household saving, interest rates, inflation and taxation : some cross-country evidence
Incentives and redistribution in the welfare state : the Swedish tax reform
Inflation, income distribution and stability of the saving function
Environmental economics : an introduction for students of resource and environmental sciences
Social policy in times of austerity : global economic crisis and the new politics of welfare
International differences in saving rates and the life cycle hypothesis : a comment
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
Understanding consumption
Cool appliances : policy strategies for energy-efficient homes
The behaviour of an economy subject to an external constraint
Executive summary (s. 11-20).
Household behaviour : consumption, income and wealth
Do cutbacks pay off? : perceived changes in the standard of municipal services and attitudes towards services among citizens and municipal decision makers in Finland
How to give up shopping (or at least cut down) : the journey back to conscious spending
The simple life
The ethos of thrift : the promotion of bank saving in Finland during the 1950s
Everyday economics : honest answers to tough questions
Financial services and poverty reduction : a case study of the use and impact of microfinance services among women street traders in Durban , South Africa
Saving, growth and fertility : some cross-country evidence
Inflation, capital markets and household saving in Nordic countries
Out of equilibrium
The economic theory of annuities
Studies in saving under uncertainty
Future global capital shortages : real threat or pure fiction?
Children's saving : study in the development of economic behaviour
Trade surpluses and life-cycle saving behaviour
Proceedings of the Expert Group Meeting on Energy-Efficient Building Materials for Low-Cost Housing, Amman, November 1987
The DIY wedding manual : how to create your perfect day without a celebrity budget
Emerging and potential trends in public management : an age of austerity
Europe on a shoestring
Testing savings product innovations using an experimental methodology
Permanent income hypothesis and saving in Finland
The mystery of banking
Social security and the economics of intertemporal choice
Taxation and household saving : country surveys = Fiscalité et épargne des ménages : Enquêtes par pays
Life cycles, oil cycles or financial reforms? : the growth in private savings rates in Indonesia
Saving and economic growth from a Nordic perspective
Cash, savings and all that stuff : a guide to money and how to manage it
An intertemporal model of transfers
Implicit interest as price discrimination in the bank deposit market
Why are household saving rates so low in the nordic countries?
Savings behavior : theory, international evidence and policy implications
How to live on less : a guide to everyday budgeting and self-sufficiency
"After the last set of business scandals and financial busts, many powerful interests and many influential people are asking questions about doing more with less, from governments to multinational corporations; they are seeking this realignment in hopes of regaining their balance. Doing More with Less is an actionable call to arms, with global insights -- that are of immediate application to professionals in any industry -- into new ways to better align money, people, and rules. Author, Bruce Piaceski, convincingly lays out the case for a return to frugality, providing relevant examples from his thirty years of experience as a management consultant and change agent. Piaceski deftly explains how this approach to competition is relevant, and provides readers with the framework to look at what's next without tottering toward failure"--
Consumption, habits of consumption and uncertainty about labour incomes
Reduce, reuse, recycle : an easyhousehold guide
Fiscal policy and private consumption - saving decisions : European evidence
Saving and endogenous growth : a survey of theory and policy
Taxation and household saving in open economies : evidence from the Nordic countries
The purpose of this thesis is to create presentation material for a long-term saving solution. The sponsor was the Espoo-Tapiola branch of Sampo Bank. Branch personnel will use the material in customer meetings to present the long-term saving solution. The long-term saving solution became available in the Finnish market on April 1 2010. Because this was a new product offering, there was a genuine need for presentation material. Research and implementation started in the beginning of 2010 and continued until May of 2010. The theoretical framework was based on main areas - The long-term saving act, sales process, product and saving objects (equities, bonds, mutual funds and saving account) as well as visualized information, visual representation, visual perception and design principles are discussed. The study was carried out as a product type thesis. The analytical approach was qualitative. Based on the literature review a framework was created for the implementation process. The implementation began by identifying a theme for each slide (the concepts of long-term saving, withdrawal, product in a nutshell, and international opportunities in investing) and creating a template with a colour scheme and typeface. The framework consisted of three phases: pre-processing, visual mapping and design. During pre-processing, information selection and creation of mental model of the key message were made for each slide. In visual mapping, graphical elements were mapped with graphical properties. Visual perception was used to encode the key message with pre-attentive attributes to create a focal point. During the design phase, the focal point and unified look were evaluated. As a result of this thesis, the presentation material for a long-term saving solution was created. The sponsor, Sampo Bank, benefits by being able to use the material in customer meetings. As a secondary outcome, the framework can be used in designing presentation material in the future. The purpose of the material is to support the discussion of the long-term saving solution in the product presentation phase of the sales process. The presentation material was produced with PowerPoint since it can be presented by computer and flip chart. In conclusion, the purpose of this thesis was achieved. The employers of Espoo-Tapiola branch of Sampo Bank can use the presentation material in customer meetings to present the long-term saving solution and further develop it.
Please may I have some of yours?
Individual pensions savings in Finland 2006
The skinny budget diet : weigh less, save money, look great
Fiscal policy and private consumption - saving decisions : evidence from Finland
The allocation of health care resources : an ethical evaluation of the 'QALY' approach
The economics of tax policy
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
Existence Impacts of Retirement Saving Programs under Heterogeneous Hyperbolic Agents
Activating continuous saving in investment funds
Saving oil in a hurry
Nice girls don't get rich : 75 avoidable mistakes women make with money
Capital income taxation and household saving
A contingent claim analysis of the value of deposit insurance and bank risk incentives
Will the source of life dry up?
The Spending and Saving Behavior of the Finnish Population and its Impact on the Finnish Economy
How to eat better for less money : with a helpful supplement on budget wines and spirits
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
The macroeconomics of ageing, pensions and savings : a survey
