http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9779 television broadcasting
television broadcasting
Televised election debates : international perspectives
Located in the United States, NBC (National Broadcasting Company) is the biggest and most powerful Olympic network in the world, having won the rights to televise both the Summer and the Winter Olympic Games. By way of attracting more viewers of both sexes and all ages and ethnicities than any other sporting event, and through the production of breathtaking spectacles and absorbing stories, NBC's Olympic telecasts have huge power and potential to shape viewer perceptions. Billings's text examines the production, content, and potential effects of NBC's Olympic telecasts. Interviews with key NBC Olympic producers and sportscasters (including NBC Universal Sports and Olympics President Dick Ebersol and primetime anchor Bob Costas) outline the inner workings of the NBC Olympic machine; content analyses from ten years of Olympic telecasts (1996-2006) examine the portrayal of nationality, gender, and ethnicity within NBC's telecast; and survey analyses interrogate the extent to which NBC's storytelling process affects viewer beliefs about identity issues. This mixed-method approach offers an insights into what Billings portrays as the biggest show on television.
This business of television
Below the line : producers and production studies in the new television economy
Airy curtains in the European ether : broadcasting and the Cold War
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
Televising war : from Vietnam to Iraq
Inside the BBC and CNN : managing media organisations
Light and colour filters
The electric mirror: politics in an age of television
Broadcast design
The role of televised debates in the U.S. presidential election process (1960-2004)
Live television : time, space and the broadcast event
TV rights and sport : legal aspects
European sports law : collected papers
Make the cut : a guide to becoming a successful assistant editor in film and TV
Digital interactive TV and metadata : future broadcast multimedia
Sports on television : the how and why behind what you see
Olympic media : inside the biggest show on television
Television sports production
Into the newsroom : exploring the digital production of regional television news
The purpose of the thesis was to demonstrate the difference in litigation news in both Finland and Japan by making a short documentary film and utilizing the guidelines of content analysis. Also the plan was to use comments from specialists in both countries to give a third person's opinion to the way of presenting the news. The materials were recorded from Finnish and Japanese channels, YLE and TBC respectively. Because of the difference in the broadcast formats in the two countries the materials have to be converted to similar formats depending on which country is the intended target for the video. The conversion from the Japanese analog NTSC format to Finnish analog PAL format is difficult because of the different frame size and frequency the two formats have. The PAL format also requires conversion from the file format it was recorded to something that can be handled in a proper editing program such as Adobe Premiere. The conversion caused problems, because of the rarity of free programs that can carry out the conversion. Also the quality of the converted version of the NTSC material was not up to expectations and could not be used. Problems also appeared with the specialists' comments, since finding the correct person to answer questions about news presentation is difficult. The most notable difference between the broadcasts is the length; Finland's ca. 2 min. compared to Japan's ca. 5 min. Also the lack of details in the Finnish one especially the absence of pictures of victims and the crime scene is notable. Furthermore, the Japanese news use subtitles while the Finnish do not. The document itself was put on hold until the comments from the specialists can be collected as well as digital broadcast material gathered from the Japanese news. Since the outline of the document has already been made, the compiling should go easily after all the materials have been gathered.
The influence of pay-to-view television on professional cricket : professional cricket player perceptions
Basics, film-making 01 : producing
Relocating television : television in the digital context
The rights to TV broadcast of sports events
Television a sure winner at championships
Joint selling of football broadcasting rights in Europe, a friend or foe of the principle of Fair Play?
Professional sport in the European Union : regulation and re-regulation
Genre matters : essays in theory and criticism
The economics of sports broadcasting
Picture perfect : life in the age of the photo op
A screen full of sports, but not at any price
Comparing Finnish and Japanese litigation news
New media and sport : international legal aspects
Interactive TV technology and markets
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
