http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9770 telex
telex
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
The public arts
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
Empire. the complete second season
House and philosophy : everybody lies
Richly detailed and empirically grounded, this first book-length study of infotainment and its globalisation by a leading scholar of global communication, offers a comprehensive and critical analysis of this emerging phenomenon.
Television Production : Managing the Technology
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
The Tudors. The complete first season
Ordinary television : analyzing popular TV
Boardwalk empire. The complete fifth season
Deadliest catch. Season 10.
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Vikings. The complete second season
Making sense of the senseless : the management of problematic questions in the Noriko Show
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
The Tudors. The complete second season
This volume offers the first critical history of black and Asian representation on British television from the earliest days of broadcasting to the present day.
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Reality television
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
Abstract.
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
Internet Connectivity Providers as Involuntary Copyright Enforcers : Blocking Websites in Particular
Writing and producing for television and film
MTV : the making of a revolution
This assessment of the interdependence of television across cultures and nations brings together the most current research and theories on the subject. Drawing on quantitative and cultural studies perspectives, the book provides a model which attempts to move beyond the current controversies about dependency and globalisation.
Tune in, log on : soaps, fandom, and online community
Whither Quo vadis?
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Twin Peaks
The Europe of 1500-1815 on film and television : a worldwide filmography of over 2550 works, 1895 through 2000
The influence of pay-to-view television on professional cricket : professional cricket player perceptions
World television : from global to local
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
Representing black Britain : a history of black and Asian images on British television
Blacks and white TV : afro-americans in television since 1948
Advertising to children : concepts and controversies
'Television across Europe' analyzes the factors which have shaped the development of television in the post-war period in Western Europe, and forecasts future issues.
Reign. the complete second season
The study of alternative solutions for the provision of telecommunications services in developing countries : case study based on the regulatory and organizational structures in Finland : case Finland : report
Citizen television : a local dimension to public service broadcasting
Wild by nature. Life in high places
Girls. The complete third season
Bonner provides a distinctive angle on a key area of research and teaching across media and cultural studies - the content of television and the relations between television genres and audiences.
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
Television's window on the world : international affairs coverage on the U.S. networks
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
24 : live another day
Medical applications and technical standardization of teleconferencing
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
Lost. 2 : The complete second season : the extended experience
Talking as fast as I can : from Gilmore girls to Gilmore girls, and everything in between
A systematic literature review on use of technology in diabetes management among nurses : benefits and barriers
Downton Abbey. Series six
Eyes on you : a novel of suspense
Game of thrones : music from the HBO series : season 6
Missä virrat yhtyvät : All the rivers run
Dominion. Season two
The Knick. The complete first season
Revenge. the complete fourth and final season
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Television and Fertility
This revised edition provides a revealing examination of how the format of presenting politics on television has changed the way viewers act, vote, and feel about politics in the United States.
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Television across Europe
Arrow. Season 1 : The complete first season
30 rock. Season 2.
Live television : time, space and the broadcast event
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Brad Schultz follows the process of news production from the creation of story ideas to presentation on air, in television radio & on the Internet. He also discusses issues facing producers, such as newsroom leadership, resource management & newsroom relationships.
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Boardwalk empire. The complete fourth season
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
Fast n' loud : beards, builds and beers
How to understand the changes and challenges within the television industry in Finland
Essays on competition in e-markets
Downton Abbey. Series one
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
The psychology of music in multimedia
Digital TV: fixed and mobile systems
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Broadcast news producing
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
Translation of allusions in the animated cartoon The Simpsons
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
Rizzoli & Isles, the complete first season
Arab television industries
Evaluation of Internet channels and their impacts on Irish mobile operators' business models
Meta-analysis : effects of Sesame Street on children's learning in 15 countries
Da Vinci's demons. The complete second season
Follow FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper and Sheriff Harry S. Truman as they try to hunt down just who killed Laura Palmer in the sleepy town of Twin Peaks, Washington.
Scorpion. Season one
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
This text takes the point that TV violence supports the social order by providing a safe outlet for aggressive impulses. Fowles challenges conventional wisdom by asking readers to think about their own viewing habits and those of their friends.
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Californication : tuotantokaudet 1-3
Look closer : suburban narratives and American values in film and television
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
The suggested Marketing plan for new student ICON package in the ICON department of Banglalink company
Advertising to Children stimulates and informs the debate on the ethics and effectiveness of marketing to children. The research tackles a wide range of issues including smoking and alcohol consumption.
Heartland TV : prime time television and the struggle for U.S. identity
Born a crime : and other stories
KBS TV documentary series featuring Korean history from the Joseon kingdom period to the early 20th century. "This groundbreaking documentary visits major archaeological and historically important sites and contains commentary from prominent scholars and local experts." -- Container.
Seducing America : how television charms the modern voter
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
Television and popular culture in India : a study of the Mahabharat
Dominion. Season one
This text provides practical guidelines to those in the field of entertainment-education drama who want to sharpen their skills. It contains separate sections for various users - programme managers, writers, producers, directors and actors.
The case for television violence
Peter Dahlgren clarifies the underlying theoretical concepts of civil society and the public sphere, and relates these to a critical analysis of the practice of television as journalism, as information and as entertainment. He demonstrates the limits and the possibilities of the television medium and the formats of popular journalism. These issues are linked to the potential of the audience to interpret or resist messages, and to construct its own meanings.
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Internet protocol television (IPTV) services
The work provides an introduction to on-line and audience issues through the study of an Internet soap opera fan group composed largely of women. The author shows that women can build good on-line communities, whilst welcoming male participation.
Yŏksa sŭpʼesyŏl = Korean history, fresh perspectives
Olympic media : inside the biggest show on television
The Bible : the epic miniseries
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
British TV and film in the 1950s : 'coming to a TV near you!'
Sight, sound, and society : motion pictures and television in America
Lonesome Dove : the outlaw years. Part I.
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
Sounds like a fun party : the use and functions of verbal irony in the situation comedy Friends
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Telepsychiatry services in Finland
Fear itself
Understanding the global TV format
eMedic : developing new practices for teleconsultation and diabetes
In this accessible book, Stephanie Marriott engages in a close and detailed analysis of the nature of live television. She examines the transformations in our experience of time and space which are brought about by the capacity of broadcasting, to bring us the world in the moment in which it is unfolding.
Unforgettable. The complete second season
Staff members at Sesame Workshop asked us to conduct a meta-analysis of their proprietary evaluation research on the effects of viewing international versions of Sesame Street. We conducted a systematic search of online databases to look for any other relevant studies and ultimately analyzed a sample of 24 studies, conducted with over 10,000 children in 15 countries. This case study describes the process of defining the outer boundaries of the meta-analysis, developing the coding scheme, the challenges of coding the material reliably, the basic structure of the data set and analyses, and the challenges of communicating the results effectively both to academic and lay audiences.
Heroes : season 1 part one
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Prime-time America : life on and behind the television screen
The Romulan stratagem
Contemporary Scottish fictions : film, television and the novel
The newsroom. The complete second season
Carlos the jackal
Deadliest catch. The complete first season
Filmmusik anthology. Volume 1, 2 & 3
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The Clarkson collection
Assessment of telemedicine applications : an update
A collection of essays about the author's experiences on the set of "Gilmore Girls" and her decision to reprise her role for Netflix's upcoming limited-series revival also shares insights into the realities of being an actress in Hollywood and New York.
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Magical Mystery Tour
The crisis of public communication
International market entry strategy of Viettel Telecom Corporation
Modern television systems to HDTV and beyond
The Television Handbook
Charlotte Crosby has been one of the UK's best-loved TV stars since she burst onto the celeb scene in 2011 with Geordie Shore. Laugh-out-loud hilarious, genuine, and a proper Geordie, Charlotte's popularity has even seen her crowned winner of 2013's Celebrity Big Brother. With her trademark humour and warmth, in ME ME ME Charlotte takes us on a very unique journey through her eventful teenage years (where literally nothing is off limits!), her attempts at holding down jobs (and booze), the life-changing experience of Geordie Shore, the truth about Gaz and his parsnip, and her inspiring weight-loss triumph. Full of drawings, doodles, and Charlotte's personal photos, this will be unlike any other celebrity autobiography on the market. Extremely personal, insanely honest and pant-wettingly funny.
Mass media statistics
Desperately seeking the audience
Television and the public sphere : citizenship, democracy, and the media
Early musical instruments
The Pacific- Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit (BD)
The remote body : the phenomenology of telepresence and re-embodiment
An engaging and up-to-date look at television journalism examining the history, contemporary trends and future directions of the medium.
News as entertainment : the rise of global infotainment
Lost. 6, The complete sixth season: the final season
Leftovers. the complete second season
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Originals. the complete third season
Wild by nature. Due south
Goldbergs. Season 1, The complete first season
Telecommunication Market and Business Opportunities
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
State of play
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
Above suspicion. 1-3
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
Louis Theroux : the collection
