http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9778 society
society
Corporate Social Responsibility: Approaches and Criticism
The immigrant's guide to living in australia
Korea focus : on current topics
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Social responsibility - methods, dilemmas and hopes
Art with people
The development practitioners' handbook
Out there : marginalization and contemporary cultures / ed. by Russel Ferguson... [et al.]
Social policy and society
New modes of globalizing : experimentalist forms of economic organization and enabling welfare institutions : lessons from the Nordic countries and Slovenia
Lithuania business intelligence report
Concerning the grounds of modern economic society and political economy : an analysis of the writings of Say, Saint-Simon, and Sismondi, using the works of Michel Foucault
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Identifying remaining socio-technical challenges at the national level: Finland : working paper (WP 1 - MS 5)
Lithuania profile
International society
Handbook of advocacy advertising : concepts, strategies and applications
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
Whose servants? : The Dilemma of Four Tanzanian Umbralla and Quasi-umbrella NGOs
Glimpses of Lithuania
Modern societies currently lack positive alternative visions of the future. Many writers have claimed that the only option is a return to free-market capitalism, in which success and survival depend on being as competitive as possible whether as a nation, firm or individual.; Paul Hirst argues that there are viable alternative futures and widely applicable models that can be used to structure change. Hirst's distinctive approach to political theory reasons from real political problems rather than confining itself to abstract concepts.; Presenting an innovative political position, this collection of essays represents an attempt to re- state a practical third way between the discredited ideals of state socialism and laissez-faire capitalism.
A nineteenth-century American reader
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Industrialization and society
The cashless society EFTS at the crossroads
Social policy and society : a journal of the Social Policy Association
Himalayan discoveries : an interdisciplinary journal on Himalayan studies
Hungary : politics, economics and society
The vegetarian : a novel
Undestanding TED as Alternative Media
"Meditation changed my life" : A study of experiences of Finnish meditation practitioners in Tampere
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Jack Cloudie
Managing art projects with societal impact : in a nutshell
Industrial society : class, cleavage and control
Corporate Social Responsibility: A Case Study of BSCI Implementation at Best Friend Group Oy
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Latvia business intelligence report
Sociocultural space : spatial modelling and the sociocultural world
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Techno-human : expedition of altered human by technology from science-fiction cinema to the post-industrial world
Art and patronage in the Caroline courts : essays in honour of Sir Oliver Millar / edited by David Howarth
Introducing applied ethics
The saturated society : with a new foreword
The way things were
Russia and its crisis
Adult learning in the digital age :  information technology and the learning society
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Biserică și societate : paradigme, interpretări, implicații = Church and society : paradigms, interpretations, implications
Soccer and society
Prophecy and progress : the sociology of industrial and post-industrial society
D.I.Y. detente : a guide to meeting people in the Soviet Union
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
The social dimensions of science
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
XIVth International Forestry Students Symposium = XIVième Colloque International des Etudiants Forestiers = XIVes Internationales Symposium für Forststudenten = XIVe Internationaal Symposium voor Bosbouwstudenten
"This social science dictionary has 1000 entries covering the disciplines of sociology, criminology, political science and women's study with a commitment to Canadian examples and events and names."--Kotisivu.
Get me out of here
Corporate Social Responsibility Benchmarking in the Sporting Goods Industry
The mass media and modern society
Sociological interpretations of schooling and classrooms : a re-appraisal
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Report on Bootan
Making America : the society and culture of the United States
Understanding social theory
The case of the missing statue : a historical and literary study of the Stalin monument in Prague
About Greece
Burma : the challenge of change in a divided society
Management Challenges in the 21st Century : Digitalization of Society, Economy and Market : Current Issues and Challenges
Golden age : a novel
The disreputable profession : the actor in society
Human societies : an introduction to macrosociology
All involved : a novel
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Youth and development in the coast region of Tanzania
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Focus on Finland
The triple package : what really determines success
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
Changing images of civil society : from protest to government
Philosophical foundations of English socialism
The present age : progress and anarchy in modern America
International journal of sino-western studies
The press in modern society
The concept of socialism
The man in the high castle
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
Report on the Church history conference in Valmiera (Latvia)
Sociology : man in society
Business brief: Britain
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Women transforming societies : Sub-Saharan Africa and Caribbean perspectives
Estonia business intelligence report
Agrarian socialism : the coöperative commonwealth federation in Saskatchewan : a study in political sociology
Libraries - an important part of the developing information society : a greeting to the international community of librarians
Expertise through projects
Postmodernity decadence or resistance
Food and society
The Russian challenge and the year 2000
Class in selected novels of D.H. Lawrence
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
Transformational outcomes of civil society organizations
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Using research instruments : a guide for researchers
Islam and the integration of society
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Voluntary CSR vs. mandatory CSR : the sound of employees
Dynamics of peace management : from interstate to inter-humanity dialogue
The web of violence : from interpersonal to global
Finland : nature, society, and regions
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Science, liberty and peace
Software reflected : the socially responsible programming of our computers
From Rousseau to Lenin : Studies in Ideology and Society
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
One child : the story of China's most radical experiment
Globalisation, global justice and social work
The core of the sun
This is Finland
City of thieves
EBRF 2011 : conference proceedings
Finland in figures 2016.
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
A rugged nation
Magic breaks
Information science : from the development of the discipline to social interaction
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
It's kind of a funny story
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
Media, communications and open society
The army and the revolutionary transformation of society
The Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact project has been created to increase the level of knowledge and competence of cultural managers who engage in managing and mediating art projects with societal impact. The published study book by the project Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact meets the demand for developing specific management skills by discussing the intersections of art, society and impacts and their relation to different policies, as well as identifying the central managerial aspects that are relevant to increasing the societal influence of the arts. This guide, based on the contribution of project’s study book, presents some tools and models with illustrative cases and examples, which seek to reflect diverse reader experiences, learning methods and ideas for managing art projects with societal impact.
"Multiculturalism has been for years an issue of concern. But in recent years, it has also been at the forefront of political debates. Various types of multiculturalist policies have been proposed and criticised. Should persons, cultural groups and peoples be recognized in their various cultural practices, including religion and ethnic identity?"--Provided by publisher.
The social impact of modern biology
Disputatio politica de formis imperiorum et monarchae seu regis constitutione. Praeside m. Michaele O. Wexionio hist. & pol. p. p. nec non pro tempore in spectore s. r. m.tis stip. accuratissimo: Respondente Iohanne L. Klingio Nericiense s. r.ae m.tis stipendiario. In Regia, nova ac praeclara Academia Aboënsi: ad diem 23. Nov. a. 1644. horis & loco consvetis
The role of top-level sport in Finland : a governmental perspective of the present status and future trends
Presentation of the American culture in EFL textbooks : an analysis of the cultural content of Finnish EFL textbooks for secondary and upper secondary education
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Tess of the d'Urbervilles : a pure woman faithfully presented
Technology, society and man
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Reinventing technology : policies for democratic values
The Sage handbook of governance
A marker to measure drift
The invention of culture
The road to serfdom
The Socialist Republic of VietNam : basic information
Advertising in society : classic and contemporary readings on advertising's role in society
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Ghosts of Spain : travels through a country's hidden past
The transformation of political community : ethical foundations of the post-Westphalian era
All that is solid melts into air : the experience of modernity
Crime and society in England 1750-1900
The social function of science
Social radicalism and arts : Western Europe : a cultural history from the French revolution to 1968 / by Donald Drew Egbert
Librarians as community partners : an outreach handbook
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
The decline of the market : the ruin of capitalism and anti-capitalism
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
The Complete Novels
The press and the organisation of society
Introducing USA
Dancers and communities : a collection of writings about dance as a community art
From statism to pluralism : democracy, civil society and global politics
State and society in contemporary Europe
The world : a beginner's guide
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Robotics : applications and social implications
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
Features of online action in Russian blogosphere : a case study research of an ad hoc movement in St. Petersburg
Society as a department store : critical reflections on the liberal state
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
The plural states of recognition
The Philippines past and present
Season of the rainbirds
Relations in public : microstudies of the public order
Literature and society
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
For over three decades, China exercised unprecedented control over the reproductive habits of its billion citizens. Now, with its economy faltering just as it seemed poised to become the largest in the world, the Chinese government has brought an end to its one-child policy. It may once have seemed a shortcut to riches, but it has had a profound effect on society in modern China. Combining personal portraits of families affected by the policy with a nuanced account of China's descent towards economic and societal turmoil, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Mei Fong reveals the true cost of this most controversial of policies. Drawing on eight years spent documenting its repercussions, she reveals a dystopian legacy of second children refused documentation by the state, only children supporting their parents and grandparents, and villages filled with ineligible bachelors.
The application of the SMETA audit protocol on the management of the CSR of Peruvian companies : a case study of standardization via SMETA in manufacturing companies
Modern Soviet society
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 5, Literature and society
Forum on public policy : a journal of the Oxford Round Table
On the nature of social and institutional reality
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
One thousand and twenty years of young Slovakia : the first complete book about the Slovak Republic
Poetry and contemporary culture : the question of value ; edited by Andrew Michael Roberts and Jonathan Allison
Online dictionary of the social sciences
Hearts and minds : Irish culture and society under the Act of Union
Computers and society
The state of China atlas
Nyfiken på Sverige : samhällsorientering för vetgiriga = Curious about Sweden : civic studies for those eager to learn
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Interest representation and state-society relations in East Central Europe
The political potential of migrants is often overlooked in discussions around integration
Professing sociology : studies in the life cycle of social science
Education intelligence : networking makes the knowledge society strong : final report 2006
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
Trust in a complex world : rebuilding community
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
The social science encyclopedia
