http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p978 economic policy
economic policy
Economic policy and planning in the Netherlands, 1950-1965
China and its regions : economic growth and reform in Chinese provinces
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Doing business in China
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Latin America and the Caribbean : a Systematic and Regional Survey
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
General remarks on the speed of transformation in the socialist countries
Did Putin's reforms catapult Russia to durable growth?
13th labour of Hercules : inside the Greek crisis
Political stability and consensus : Keys to sustainable  transition
Stumbling giant : the threats to China's future
Blue book of commercial sector : annual report on China's commercial sector (2009-2010)
Economic policy and climate change : tradable permits for reducing carbon emissions
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Microeconomics for public policy : helping the invisible hand
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Reform, stabilization policies, and economic adjustment in Poland
The full catastrophe : travels among the new Greek ruins
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
Economic growth and development in Singapore : past and future
2002 was a significant year for Chinas economic development in many ways.The economy continued to grow rapidly in 2002.Domestic investment - particularly public investment - surged ahead.Home buying and private car purchases became the pillars of private consumption.Exports surged despite a global economic slowdown. Expansionary fiscal policy continued to be the main policy instrument to stimulate growth in 2002.Despite this strong performance, Chinese economic growth was also deflation-prone, jobless and profitless due mainly to the distorted structure of the economy.State-owned enterprises still dominate many sectors and enjoy preferential treatment such as easy access to bank loans. Policymakers face substantial challenges in sustaining high growth in the medium term.The leadership change and the restructuring of the state asset management system could have a significant impact on the outlook for 2003 and beyond. Key words: China, macroeconomic development, policy challenges .
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Beyond capitalist planning
This paper examines Russian energy development and plans and their geopolitical implications around the turn of the new millennium. Argumentation is founded on the interpretation of the impacts of stakeholders' interests on geopolitics under new societal conditions and the legacy of past energy production and logistics. Empirical evidence consists of material from the projects of Russian companies and the plans and politics of the Russian Government for developing the energy sector.The redefined borders and the geographical shifts of energy production have brought about the orientation of Russia's energy development and interests towards the north. The former empire's parts bordering on Russia in the west, Belarus and first of all Ukraine, have become problematic due to transit payment conflicts. Consequently, Russian companies develop ports in North-West Russia as well as plan the construction of new oil and gas pipelines through the Baltic Sea Region. On the other hand, the northern location of the infrastructure plans is a geographical necessity, in the way that new oil and gas deposits lie in northern high-latitude zones. Energy stakeholders' market-oriented interests greatly influence the country's economic orientation to the advanced economies and the global economy. Thus, Russia's new energy geopolitics means economic integration and networking with partners (companies, nations and economic areas) that are able to co-operate successfully in the economic sector. In all, the energy projects and plans in Russia are derived from these restructured, pragmatic and market-led economic interests, which have led to the growing significance of gateways in North-West Russia.
Is India emerging as a global economic powerhouse equal to  China?
Politics and economic policy-making : selected readings
Restructuring the Soviet economy
The economic role of the state
Floating exchange rates and national economic policy
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Welfare economics and the theory of the state
Liberalization policies and welfare in a financially repressed economy
Fiscal policy and business cycles
Japan's new imperialism
This paper treats inflation in Estonia during a period of dramatic change.In the course of this period both the nature and features of inflation have changed considerably. Starting in the mid-1980s, the development of the Estonian economy can be divided into two periods. During the first period the command economy was transformed into a postsocialist economy.The latter period was marked by the abolition of centralization and direct control, which are typical of the command economy. The difference between these periods is most clearly seen on the microeconomic level and is connected with the importance of market signals in determining the behaviour of economic agents. During the first period, i.e. from 1985 to 1992, nonmarket forces determined this behaviour.The market, or at least the initial conditions for a market were functioning, but market signals were not for the most part taken into account.In reality the command economy was reformed without a qualitative change in the economic system. The second period, which began in 1992 in connection with the monetary reform, include the qualitative change from a command economy to a market economy.The reforms that have taken place during the second period are making market signals the main impetus for the economic agents' behaviour. The nature of inflation has been different in the two periods. In the period of the post-socialist economy, inflation was a phenomenon that accompanied the liberalization of a command economy. .
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
Benefit, cost and beyond : the political economy of benefit-cost analysis
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Thirty years since the opening-up in China : changes in growth mode, structure and system
Adaptive learning and monetary policy design
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Real exchange rate changes and exchange rate policy under economic transformation in Hungary and Central-Eastern Europe
Inflation in Estonia : The effect of transition
Readings in fiscal policy
Stabilisation and reform in the Hungarian economy of the late 1980s
The Foundation of Japanese power : continuities, changes, challenges
Novgorod and Pskov : examples of how economic policy can  influence economic development
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
The South Korean economy : towards a new explanation of an economic miracle
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
For the past three years or so, Japan has pursued an economic policy named after Prime Minister Abe as abenomics, with the intention of putting the country back on a path of sustainable economic growth via expansionary monetary and fiscal policy and structural reforms. These goals have not yet been achieved, but there has already been some progress. For the time being, economic growth has been sluggish, but the deflationary trend has been halted and structural reforms have moved forward. The preconditions for success of the programme are in place..
Economic system reform in China
Economic policy and full employment
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
How the economy works : confidence, crashes and self-fulfilling prophecies
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
Fiscal policy, government debt and economic performance
Innovation, imitation, growth, and capital market imperfections
The memory bank : money in an unequal world
Economic transformation in Hungary and Poland : reports prepared by a group of independent experts
Changing qualities of Chinese life
Co-evolution of agriculture and rural development in different regional institutional contexts : case studies from Finland and Italy
Swedish economic policy
India's reforms : how they produced inclusive growth
On the theory of economic policy
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Establishing connections between economic performance and policies, institutions and exogenous change is difficult under any circumstances.In the case of Russia, where relevant time series are short and structural and institutional change has occurred in the absence of a well-defined model of the economy, it becomes largely - if not entirely - a matter of art and taste.This paper considers the possible impacts of structural reform under President Putin on Russian economic performance.Judging the impact of Putin's reforms on recent Russian economic performance is confounded by the problem of overdetermination.That is, we can identify a number of contributing factors, but cannot say for sure if their absence would have a crucial effect on outcomes.On the other hand, there seem to be no grounds for denying the importance of reforms, even if their short-term impact might primarily be through expectations, a factor notoriously difficult to pinpoint. Further, it is a matter of some delight that, contrary to what is currently all too easily and often argued, Russia's structural reforms continue.Key words: Russia, economic policy, reforms, growth .
Making capitalism work
The inseparable union of taxation and representation : a conceptual approach on the idea of representation during the controversies on the excise scheme and the Stamp Act, 1732-1734 and 1765-1766
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
A chronology of Chinese economic policy post-Mao, 1976-1981
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
Structural reforms are playing an increasingly important role in the recovery of long-term outlook for growth. Globally, growth has been slow since the Great Recession. Reasons for this have been sought from both supply- and demand-side factors. At least some of the problems are structural and cannot be addressed with counter-cyclical stimulus policies.
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
Russia's transition to a market economy has been tortuous to say the least. However, this book argues that the arguments and counter-arguments that pitch shock therapy against gradualism are wide of the mark and quite pointless. Indeed, the reasons for the warped outcomes can actually be traced back through the long sweep of Russian history. Decisions made in the distant past can fully influence policy making in the present. Hedlund's thesis can this be seen as influenced by the "path dependency" theories of Paul David among others.
Black horse ride : the inside story of Lloyds and the banking crisis
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
Economic policy : principles and design
Macroeconomics : theories and policies
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Post-Soviet affairs
Political economy and capitalism : some essays in economic tradition
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Can south and Southern Africa become globally competitive economies?
Structural reforms can provide an answer to lean years in global economy
Outsourcing, public input provision and policy cooperation
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Key to economic progress
Five-year integrated socio-economic program for the Philippines
Agenda for Africa's economic renewal
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
The new way of the world : on neoliberal society
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Storytelling globalization from the Chaco and beyond
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
The manipulation of choice : ethics and libertarian paternalism
Superpower : three choices for America's role in the world
The China handbook : (regional handbooks of economic development : prospects onto the 21st century)
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
China's economic development in 2002
Nordicum : Scandinavian business magazine
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
European Union citizens and agriculture from 1995 to 2003.
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Interdependence of politics and economic development : financial stabilization in Russia
Amber waves
The principles of economic planning : a study prepared for the Fabian Society
The economics of public issues
The economics of regional trading arrangements
After a decade of moving from plan to market economies, variations in the rate of economic reforms and performance are evident for transition countries.For many, stabilisation of economic fundamentals has given way toward the issues of creating deeper institutional and structural reforms.The evidence of successful transitions indicates a positive link between liberalisation and economic performance.However, the evidence does not fully capture the domestic country-specific choice of political regime and the degree of social consensus.This paper, part of a two-paper series, argues that these are important explanatory variables for the rate of transition chosen by a country and for sustained reforms for fast-reformers.Political stability and consensus correlate with a faster reform effort.Political instability and lack of consensus, corresponding to conflict zones, correlates with delayed reform. Evidence from transition countries shows that the countries in the latter group, e.g. countries in the Caucasus, shift to a fast-track reform process once political stability and consensus replace internal conflict.In contrast, countries with political stability but lack of consensus remain relatively stagnant in their rates of economic reforms and economic growth. .
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
Economic policy in practice : the Netherlands 1950/1957
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
By all means necessary : how China's resource quest is changing the world
The downfall of money : Germany's hyperinflation and the destruction of the middle class
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Creating a learning society : a new approach to growth, development, and social progress
Assessing structural reform : lessons for the future
Industrial development in communist China
Seeking changes : the politicat development in contemporary China
Parliaments and economic affairs in Britain, France, Italy and the Netherlands : the results of a survey by the Committee of Cooperation for European Parliamentary Studies
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Economic policies and social goals : aspects of public choice
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
The theory of indicative planning : lectures given in the University of Manchester
Lexeconics : the interaction of law and economics
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Economic policy making and business culture : why is Russia so different?
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
Mexico : the strategy to achieve sustained economic growth
Reforming process and consolidation in the Soviet economy
Analysis of the 2003 CAP reform
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Economic policy options in conditions of weak growth and low inflation
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
Recovery hinges on export markets
Dollars and deficits : inflation, monetary policy and the balance of payments
Interpreting China's economy
The directive
Farmers' choice on multifunctionality targeted policy measures
Economic growth and change : national and regional patterns of convergence and divergence
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Russian path dependence
Dealing with China
Political control of the macroeconomy : the political economy of public policy making
Economic policy making and parliamentary accountability in Chile
Rules, reputation and macroeconomic policy coordination
Government Policy and the Demands for Economic Innovations: A Historical Example of a European Periphery
The premise of this volume is that business regulations are expected to grow in the near future as a consequence of the emergence of a (world) risk society. Risks related to terrorism, climate change, and financial crises, for example, will penetrate all conditions of life. Increasingly, the decisions and actions of some bring about risks for many in this era of globalization. Controlling these risks implies managing the world through high-quality regulation, with a particular emphasis on businesses and financial institutions. Central to this approach is the argument that a major, if not the primary, aim of regulation is to internalize externalities, or in a broader context, to repair market failure. Such repair can only be accomplished when the costs are smaller than the welfare gains. Featuring contributions from researchers and policy analysts from the fields of economics, management, law, sociology, political science, and environmental policy, this book focuses on three major topics: social risks and business regulation preconditions for better business regulation, theoretical issues related to better business regulation collectively, the authors demonstrate that the easier it is for regulated businesses to comply at the lowest costs possiblewithout jeopardizing the related public goalsthe greater the degree of compliance. When successful, the net result is a balance of individual and collective net benefits, and by further implication, sustainable business practice and economic growth.
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
East-central European economies in transition
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
This paper examines two regions of the Russian Federation, Novgorod and Pskov, to compare how differences in economic policy affect economic development.Despite common histories, geography and natural resources, Novgorod committed early on in reform to policies that would attract foreign investments in production. Pskov, on the other hand, drew back into protectionist policies until it was clear that efforts to increase domestic and foreign investment levels were needed.Using available statistics, we consider the reasoning that led these regions down such distinctly different economic policy paths. Keywords: Russia, regions, economic policy .
On money
European business
Principles of economic policy
The "large scale" Soviet economic experiment
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Politics, economics and welfare : planning and politico-economic systems resolved into basic social processes
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Meeting the global challenge : competitive position and strategic response
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Finnish economic papers
Managing risks in the European periphery debt crisis : lessons from the trade-off between economics, politics and the financial markets
The intelligent radical's guide to economic policy : the mixed economy
The road to the market in North Korea: projects, problems and prospects
Globalization and the island economies of the South Pacific
The political economy of Chinese development
Third five year plan
Effects of economic policy uncertainty on stock and bond market integration
Development planning : the essentials of economic policy
To implement any large-scale, radical transformation, it is important to set a clear strategic goal from the start and enunciate the basic means by which such a goal is to be met.In the case of reform of Russia's international economic relations, however, the notion of long-range strategy is seldom applied.The author contends that this remarkable absence of stated strategy results from a tendency of Russian leadership to focus on short-term manoeuvres with regard to international economic policy. .
India in transition : freeing the economy
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
North-West Russia as a gateway in Russian energy geopolitics
Understanding China's economy
Russia's international economic strategy : a general  assessment
The economic borders of the state
International cultural policies and power
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
On the political economy of social democracy : selected papers of J. C. Weldon
When to rob a bank : a rogue economist's guide to the world
Can the gains from Argentina's utilities reform offset credit shocks?
Venezuela then and now: How did the Chavezian era change the Latin-American country’s economy?
Economic policy making and parliamentary accountability in Hungary
Transformation of Czechoslovakia's economy: results, prospects, open issues
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Culture of terrorism
An inquiry into the principles of political oeconomy
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Global integration and growth in Honduras and Nicaragua
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Not so free to choose : the political economy of Milton Friedman and Ronald Reagan
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
The rise and fall of nations : ten rules of change in the post-crisis world
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Economic imperialism : a book of readings
Better business regulation in a risk society
Beyond the crisis : the governance of Europe's economic, political and legal transformation
Seeking changes : the economic development in contemporary China
The economic development of Japan and Korea : a parallel with lessons
Do single-party and coalition governments differ in economic outcomes? : evidence from finnish municipalities
India has frequently been referred to as the country with the largest economic growth potential in the world after China.Many commentators seem to think its role in the world economy is already comparable to that of China.However, a closer look at merchandise trade, market share developments, and foreign investment figures reveals that India is still far behind China as far as international influence is concerned.An interesting exception is services trade, where India already plays an important global role due to recent fast growth of offshore outsourcing.Despite of the vitality of this sector, its weight in the Indian as well as in the global economy is relatively small.In general, India's economy and economic policy are still relatively inward looking and it seems unlikely that India will become a major driver of the world economy in the current decade.However, depending on India's economic policy and reforms, the situation in the next decade may already be quite different. Key words: India, China, economic growth, economic policy, foreign trade .
The diplomacy of economic development
Giant among nations : problems in United States foreign economic policy
The sources of economic growth
Abenomics: three years - the big ship turns slowly
Economics of development
High global food prices : crisis or opportunity for smallholder farmers in Ethiopia, Malawi and Tanzania
China : Asia's next economic giant
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Political control of the economy
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Reflections on law and economic integration in East Africa
World hunger : 12 myths
Macroeconomic policy : the new Cambridge, Keynesian and monetarist controversies
Wall Street and FDR : the true story of how Franklin D. Roosevelt colluded with corporate America
The common agricultural policy : a partnership between Europe and farmers
Trade policies and integration : evaluations with CGE models
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
Russia's last capitalists : the Nepmen, 1921-1929
Taking Japan seriously : a confucian perspective on leading economic issues
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Concrete economics : the Hamilton approach to economic growth and policy
Coordinated public input provision as a tool for redistribution under international outsourcing
