http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9787 infrared technology
infrared technology
Fundamentals of Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy
Symposium on infrared spectroscopy in honour of professor Rauno Anttila : Oulu, Finland, Linnanmaa campus, August 28-29, 2000
The Infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 5, Passive electro-optical systems
Thermal infrared sensors : theory, optimisation and practice
Infrared technology : applications to electrooptics, photonic devices, and sensors
Modern Infrared spectroscopy
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 4, Electro-optical systems design, analysis and testing
Applied spectroscopy : a compact reference for practitioners ; Edited by Jerry Workman, Jr., Art W. Springsteen
In this thesis we shed light on the formation and evolution of disk galaxies, which often host a stellar bar (about 2/3 of cases). In particular, we address the bar-driven secular evolution, that is, the steady redistribution of stellar and gaseous material through the disk induced by the bar torques and resonances. We characterize the mass distribution of the disks in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G, Sheth et al. 2010) and study the properties of the different stellar structure components and the interplay between them. We use 3.6µm photometry for ~ 1300 face-on and moderately inclined disk galaxies to analyze the frequency, dimensions, orientations and shapes of stellar bars, spiral arms, rings, (ring)lenses, and barlenses (i.e. lens-like structures embedded in the bars). We calculate the strength of the bars in the S4G via ellipse fitting, Fourier decomposition of the galaxy images, and from the gravitational tangential-to-radial forces. We also estimate the stellar contribution to the circular velocity, allowing us to analyze the coupling between non-baryonic and stellar matter within the optical disk. We average stellar density profiles (1D), the disk(+bulge) component of the rotation curve, and stellar bars (2D) as a function of fundamental galaxy parameters. We complement the study with integral-field unit kinematic data from Seidel et al. (2015b) for a subsample of 16 S4G barred galaxies. We quantify the bar-induced perturbation strengths in the stellar and gaseous disk from the kinematics, and show that they agree with the estimates obtained from the images. We also use Hα Fabry-Perot observations from Erroz-Ferrer et al. (2015) for 29 S4G disk galaxies to study the inner slope of the rotation curves. We provide possible observational evidence for the growth of bars in a Hubble time. We demonstrate the role of bars causing the spreadingof the disk and the enhancement of the central stellar concentration. Our observations support the idea that Boxy/Peanut bulges in face-on perspective manifest as barlenses, that are often identfied in early-type galaxies hosting strong bars, and some of them also as inner lenses. We find that the amount of dark matter within the optical disk scales with the total stellar mass, as expected in the ΛCDM models. We also confirm that the observed inner velocity gradient is correlated with the central surface brightness, showing a strong connection between the inner shape of the potential well and the central stellar density. We show that disks and bars in early-type (T < 5 ≡ Sc) and late-type (T ≥ 5) disk galaxies, or alternatively in galaxies having total stellar masses greater or smaller than 1010M, are characterized by very distinct properties. Late-type disks are less centrally concentrated (many galaxies are bulge-less) and present a larger halo-to-stellar mass ratio, what probably affects the disk stability properties. The detection of bars in late-type galaxies is strongly dependent on the identification criteria. On average, bars in early-type spirals (T = 0 − 2) are longer (both in physical units and relative to the disk) and have larger density amplitudes than the intermediate-type spirals (T ≈ 5), and the bar lengths among the latest-types in the S4G are also larger. In comparison to earlier types, the bars in late-type systems show larger tangential-to-radial force ratios. This result holds even when the estimated dark halo effect is included.
Signatures of secular evolution in disk galaxies
Radiative transfer studies and next-generation NIR probe prototype
Studying the cortical state with transcranial magnetic stimulation
Infrared studies : method development and binding of ligands to pyruvate kinase
Solar Nanoantenna Electromagnetic Collectors for Energy Production
Non-destructive testing methods in veneer-based products manufacturing
Abstract.
Characterisation of wooden biofuels using near infrared spectroscopy : a pre-study
Infrared link for BTS LMT
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 3, Electro-optical components
Analytical techniques in materials conservation
Infrared heat usage in electronic component rework process
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 7, Countermeasure systems
Multipoint-NIR-measurements in pharmaceutical powder applications
Practical applications of infrared thermal sensing and imaging equipment
The development of on-line concentration measurements with Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy in a molasses treatment plant
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 1, Sources of radiation
Handbook of near-infrared analysis
Potential of infrared heating as a method for decontaminating food powder : process development and impact on product quality
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
Theory and practice of infrared technology for nondestructive testing
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy of the neonatal brain : instrumentation, methods and experiments
The influence of emissivity in thermographic surveys
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
Medical infrared imaging : principles and practices
Near infrared spectroscopy : proceedings of the 11th international conference
Infra-red inspections detect machinery 'hotspots'
Digital imaging and infrared measurements of soil adhesion and cleanability of semihard and hard surfaces
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 8, Emerging systems and technologies
Investigations on far infrared spectra of acetylenes
Exploration of the solar system by infrared remote sensing
Infrared spectroscopy in conservation science
Fourier transform infrared : a constantly evolving technology
The Aldrich library of FT-IR spectra
Pharmaceutical and medical applications of near-infrared spectroscopy
Infrared spectroscopy : fundamentals and applications
Scintific tools for conservtion series
Instrumental and calculation methods for Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy and accurate standard spectra
Infrared and thermal testing
Study of the morphological features in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G)
Conspicuous morphological features such as rings, ringlenses, lenses, barlenses, and spiral arms are observed in many nearby disk galaxies. These features are believed to form due to the so-called secular evolution after the galaxies were formed, which means that their disks evolve in a more passive fashion and in longer timescales, compared to their formation processes. This slow evolution of disks is due to the effect of non-axisymmetric potentials, among which, a bar potential is perhaps the most effective of all. Strong rotating bars redistribute angular momentum and material through the disks of galaxies very effciently, and produce resonances. At these resonances the material is trapped and starts forming stars, creating beautiful rings. However, rings are not the only structure observed in disk galaxies. There are also spiral arms that, might or might not be created by bars. Other type of structures are lenses, which in images appear as flat light distributions with sharp edges, and ringlenses, whose appearance is intermediate between those of rings and lenses. Also, there are barlenses, which are conspicuous lens-like structures embedded in bars, and have been suggested to be the more face-on counterparts of Boxy/Peanut/X-shaped bulges. The study of the physical properties of all these structures provides a tool to investigate the mechanisms that create them and hence, to determine which are the processes that drive the slow evolution of galaxies.In this thesis I study the morphological structures using mainly data from the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G), by means of their sizes, orientations, shapes and colors. The S4G contains images of ~ 2500 nearby galaxies of all Hubble types at 3.6 and 4.5 μm, allowing a dust free view of the old stellar population which is subject of the secular evolution.Among the results presented in this thesis and the respective companion papers are the following. A catalog that contains the sizes, ellipticities and position angles of the morphological features in the S4G was created. This catalog also includes the measurements of the pitch angles of spiral arms. There is a corroboration of previous results showing that different types of morphological features appear in galaxies with different Hubble stages and bar families, and a confirmation of the resonant nature of rings but also of a high fraction of lenses and ringlenses. There is also an observation indicating that low mass galaxies lack nuclear structures such as nuclear rings due to the lack of inner Lindblad resonances caused by their low central mass concentrations. Observational evidence is presented indicating that a fraction of inner lenses in unbarred galaxies might be former barlenses of which the "thin bar" has probably dissolved or it is too faint to be detected.The sizes of barlenses show a tight linear correlation with those of bars, being the size of the barlens typically half the size of the bar. The study of the optical colors of barlenses reveals their similarity with bars, giving observational evidence that their stellar populations are similar, and distinguishes them from disks and nuclear regions. The orientations of barlenses with respect to that of bars and disks reveal that barlenses are vertically thick structures. All these results support the idea that barlenses are the vertically thick inner parts of bars and hence relate them observationally to Boxy/Peanut/X-shaped bulges.These results and others are published in a series of original papers in which I have collaborated and that are appended at the end of this work.
"This book explores new ideas, concepts, and technologies such as dynamic thermal imaging, thermal texture mapping, and thermal multispectral imaging commonly used in the clinical environment. The coverage ranges from historical background, concepts, clinical applications, standards, and infrared technology. Of interest to the medical and biomedical engineering communities, the book can provide many opportunities for developing and conducting multidisciplinary research in many areas of medical infrared imaging"--Provided by publisher.
