http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9789 write-offs
write-offs
Wireless broadband single-carrier systems with MMSE turbo equalization receivers
238U- series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
Laparoscopic hysterectomy : outcome and implications in Finland
The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical implications of a combination of a peripheral opioid, paracetamol (APAP) and ketoprofen (KTP) on the intensity of acute postoperative pain by focusing on tonsillectomy (TE) and third molar extraction. A second focus in the study was to assess the utility of the surgical ultrasonically activated scalpel (HS) technique for TE.In Study I, TE was performed on one side using the HS and on the contralateral side using a "blunt dissection technique". The first TE study (I) demonstrated that - based on NRS pain scores during the first 10 postoperative hours - intra-operative blood loss and need for haemostasis were greater on the blunt dissection side than on the HS side. Pain scores were higher on the HS side than on the cold dissection side during the second postoperative week.Study III assessed the analgesic effect of a peripheral dose of 4 mg morphine. The peritonsillar infiltration of morphine locally did not significantly decrease pain compared to the control side.Studies (II and IV) included patients who were scheduled for third molar extraction. In Study II, patients received 1000 mg APAP or 100 mg KTP or both or a placebo to evaluate pain relief after third molar extraction. This study demonstrated that the mean sum of pain intensity differences scores up to the 1.5 h mark and the mean time to onset of pain relief at rest and on swallowing were favoured in the combination group more than in the APAP, KTP, and placebo groups.In Study IV, patients were assigned for a submucosal injection of 2 mg morphine or NaCl into either the non-inflamed (Trial I) or the inflamed (Trial II) peridental tissue, while the active control group received the same drugs in reverse order intramuscular (IM). Postoperative pain intensity at rest and on swallowing was assessed in all studies using the numerical rating scale (NRS). Painscores in the peripheral morphine group at rest (Trials I and II) and on swallowing (Trial I) were not associated with any further pain reduction. Pain scores on swallowing during the 2–6 hours postoperative period (Trial II) were greater in the IM morphine group.HS TE was associated with decreased pain in the early postoperative period, but there was increased pain and otalgia during the second postoperative week. Locally administered peripheral morphine was not associated with any benefit during the postoperative period after TE.The multimodal analgesia combination of a single dose of KTP and APAP demonstrated the same benefit during the early postoperative period without an increase in side effects. Locally administered peripheral morphine produced significant analgesia on swallowing during the early postoperative stage in inflamed tissue after third molar extraction.
Basics of engineering economy
Hysterectomy and levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system in the treatment of menorrhagia : a 10-year randomized comparative trial
Collagen network of the articular cartilage : ultrastructural stereologic analysis
Dry scrubbing technologies for flue gas desulfurization
Desulphurization of diesel fuel using ultrasound
It's all too much : an easy plan for living richer life with less stuff
Removal mechanism for defective candles : Havi candle factory
Managing business support services : strategies for outsourcing & facilities management
The weeding handbook : a shelf-by-shelf guide
Developing library and information center collections
Summary in Finnish.
Culling of dairy cows. Part 1, Effects of diseases on culling in Finnish Ayrshire cows
Abstract: Hysterectomy - mental and sexual status before and after operation. A prospective study of 98 patients.
Optimizing breeding decisions for Finnish dairy herds
Abstract.
Optimizing replacement of dairy cows: modeling the effects of diseases
Approaches to controlling, preventing and eliminating H5N1 Highly Pathogenic Avian influenza in endemic countries
Acute otitis media in young children : randomized controlled trials of antimicrobial treatment, prevention and quality of life
Uterine artery embolisation for leiomyomas : magnetic resonance imaging studies and a randomised prospective comparison with hysterectomy
Hysterectomy in Finland : occurrence, indications, and association with cardiovascular morbidity
Financial accounting
CoMoS hydrodesulphurisation catalyts : a DRIFT study of stepwise preparation of CoMo/Al[sub]2O[sub]3 from carbonyl precursors and their testing in HDS
Removal of toxic chromium from wastewater
Flue gas desulfurization with ammonium hydroxide : a case study
Desulphurization by limestone injection at high temperature
Ageless beauty : an insider's guide to advanced alternatives to plastic surgery
Culling of dairy cows. Osa 2, Effects of diseases and reproductive performance on culling in Finnish Ayrshire cows
Professional beauty therapy : the official guide to level 3
Crash course in collection development
Aerosols : science and technology
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
Collection development for libraries
Removing paint from old buildings
Pain after hysterectomy : some anaesthesiological and surgical aspects
Critical notes on Plato's Politeia
NFPA 204 : standard for smoke and heat venting
Mental disorders in thyroidectomized patients : a psychosomatic study of 53 cases
Organic matter and polyhydroxyalkanoates in biological phosphate removal from municipal wastewater
Microwave dephosphorisation of high phosphorus iron ores of the Aswan region, Egypt : developing a novel process for high phosphorus iron ore utilization
FAO/WHO guide for developing and improving national food recall systems
Interference cancellation in DS-CDMA
Clothing care & repair
High-vacuum dewatering on a paper machine wire section - a literature review
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Removal of cyanobacterial toxins by strains of probiotic bacteria
Mathematical modeling of limestone dissolution in batch stirred tank reactors in presence of a diluted strong acid
Homeopathy for midwives
Censoring in survival analysis : a simulation study of the effect of milk yield on conception
Advanced analytical methods for platinum group elements:applications in the research of catalyst materials, recycling and environmental issues
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Throw out fifty things : clear the clutter, find your life
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Savunhallintajärjestelmät = Smoke and heat control systems
Hormone therapy and the risk of dementia, cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease
Culling of dairy cows. Part 3, Effects of diseases, pregnancy status and milk yield on culling Finnish Ayrshire cows
Hysteroscopic treatment of menorrhagia
The effect of flow equalization and low-rate prefermentation on the activated sludge process and biological nutrient removal
Third molars in young adults : "To remove or not to remove?"
Equilibrium analysis of aluminum-fluoride complexes in wet limestone desulfurization processes
An analysis of an audiovisual translation with an emphasis on the methods of condensing
Pitch control, wood resin and deresination
Weeding library collections
The information content of alternative income concepts in predicting corporate failure
Weeding library collections-2
Arsenic removal from groundwater and surface water : field tests in the Pirkanmaa region, Finland
Sewage sludge electro-dewatering
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control:purification of peat extraction runoff water
Endometrial thermal ablation:a choice for treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding
The structural design of air and gas ducts for power stations and industrial boiler applications
UVC irradiation based water treatment : a study of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Stain removel
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
The joy of less : a minimalist living guide : how to declutter, organize, and simplify your life
On image decompositions, segmentation and denoising using variational methods
Clutter busting : letting go of what's holding you back
Mercury and arsenic wastes : removal, recovery, treatment and disposal
Laparoscopic hysterectomy : outcome and complications in Finland
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
Optimizing replacement decisions for Finnish dairy herds
Characterisation and removal of gas in papermaking
Referat.
Introduction to cosmetic formulation and technology
A study on spray dry and coolside desulfurization
Weeding library collections : library weeding methods
The Taiwan crisis : a showcase of the global arsenic problem
Reactive dissolution of sedimentary rocks in flue gas desulfurization : modeling and experimental investigation
Method of removing/preventing gypsum precipitation in industrial pipes
Phosphorus and nitrogen removal in light-weight aggregate (LWA) constructed wetlands and intermittent filter systems
Pain management options after tonsillectomy and third molar extraction
Getting rid of graffity : a practical guide to graffity removal and anti-graffity protection
Museums and the disposals debate
Deoxygenation of fatty acids for production of fuels and chemicals
Cognitive performance and its associations with physical fitness and demographic and socio-economic variables in healthy aging
Desulphurization in peat-fired circulating and bubbling fluidized bed boilers
Testing a pilot wastewater treatment plant in laboratory scale
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
