http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9783 local history (fields of study)
local history (fields of study)
Falmouth in old photographs : from the archives of the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society
The lighthouse tour : Discover Hiiumaa by car
Berlin: The eagle and the bear
London : a short history
The Oxford companion to local and family history
City of neighborhoods : memory, folklore, and ethnic place in Boston
Writing Local History Today guides local historians through the process of researching, writing, and publishing their work. Mason & Calder present step-by-step advice to guide aspiring authors to a successful publication and focus not only on how to write well but also how to market and sell their work. Highlights include: *Discussion of how to identify an audience for your writing project *Tips for effective research and planning *Sample documents, such as contracts and requests for proposals *Discussion of how to use social media to leverage your publication *Discussion of the benefits and drawbacks to self-publishing *An essay by Gregory Britton, the editorial director of John Hopkins University Press, about financial pitfalls in publishing This guide is useful for first-time authors who need help with this sometimes daunting process, or for previously published historians who need a quick reference or timely tip.
Urban history in Scandinavia: a survet of recent trends
Countering counter-urbanisation : trends in twentieth century Scottish towns and cities
Speaking African Nantucketers' names once more
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Üliõpilaslinn Tartu = Tartu - town of students = Tartu - Stadt der Studenten
A history of development of Tibet
Desire to collect, desire to know : the rural local history museums - the community changes, the collections remain
Turku with a twist!
Resort city in the sunbelt : Las Vegas, 1930-2000
Offers insights on the the nature of the French absolute monarchy, and the political legacy of the Sun King. This book examines these aspects of the age of the Sun King through the experience of Franche-Comte, a possession of the Spanish empire with a long history of autonomy, conquered by Louis XIV in 1674.
London : the biography of a city
A history of Grimsby
Water, sanitation and health : the development of the environmental services in four South African cities, 1840-1920
Village within a city : the Hessle Road fishing community of Hull
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
The history of Lapland
The Oxford dictionary of local and family history
Regional and transnational history of Europe : a Cliohworld reader
Building a new town : Finland's new garden city, Tapiola
The Åland Islands
Writing local history today : a guide to researching, publishing, and marketing your book
The book of London place names
The last generation of English Catholic clergy : parish priests in the diocese of Coventry and Lichfield in the early sixteenth century
Rethinking the past, confronting the future : the city at the turn of the millennium
Sociologiâ. Psihologiâ. Kraevedenie. Obrazovanie : materialy Šestoj Ežegodnoj Meždunarodnoj Meždisciplinarnoj konferencii po iudaike = Sociology. Psychology. Local Lore. Education : proceedings of the Sixth Annual International Interdisciplinary Conference on Jewish Studies
Helsinki, daughter of the Baltic : a short biography
Expansion and crisis in Louis XIV's France : Franche-Comté and absolute monarchy, 1674-1715
The East End : four centuries of London life
From memory to history : using oral sources in local historical research
National Trust recipes
The return to the city : twentieth century urban development in Sweden
The great Grimsby story. Book 4, Fishing : our heritage
Niguliste kirik : Tallinn = The church of St. Nicholas
Cherished moments : engaging with the past in a Swedish parish
Border liberties and loyalties : North-East England, c.1200 - c.1400
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
En bok om Bergen i mellomkrigstiden = Bergen between the wars
Agola : a history of the church and monastery
The end of hidden Ireland : rebellion, famine, and emigration
England : travels through an unwrecked landscape
"Looks at sites and events in Pennsylvania to explore the emergence of heritage culture about industry and its loss in America. Traces the shaping of public memory of coal, steel, railroading, lumber, oil, and agriculture, and the story it tells about both local and national identity"--Provided by publisher.
The story of Riga : history of Riga old town
London : the concise biography
Padise muistised = The heritage of Padise
Northumbria, 500-1100 : creation and destruction of a kingdom
Resurrecting Cannibals : the Catholic Church, Witch-hunts, and the production of pagans in Western Uganda
The wooden heritage of Riga
Atlantic City : 125 years of ocean madness : starring Miss America, Mr. Peanut, Lucy the Elephant, the High Diving Horse, and four generations of Americans cutting loose
The tale of Chicago
Linnaametnik joonistab : sulejoonistused Tallinna rae keskaegsetes arveraamatutes = a drawing clerk : pen drawings in medieval accounting books in Tallinn
Local community, nation and political conflicts in Finland 1917-1939 : a case-study of collective identity and local political knowledge
Provinces of early Mexico : variants of Spanish American regional evolution
Local history in England
The indians in Wisconsin's history
Seeing history : public history in Britain now
Lietuvos kaimo muziejus = the Lithuanian open air museum
A number of humorous stories relating to the Depression. Written by a second-generation Finn, covering stories of the Finnish people, also taking in the different language dialects on the Iron Range.
Old world colony : Cork and south Munster 1630-1830
Pennsylvania in public memory : reclaiming the industrial past
A history of Sindh
Greater London : the story of the suburbs
Kaṭakarājavaṃśāvaliḥ = Kaṭakarājavaṃśāvali : a traditional history of Orissa with special reference to Jagannatha Temple. Vol. 1, Text and translation
The stone of Dante and later Florentine celebrations of the poet
The streets of London through centuries
How we remember : stories and recollections of Finland, Minnesota's first century 1895-1995
Espoo : a stop on the King's road
Roman and medieval Bath : historical map and guide
Alternative narratives in modern Japanese history
The City of Rovaniemi: capital of finnish Lapland
Photographs and photography in Irish local history
Dealga's legacy, Dundalk's heritage
A history of Bath : image and reality
Prague in black and gold : the history of a city
London through ages : the story of a city and its citizens 54 B.C. - A.D. 1944
The purpose of this book is to give you a few laughs. Laughs, about a time that most people have described as pure misery, despair, tears, and mortgage foreclosures. The depression era of the "thirties" on the Iron Range was serious period of struggle, however, life went on joyfully. Through the strength of its people they adapted to less materialistic ways, neighbors helping neighbors, barter replacing cash, and needless pride changes with a practical reasoning.
Insider' guide to Williamsburg and Virginia's historic triangle
Oklahoma : a students' guide to localized history
Dublin's famous people and where they lived
Le fonds Lapponica des Fellman : catalogue raisonné = Fellmanin suvun Lapponica-kokoelma = The Lapponica Collection of the Fellman Family
The use of eyewitness testimony in constructing local history : what really happened during the 1918 Finnish Civil War in Sammatti?
'No historie so meete' : gentry culture and the development of local history in Elizabethan and early Stuart England
Reception and construction of the Norse past in Orkney
Kindlustuslinn Tallinn : = The fortifications of Tallinn
Oberammergau in the Nazi era : the fate of a Catholic village in Hitler's Germany
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 13 (1967) s. 221].
"Happy depression" on the Iron Range
Pazardzhik : nine millennia of civilization
The regions of Spain : a reference guide to history and culture
Guide to Tallinn : the picturesque capital of Estonia
Writing local history
Multicultural social studies : using local history in the classroom
Any man's death
English Channel
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
The story of New Lanark
History of old Tallinn
Sources for English local history
Better known as Beaver Lake : the history of Lorne Township and the surrounding area
"The King arrives at Lovisa" : re-enacting the 18th century  - inside experiences
The way it was : of people, places, and things in pioneer interior Alaska
Ideas and images : developing interpretive history exhibits
Carnival in Romans : a people's uprising at Romans, 1579-1580
The pursuit of local history : readings on theory and practice
International genealogy and local history : papers presented by the Genealogy and Local History Section at IFLA General Conferences 2001-2005
The digital age and local studies
Days of revolution : political unrest in an Iranian village
Oxford companion to family and local history
Setomaa : unique and genuine
The lonesome plains : death and revival on an American frontier
Local history in Finland
Select bibliography
