http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9780 Strigiformes
Strigiformes
Reproductive tactics of the Ural owl Strix uralensis depending on cyclic vole populations
Owls : the ambassadors for the protection of nature in their changing landscapes. Proceedings of the 4th World Owl Conference, 31 October - 4 November 2007, Groningen, The Netherlands
Reproductive effort, body size and their fitness consequences in Tengmalm's owl (Aegolius funerus) under cyclic food conditions
Anthill mistress with a bird's eye view
Owls of Europe
Are vole-eating owls affected by mild winters in southern Finland?
Predators : the whole tooth-and-claw story
Birds of pray
Strategy of Pygmy Owl while hunting avian and mammalian prey
Owls of the world : their evolution, structure and ecology
Spatial ecology of breeding birds in forest landscapes : an indicator species approach
Robin's winter song
When Jack climbs over a wall to get his football back from the derelict building down his street, he doesn't expect to find a nest full of baby owls! Worried that the building is going to be knoked down by builders, Jack and his parents call the RSPCA. A rescue ensues, followed by an attempted hand feeding. But the birds are too young to be fed. Instead, the RSPCA must move the baby owls to another nest if they are to have a chance of survival. Jack must help the RSPCA to find the perfect nest in his neighbourhood. –  WorldCat.
Manual of raptors, pigeons and waterfowl
Brood sex ratio and sex differences in Tengmalms̀ owl (Aegolius funereus) : Tim Hipkiss
Fluctuating food resources differently affect hematocrit values of male and female Eurasian pygmy owl (Glaucidium passerinum)
Twit : the owl who wasn't wise
The Barn Owl
Foraging sites of Marsh Tits (Parus palustris) in presence and absence of hawks in mixed-species flocks in Korea
Seasonal dynamics in social behaviour and spacing patterns of the Little Owl Athene noctua
Functional response of the long-eared owl (Asio otus) to changing prey numbers : a 20-year study
Monitoring for and with raptors of Europe : special issue
Iconografia degli uccelli d'Italia = Iconography of Italian birds. Vol. 3, Gruiformes, Charadriiformes, Pterocliformes, Columbiformes, Cuculiformes, Strigiformes, Caprimulgiformes, Apodiformes, Coraciiformes, Piciformes
The contribution of Federal and non-Federal habitat to persistence of the northern spotted owl on the Olympic Peninsula, Washington : report of the reanalysis team
Diet of Finnish Snowy Owls Nyctea scandiaca
Linking raptors and biodiversity : ecological rationale and conservation relevance
Twit is a raggedy little owl whose brothers love to play tricks on him. It gets him into all sorts of trouble! But that all changes when Twit meets Norma, a clever little vole. All of a sudden, Twit's brothers had better watch out - Norma and Twit might just have a trick of their own to play... / WorldCat.
Little owl needs a home
Parental testosterone and estradiol concentrations in the early nestling period correlate with the age-dependent breeding performance in Tawny Owls Strix aluco
Food of the Pygmy Owl Glaucidium passerinum in the breeding season
Habitat selection and patterns of distribution in a hierarchic forest owl guild
Inter-generational trade-offs in periodic environments : a reaction norm perspective
The happy owls
Breeding density and success, and diet composition of Little Owls Athene noctua in steppe-like habitats in Portugal
Climate forcing on avian life history
Boreal owl : ecology, behaviourrand conservation of a forest-dwelling predator
Seasonal variation in the abundance and habitant use of Barn Owls Tyto alba in lowland farmland
Occupancy and abundance of Little Owl Athene noctua in an intensively managed forest area in Biscay
Finnish birds. 1, Hawk Owl - Hiiripöllö
Life history strategies of birds of prey in a variable environment
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 3, Audition
The owl who liked sitting on Caesar
Factors affecting the prevalence of blood parasites of little owls Athene noctua in southern Portugal
A natural history of owls
Short- and long-term consequences of food resources on Ural owl, Strix uralensis, reproduction
Prey choice, habitat quality and predator facilitation among vole-eating birds of prey
Subcutaneous fat accumulation in Norwegian owls and raptors
Owls of the world
Metal levels of feathers in birds of various food chains in southern Finland
Parental care and offspring desertion in Tengmalm's owl Aegolius funereus and sparrowhawk Accipiter nisus
Owls of the world : a photographic guide
