http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9782 diplomats
diplomats
Read my pins : stories from a diplomat's jewel box
Alexandra Mikhailovna Kollontai : the Scandinavian period, 1922-1945
The Washington stratagem
Old men forget : the autobiography
The janissary tree
Memoirs of a Russian diplomat : outposts of the Empire, 1893-1917
Raoul Wallenberg : report of the Swedish-Russian working group
Married to a perfect stranger
Revelations of a Russian diplomat : the memoirs of Dmitrii I. Abrikossow
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1998, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Soviet diplomatic corps 1917-1967
"Proven Patriots" : the French Diplomatic Corps, 1789-1799
The Venus throw
Reform and revolution : the life and times of Raymond Robins
The founding father : the story of Joseph P. Kennedy
George Ball : behind the scenes in U.S. foreign policy
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1995, October
Diplomats and diplomacy in the Roman world
Diaries and letters 1939-1945
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1996, April
The Helsinki diplomatic list : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Hammarskjöld : a pictorial biography
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2002 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1994, October
Diplomatic baggage : the adventures of a trailing spouse
The world directory of diplomatic representation
The Spanish ambassador's suitcase : stories from the diplomatic bag
Inside the cold war : Loy Henderson and the rise of the American empire 1918-1961
Rendezvous with destiny : how Franklin D. Roosevelt and five extraordinary men took America into the War and into the world
Interpreters as diplomats : a diplomatic history of the role of interpreters in world politics
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : my untold story of the struggle for Tibet
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation : reference-book
Fitzroy Maclean
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list
Inside the Kremlin during the Yom Kippur War
Wabariigi poisipõlv = nuori Viro suomalaisen silmin = The Republic's childhood
George Bancroft, the intellectual as Democrat
The annotated diaries of the late influential American diplomat and foreign policy strategist spans ninety years of U.S. history while sharing his insights into Depression-era capitalism, the Cold War, and his literary achievements.
Raoul Wallenberg in Budapest : myth, history and Holocaust
The Helsinki diplomatic list. May 2003 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Ever the diplomat : confessions of a Foreign Office mandarin
Diary of a Chinese diplomat
Napoleon's master : a life of Prince Talleyrand
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
The road to zero : Somalia's self-destruction : personal reminiscences
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2000, May: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Kofi Annan : a man of piece in a world of war
Finnish diplomatic and consular representation abroad and foreign diplomatic and consular representation in Finland : January 1951.
In the garden of beasts : love and terror in Hitler's Berlin
Diplomacy and murder in Tehran : Alexander Griboyedov and imperial Russia's mission to the Shah of Persia
An unexpected guest : a novel
Tales from Mao's China and Indira's India
Memoirs 1925-1950
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2003 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Toleration and diplomacy; the religious issue in Anglo-Spanish relations, 1603-1605
Raoul Wallenberg : the Swedish diplomat who saved 100000 Jews from the Nazi holocaust
Cockroaches
Memoirs of a British agent : being an account of the author's early life in many lands and of his official mission to Moscow in 1918
Britain & Japan biographical portraits
Stalin's children : three generations of love and war
Another time, another life : the story of a crime
Managing work related factors of re-entry : a comparative study between expatriates and diplomats
Romania's foreign policy, 1937
Andre Du Ryer and oriental studies in seventeenth-century France
Estonian Embassy in Finland
Zimbabwe : years of hope and despair
The Tallinn Diplomatic and Consular List : March 1998.
Diplomatic baggage : the adventure of a trailing spouse
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1998, April: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Black wind
"Offering a fresh approach to the study of the figure of the diplomat in the early modern period, this collection of diverse readings of archival texts, objects and contexts contributes a new analysis of the spaces, activities and practices of the Renaissance embassy"--
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2002, May: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Philippe de Commynes : memory, betrayal, text
Informal ambassadors : American women, transatlantic marriages, and Anglo-American relations, 1865-1945
Diplomats of the Union
Chateau and country life in France
UN covert negotiator Yael Azoulay went rogue in Geneva and nearly lost her life. Her physical wounds are healed, but she will never be able to forget what happened. Now back in New York, Yael uncovers a chilling conspiracy whose end game is a devastating new war in the Middle East. But as Yael draws closer to the truth, she is forced to confront the ghosts of her past. As the few certainties of her life begin to crumble around her, a terrifying truth is laid bare: Yael has enormously powerful enemies who neither forgive, nor forget.
Eight years in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (January 1950-October 1958) : memoirs of a diplomat
The Helsinki diplomatic list. May 2006 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Rage for fame : the ascent of Clare Boothe Luce
Undiplomatic memories
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1996, October
Ambassador's journal : a personal account of the Kennedy years
My life between Japan and America
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2005 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Fall of giants
The ruling few : or the human background to diplomacy
Diaries and letters 1930-1939
American diplomats in Russia : case studies in Orphan Diplomacy, 1916-1919
Journey to islam : diary of a German diplomat (1951-2000)
Diplomat in peace and war
Mellon : an American life
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1997, April
The Riga diplomatic and consular list
My mission to Russia : and other diplomatic memories
George Kennan : a study of character
Artistic ambassadors : literary and international representation of the New Negro era
Memoirs of Europe
From Purdah to Parliament
Diplomacy at the highest level : the evolution of international summitry
Inside Stalin's Russia : the diaries of Reader Bullard, 1930-1934
A dictionary of diplomacy
The Kennan diaries
American ambassador : Joseph C. Grew and the development of the United States diplomatic tradition
The Tallinn Diplomatic and Consular List : September 1997.
Studies in Atatürk's Turkey : the American dimension
A diplomat in Japan : an inner history of the critical years in the evolution of Japan
The Abbé Correa in America, 1812-1820 : the contributios of the diplomat and natural philosopher to the foundations of our national life : Correspondence with Jefferson and Other members of the American Philosophical Society and with other prominent Americans
Autobiography of Andrew Dickson White. 1-2
Democracy by diplomacy : afro-saxon caribbean diplomats challenge the USA to improve its world leadership and expand regional freedoms
W. F. B. -- an appreciation
Undiplomatic memories : the Far East 1896-1904
News from Berlin
The rain-soaked bride
Journey on the forbidden path : chronicles of a diplomatic mission to the Allegheny country, March-September, 1760
Retreat from glory
Cora Du Bois : anthropologist, diplomat, agent
Finland and the great powers : memoirs of a diplomat
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2000, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Diplomacy and early modern culture
British views on Norwegian-Swedish problems 1880-1895 : selections from diplomatic correspondence
De foro legatorum tam in causa civili quam criminali : liber singularis = A monograph on the jurisdiction over ambassadors in both civil and criminal cases
The last American aristocrat : the biography of David K. E. Bruce, 1898-1977
Both sides of the curtain : an autobiography
The diplomacy of the  Winter war  : an account of the Russo-Finnish war, 1939-1940
The European Union Diplomatic Service : ideas, preferences and identities
Representing America : experiences of U.S. diplomats at the UN
Ally : my journey across the American-Israeli divide
A Persian at the court of King George 1809-10 : the journal of Mirza Abul Hassan Khan
George F. Kennan : an American life
Wellington Koo : China
British agent
Conor : a biography of Conor Cruise O'Brien
The hero of Budapest : the triumph and tragedy of Raoul Wallenberg
The tightrope
Celebrity diplomacy
The first Carlisle : Sir James Hay, first Earl of Carlisle, as courtier, diplomat, and entrepreneur, 1580-1636
Women of the world : the rise of the female diplomat
Visas of life and the epic journey : how the Sugihara survivors reached Japan
Brooching it diplomatically
Discussing Hitler : advisers of U.S. diplomacy in Central Europe, 1934-1941
Windmills of the gods
Luxury and power : the material world of the Stuart diplomat, 1660-1714
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1999, April: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1997, October: including directory of international organizations, hononary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list.  1999, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Diplomats 1919-1939
The house of dust and dreams
On the edge of diplomacy : rambles and reflections 1902-1928
Diplomatic privileges and immunities in Finland : December 2014.
What are competent diplomats made of? : exploring competency management in Finnish Foreign Service
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Diplomatic ceremonial and protocol : principles, procedures & practices
In the garden of beasts
His own man
Inside the enigma : British officials in Russia, 1900-1939
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1995, April
