http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9791 theft
theft
By its cover
Lupo and the thief at the tower of London
The promise of happiness
Fifteen years after the last devastating Insect attack, the immortal Circle is finally ready to launch an offensive against their implacable enemies. This time they have a new weapon - gunpowder. Hopes are high. But the Circle's plans are threatened when the vital barrels of gunpowder go missing. Jant, the Circle's winged messenger, is tasked to investigate. Soon it becomes clear that the theft is part of a deadly conspiracy and Jant and his friends are among the targets. As tensions rise, Jant races to foil the conspirators. Can he expose them in time - or will the crisis blow the Fourlands apart?
Star Wars : Lando
The grand complication
Only daughter
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
You know him...you love him...now, join him for his biggest caper as master of charm Lando Calrissian gets his very own book! Before he joined the rebellion, before he ran Cloud City, Lando made his way in the galaxy getting by on some swindles, some swagger, and a smile. Lobot at his side, Lando has a plan to steal a very valuable ship...but has he bitten off more than he can chew?
Death before wicket
The Samaritan's secret : an Omar Yussef novel
Varkaus and its people : a hundred years
Sniffer and naughty Nancy
The coral thief
Heist : the true story of the world's  biggest cash robbery
Motor mouth
8 Sandpiper Way
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
The case of the deadly butter chicken : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Sidney Chambers and the shadow of death
The boys who saved the world
Forty days without shadow
Woof : a Bowser and Birdie novel
The art of deception
Mr Peabody's apples
The spaghetti yeti
The victim
A medal for murder : a Kate Shackleton mystery
Death by water
Operation identification : a way to prevent burglaries
Nancy Drew : identity theft
Antiquites : trade or betrayed, legal, ethical and conservation issues
The prophecy
The sword of Albion
Captive star
Auto thefts in Finland : an occupational choice model
The last watch
Department store shoplifters
Death on the holy mountain
Top top secret
Twocking
The end of the world. Maybe
The sacred vault
The new deal
The secret rescuers : the sky unicorn
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 9, part 1, Violence and theft
The blue guitar
Crime in road freight transport
Stealing your life : the ultimate identity theft prevention plan
Mr Bear's birthday
Lost treasures of the world
Fresh fish
The final cut
This is not my hat
The wheel of darkness
A manual of basic museum security
Identity theft is the fastest-growing crime in the UK. You don't just lose your possessions, you lose yourself. When Georgie Hamilton, a respectable mother of two, is a victim of stolen identity, her entire world is shattered. But twenty-two years earlier, Georgie stole someone else's life ... has the past returned to haunt her?
Preventing privacy : a business guide to software protection
The Silver Boy
A very top secret mission
The Medici conspiracy : the illicit journey of looted antiquities, from Italy's tomb raiders to the world's greatest museums
The burning gates : a Makana investigation
Vanishing games
Rhino? What rhino?
Theft in Athenian law
Lee Raven, boy thief
Elijah of Buxton
Environmental image of the industrial town : image aspirations of town authorities and industrial companies in Varkaus during the 20th century
The man who walked like a bear : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
The super scooter
Claude going for gold!
The black madonna
Among thieves
Something hidden
The bling ring : how a gang of fame-obsessed teens ripped off Hollywood and shocked the world
When Claude and Sir Bobblysock discover a Very Exciting Sports Competition at their local sports centre, they are very excited. They are even more excited when they are asked to take part. But Claude's doggy paddle isn't fast enough, and he's not quite as good at gymnastics as he thought he might be. Then some robbers steal the Gold Cup and Claude chases them - can he run fast enough to catch them? / WorldCat.
An economic model of auto thefts in Finland
The masked city
The mystery of the missing necklace
Comparative Study of CRM Between Sampo Bank Varkaus and Bank of China Lujiang Branch
How to ruin a queen : Marie Antoinette, the stolen diamonds and the scandal that shook the French throne
Life after theft
The mystery of Tally-Ho cottage
Bob and Rob
Spooks and scooters
Sidney chambers and the shadow of death
When Aladdin's parents discover food is being stolen from their restaurant, Aladdin and his friends decide to investigate. Soon, Aladdin notices a strange boy - dressed in shorts, despite the freezing cold. But as hard as Aladdin tries to catch the boy, he always disappears - leaving no tracks in the fresh snow..
Fun and games at Malory Towers
Chicimire ankha = The eyes of a dragonfly : (four eyes can see four times more!)
The mystery of Banshee Towers
The book thief
The lost island
Shoplifting : controlling a major crime
The magic looking glass
Doctor Proctor's fart powder
The theft act 1968
The Cézanne Chase
The Sherwood hero
Case of the Missing Moonstone
The last templar
Annuaire international des oeuvres et objets d'art volés = international yearbook of stolen works of art : 1992-1993 / Martin Monestier ; préface de Alain Poher
The law of theft
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Varkaus Aerodrome : NDB RWY 14 : ILS RWY 14
Fraction
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
The delegates' choice
There's been a robbery in Tale Town! Someone has stolen a cutting from the magical Story Tree, and it's up to twins Hansel and Gretel to get it back. With the help of their new friend Wolfie, a not very big or very bad wolf, they discover a secret fortress in the forest, containing a Magic Looking Glass that promises to help them. But things are not always what they seem, especially when the Magic Looking Glass starts causing trouble! Can Wolfie and the twins find the Story Tree cutting and save the day, or will the Magic Looking Glass have the last laugh? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!
The ice factor
The early years at Malory Towers
"A thief strikes at the grand ball, but can Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam catch the culprit before he scarpers?"--Publisher.
The great pearl heist : London's greatest thief and Scotland Yard's hunt for the world's most valuable necklace
Cut and run
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Foreign, Gods, Inc
The moonstone
Redesigning and restructuring of production line layout in Enics Finland Oy/Varkaus CSC
Painted ladies
Everyone hates Fiona Methodist. Her war veteran father shot a young couple in broad daylight before killing himself. The engaged pair had witnessed a robbery and were due to give evidence but, with all three now dead, no one knows the true motive. For Fiona, it's destroyed her life. It's not just those who whisper behind her back or the friends who pretend she doesn't exist; it's the landlords who spot her name and say no, the job agencies who can't find her work. But Fiona knows her dad didn't do it. He couldn't have - he's her father and he wouldn't do that ...would he? Private investigator Andrew Hunter takes pity on the girl and, even with stolen bengal cats to find, plus an ex-wife who's not quite so 'ex', he can't escape the creeping feeling that Fiona might be right after all.
Studies on theft : English summary of a dissertation about the act of theft in regard to population, time and geographical space
Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam : the diamond chase
The identity man
The sultan's tigers
Babar's mystery
The Geneva deception
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
Lupo and the secret of Windsor Castle
The music lesson
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Theft, law and society
Establishing a tea shop successfully in Varkaus
Captain Flinn and the pirate dinosaurs : missing treasure!
A purple place for dying : a Travis McGee novel
The mask of Troy
