http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9796 right to vote
right to vote
The right to vote : politics and the passage of the fifteenth amendment
The author cogently presents the philosophical stances and radical activities of the traitors about whom she writes. Her habit of giving birth and death dates of the figures as she introduces them helps to clarify the relationships of the major issues under discussion to the ideas and actions of the campaigners. The book's organization allows for a fairly comprehensive discussion of the disparate proposals which marked the early years of the movement; its structure illustrates the coming together of those ideas into a focussed drive for women's emancipation. The full documentation and bibliographic essay provide valuable resource information for scholars who wish to further investigate this subject.
The selected papers of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. Vol. 3, National protection for national citizens, 1873 to 1880
"Momentous changes in the relation between women and the state have advanced women's status around the globe. Women were barred from public affairs a century ago, yet almost every state now recognizes equal voting rights and exhibits a national policy bureau for the advancement of women. Sex quotas for national legislatures are increasingly common. Ann Towns explains these changes by providing a novel account of how norms work in international society. She argues that norms don't just provide standards for states, they rank them, providing comparative judgments which place states in hierarchical social orders. This focus on the link between norms and ranking hierarchies helps better account for how a new policy, such as equality for women in public life, is spread around the world. Women and States thus offers a new account of the relationship between women and the state, and of the influence of norms in international politics"--Provided by publisher.
The women's suffrage movement : a reference guide, 1866-1928
When the Fifteenth Amendment of 1870 granted African Americans the right to vote, it seemed as if a new era of political equality was at hand. Before long, however, white segregationists across the South counterattacked, driving their black countrymen from the polls through a combination of sheer terror and insidious devices such as complex literacy tests and expensive poll taxes. Most African Americans would remain voiceless for nearly a century more, citizens in name only until the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act secured their access to the ballot. In this book, the author, a historian, describes how black voters overcame centuries of bigotry to secure and preserve one of their most important rights as American citizens. The struggle that culminated in the passage of the Voting Rights Act was long and torturous, and only succeeded because of the courageous work of local freedom fighters and national civil rights leaders, as well as, ironically, the opposition of Southern segregationists and law enforcement officials, who won public sympathy for the voting rights movement by brutally attacking peaceful demonstrators. But while the Voting Rights Act represented an unqualified victory over such forces of hate, the author explains that its achievements remain in jeopardy. Many argue that the 2008 election of President Barack Obama rendered the act obsolete, yet recent years have seen renewed efforts to curb voting rights and deny minorities the act's hard-won protections. Legal challenges to key sections of the act may soon lead the Supreme Court to declare those protections unconstitutional.
E. Sylvia Pankhurst : portrait of a radical
Womens suffrage in the light of the second reading of 1897
Sounds as trade marks - conditions and scope of protection
Young people's human rights and the politics of voting age
A theory of constitutional rights
Women and the vote : a world history
Bending toward justice : the Voting Rights Act and the transformation of American democracy
Aftermath of suffrage : women, gender, and politics in Britain, 1918-1945
Votes for women 1860-1928
Unfinished democracy : women in Nordic politics
Union citizenship and national elections
Promoting immigrants' democratic participation and integration
The Women's Suffrage Movement is the first comprehensive reference work to bring together in one volume the wealth of information available on some 400 individuals and 800 organizations involved in the women's suffrage movement from the 1860s to the 1920s throughout Britain. Easily accessible and rigorously cross-referenced, this invaluable reference source covers not only the political developments of the campaign but provides a vital insight into its cultural context, listing novels, plays and films and defining the position of publishers and newspapers on the question of women's suffrage. The book also looks at the iconography and artefacts of the period, such as the postcards, jewellery and china engendered by the campaign.
The transformation of citizenship in the European Union : electoral rights and the restructuring of political space
Fields of protest : women's movements in India
History of woman suffrage. Vol. 1, 1848-1861
Bones of the lost
The breakthrough of representative democracy in Finland
On the evolution of international election norms : global and european perspectives
Political writings
Rebel girls : their fight for the vote
Women, politics, and power : a global perspective
The Audiotarium : a concept for a public domain sound object repository
Too "artistic" for political history, too political for the history of art, the visual history of the campaign for women's suffrage in Britain has long been neglected. In this comprehensive and pathbreaking study, Lisa Tickner discusses and illustrates the suffragist use of spectacle - the design of banners, posters and postcards, the orchestration of mass demonstrations - in an unprecedented propaganda campaign.
Harriot Stanton Blatch and the winning of woman suffrage
Suffragette : my own story
Women's suffrage and social politics in the French Third Republic
The spectacle of women : imagery of the suffrage campaign 1907-14
Politics of gender : a century of women's suffrage in Finland
Feminism and democracy : women's suffrage and reform politics in Britain 1900-1918
Suffragettes : the fight for votes for women
Women against the vote : female anti-suffragism in Britain
Irish women and the vote : becoming citizens
Suffrage, gender and citizenship : international perspectives on parliamentary reforms
Flesh and blood : a Kay Scarpetta thriller
Election elements : on the international standards of electoral participation
Electoral laws of parliaments of the member states of the European Communities
Votes for women : the struggle for suffrage revisited
The complete illustrated guide to the presidents of America : an authoritative history of the American presidency, shown in more than 460 photographs and illustrations
A heroic martyr or a misguided lunatic? : Representations of the suffragatte Emily Wilding Davison in the Manchester Guardian in 1913
The ideas of the woman suffrage movement, 1890-1920
The women's movement
Separate spheres : the opposition to women's suffrage in Britain
Women's individual voting rights : a democratic requirement
International encyclopedia of women's suffrage
Defining the Victorian nation : class, race, gender and the British Reform Act of 1867
The infidel stain
Markets for votes
"Traitors to the masculine cause" : The men's campaigns for women's rights
The women's suffrage movement in Britain, 1866-1928
We will be satisfied with nothing less : the African strggle for equal rights in the north during reconstruction
American citizenship : the quest for inclusion
It was a bloody and dangerous war lasting several decades, won finally by sheer will and determination in 1928. Drawing on extracts from diaries, newspapers, letters, journals and books, Joyce Marlow has pieced together this inspiring, poignant and exciting history using the voices of the women themselves. Some of the people and events are well-known, but Marlow has gone beyond the obvious, particularly beyond London, to show us the ordinary women - middle and working-class, who had the breathtaking courage to stand up and be counted - or just as likely hectored, or pelted with eggs. These women were clever and determined, knew the power of humour and surprise and exhibited 'unladylike' passion and bravery. Joyce Marlow's anthology is lively, comprehensive, surprising and triumphant.
One woman, one vote : rediscovering the woman suffrage movement
Suffragists and liberals : the politics of woman suffrage in England
Women and states : norms and hierarchies in international society
"Women will, we are perfectly confident, rise to the occasion." : Evaluative language use as persuasion in editorials on women's suffrage in New Zeland
The case for elections to the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage : selected documents
The pioneering Garretts : breaking the barriers for women
The march of the women : a revisionist analysis of the campaign for women's suffrage, 1866-1914
Frau und Nation = Woman and nation
The participation of foreign residents in public life at local level : consultative bodies : proceedings Stuttgart (Germany), 14  December 2001 ; [Council of Europe]
History of woman suffrage. Vol. 2, 1861-1876
Woma's suffrage : an address delivered by Daniel De Leon under the auspices of the Socialst Women of Greater New York, Mary Papelsky, presiding
The women's suffrage movement in Britain and Ireland : a regional survey
Child soldiers : the role of children in armed conflict
Electoral democratisation in post-civil war Guinea-Bissau 1999 - 2008
Shareholder voting rights and practices in Europe and the United States
Finnish election system
Mill and paternalism
Jim Crow New York : a documentary history of race and citizenship, 1777-1877
Fundamental rights in Europe : challenges and transformations in comparative perspective
Many discussions of J. S. Mill's concept of liberty focus too narrowly on On Liberty and fail to acknowledge that his treatment of related issues elsewhere may modify its leading doctrines. Mill and Paternalism demonstrates how a contextual reading suggests that in Principles of Political Economy, and also his writings on Ireland, India and on domestic issues like land reform, Mill proposed a substantially more interventionist account of the state than On Liberty seems to imply. This helps to explain Mill's sympathies for socialism after 1848, as well as his Malthusianism and feminism, which, in conjunction with Harriet Taylor's views, are central to his later discussions of the family and marriage. Feminism, indeed, is shown to provide the answer to the problem which most agitated Mill, overpopulation. Thus Gregory Claeys sheds new lights on many of Mill's overarching preoccupations, including the theory of liberty at the heart of On Liberty.
Rhetorical reform of voting rights in nineteenth-century France
The construction of the voter in Finland, c. 1860-1907
Woman suffrage and the new democracy
Rethinking political action and enforcing sexual morality : Finnish women's struggle for suffrage as conceptual politics
Conservative Suffragists : the women's vote and the Tory Party
The negro votes
Market for votes
Parliaments and electoral systems : a world handbook
Women, quotas and politics
The civil rights era : origins and development of national policy : 1960-1972
A people's Europe : Commission communication
Shoulder to shoulder : a documentary
History of woman suffrage.. 1
Suffragists in an imperial age : U.S. expansion and the woman question, 1870-1929
The women's victory - and after : personal reminiscences, 1911-1918
American women's activism in World War I
Voting rights--and wrongs : the elusive quest for racially fair elections
Women and the school vote
The selected papers of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. Vol. 4, When clowns make laws for queens, 1880-1887
25 years of emancipation? : women in Switzerland 1971-1996
Woman suffrage in Australia
Suffrage and beyond : international feminist perspectives
Sex and suffrage in Britain, 1860-1914
Women's suffrage and fiction in England, 1905-1914 : facts and visions
The rhetoric of reaction : perversity, futility, jeopardy
The moral status of children : essays on the rights of the child
In 2006 Finland celebrated the centenary of universal and equal suffrage. The reform in 1906 was radical: women gained the right to vote and to stand as candidates in parliamentary elections. The new rights were immediately used and 19 women were elected to the Parliament. Finland was the third country, after New Zealand and Australia, in which women were admitted to full political citizenship. Norwegian women were also granted political rights before WWI. This publication studies suffrage, citizenship and parliamentary reforms in various socio-political contexts. It brings together new research from a wide range of scholars and disciplines. In addition to pioneers, attention is given to Austria, Britain, Canada, Hungary, Iran, Ireland, Israel, Poland, Romania, Russia and Slovenia, among others. By highlighting national differences, the collection strives to disperse the universalising trend of research. The chapters suggest that the age of suffrage narratives based on a view of universal emancipation is over; more significant are deconstructive approaches and analyses embedded in local factors. From an international perspective, the realisation of female suffrage was a long and multi-faceted process taking different forms. The issue of women's civil rights is certainly not a matter of the past. Internationally, suffrage, gender and citizenship are highly topical issues, as indicated in this collection.
Irish feminism and the vote : an anthology of the Irish Citizen newspaper, 1912-1920
Women's suffrage in New Zealand
Landmarks on Finnishwomens road to suffrage and equal citizenship
Great Suffragists - and why : modern makers of history
Voting rights in local elections for Community nationals : report from the Commission to the European Parliament transmitted for information to the Council in October 1986
Feminist research - an intellectual adventure? : a research autobiography and reflections on the development, state and strategies of change of feminist research
The international encyclopedia of elections
The vote : how it was won and how it was undermined
Struggle for mastery : disfranchisement in the South, 1888-1908
