http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9799 animal damage
animal damage
Plant nematology in southern Africa (1970-1985)
On the possibility of pests being conveyed in export timber : survey of biological requirements
Rodent pests and their control in the Near East
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Quarantine requirements and procedures to prevent introduction and spread of exotic pests of mutual concern to member countries of the North American Forestry Commission
Open Journal of Forestry
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Frankliniella occidentalis : biology and control
Africanized honey bees and bee mites
Vertebrate pest control, January 1979 - April 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Honeybee diseases and enemies in Asia: a practical guide
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 3, Gall midges of fruit
Insect pests in stored products
Biological control of pests in China
Cultivated crops and climatic factors affecting the yellow potato cyst nematode, Globodera Rostochiensis (Woll.) Behrens
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
CRC handbook of natural pesticides. Vol. 6, Insect attractants and repellents
The exterminators. 5 : Bug brothers forever
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
Guidelines for surveillance
Breeding birches for resistance to mammalian herbivores
Natural enemy databank 1987 : a catalogue of natural enemies of arthropods derived from records in the CIBC Natural enemy databank
The wolf debate in Finland
Natural enemy conservation for the integrated control of the rape blossom beetle Meligethes aeneus F.
Variation in the survival, growth and resistance responses of white birches
Proceedings of the Third International Grapevine Phylloxera Symposium : Fremantle, Australia, October 5-7 2005
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 5, Gall midges of trees
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
World bibliography of rice stem borers 1794-1990
Impact of beaver on its surrounding environment in Koli National Park, Finland
Plant disturbance ecology : the process and the response
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 8, Gall midges - miscellaneous
Occurrence of phytoseiid mites (Acari: Phytoseiidae) on apple trees in Finland
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 2, Gall midges of fodder crops
Damage caused by seals to salmon fisheries in Finland in 1974-1976
Handbook of vegetable pests
International workshop on sorghum stem borers : 17-20 Nov 1987, ICRISAT Center, India
Your living home
Biological factors in deterioration of paper = Facteurs biologiques de deterioration du papier
A colour atlas of fruit pests
Introduction to insect pest management
Unbidden house guests
Report of the EIFAC working party on prevention and control of bird predation in aquaculture and fisheries operations
Forest health in the Blue Mountains : a plant ecologist's perspective on ecosystem processes and biological diversity
Diseases and disorders of forest trees : a guide to identifying causes of ill-health in woods and plantations
Chemistry and uses of insecticides
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland during 1987
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Insect pests and their natural enemies on spring oilseed rape in Estonia : impact of cropping systems
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 4, Gall midges of ornamental plants and shrubs
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
Wildlife damage control
Report on economic zoology for year ending April 1st, 1907
A colour atlas of pests of ornamental trees, shrubs and flowers
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 7, Gall midges of cereal crops
Forest damage in northern Finland in 1992.
The eradication of ticks = La erradicación de las garrapatas : proceedings of the Expert consultation on the eradication of ticks with special reference to Latin America, Mexico City, Mexico, 22-26 June 1987.
Distribution, movements and reproduction of carabid beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) inhabiting cereal fields
Blue sticky traps are more efficient for the monitoring of Lygus rugulipennis (Heteroptera, Miridae) than yellow sticky traps
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
An annotated bibliography on rodent research in Latin America, 1960-1985
Utilization of diapause in mass production of Aphidoletes aphidimyza (Rond.) (Dipt., Cecidomyiidae)
Ecologically-based management of rodent pests
Forest entomology
Aphids infesting crucifers in Canada
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 6, Gall midges of miscellaneous crops
Forest pests and their management in Zambia
The exterminators. 4 : Crossfire and collateral
World crop pests. Vol. 2 B, Aphids : their biology, natural enemies and control
On eating of pine-buds by the squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris)
The double-crested cormorant : symbol of ecological conflict
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
The biology of Pissodes validirostris Gyll. (Col., Curculionidae) and its harmfulness, especially in Scots pine seed orchards
Forest health and protection
Pest attack & pest control in organic materials : postprints of the UKIC Furniture section conference Museum of London 18 November 1996.
Nordiske navne på skadedyr og nogle nyttedyr = Nordic names of pests and some beneficial animals
The feasibility of using modified atmospheres to control insect pests in museums : GCI scientific programm report, March 1993 : Michael, K. Rust, Janice M. Kennedy
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
Insect pests of maize : a quide for field identification
The pest potential of Meloidogyne hapla in northern field conditions
Report on economic zoology for year ending April 1st, 1908
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch
Success and distribution of large raspberry aphid (Amphorophora idaei) and its natural enemies on different raspberry cultivars
Animals as forest pests in Finnish Lapland
The wildlife techniques manual
Non-chemical control methods against cabbage root flies Delia radicum and Delia floralis (Anthomyiidae)
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 1, Gall midges of root and vegetable crops
Forest dynamics and disturbance regimes : studies from temperate evergreen-deciduous forests
It is assumed that climate change will promote pest invasions and their establishment in new regions. We have updated the list of current alien invertebrate pest species in Finland and produced a list of potential new alien pests using a self-organizing map (SOM) that ranks species in terms of their risk of entry into Finland. The 76 pest species recorded included 66 insects, 5 nematodes, 2 mites and 3 slugs. Nearly half of the alien species appeared to have invaded Finland during the last 48 years. The SOM analysis is considered a viable tool for identification of potentially high-risk invasive pests from among the multitude of potential alien invaders, and represents a useful complement to local expert knowledge-based risk assessment of potentially invasive pests. Along with the comparisons with databases of current and potential pest species, SOM analysis suggests that in the changing climate, the habitats at greatest risk from exotic pests in Finland are horticultural: orchards, ornamental hardy-nursery stocks, landscape and ornamental tree nurseries, and greenhouses.Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
The leafhopper Delphacodes pellucida (F.) (Hom., Auchenorrhyncha) as the cause and distributor of the damage to oats in Finland
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Controlling vertebrate pests in museums
Integrated pest management for collections : proceedings of 2001: a pest odyssey
Plant pests and their control
Distribution of migratory plant parasitic nematodes in cultivated Finnish soils
Insect pests of sweet potato in Java
White apple leafhopper : pest management program for apple series
Wildlife damage management : prevention, problem solving and conflict resolution
Recorded and potential alien invertebrate pests in Finnish agriculture and horticulture
Reed canary grass - observations of effects on crop stand and fibre quality caused by infestation of Epicalamus phalaridis
