http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9792 obsessions
obsessions
The guardian
Sabbath's theater
Obsessive - compulsive disorder : the facts
The reckoning
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Mess : one man's struggle to clean up his house and his act
Bridget Jones's diary
The great Christmas knit off
Becoming the Butlers
The vegetarian : a novel
The new neighbor
Our troubles with food: fears, fads and fallacies
In a dark, dark wood
Mr. Monk and the new lieutenant : a novel
"Addictions to drugs or alcohol are usually apparent, but what about behavioral addictions? A person addicted to shoplifting or gambling, for example, or picking at their skin, may suffer in the shadows while their behavior consumes their time and energy--and disrupts their life. Legal, medical, and financial troubles are common for such a person and their loved ones, as are social and family conflicts. Behavioral addictions are serious illnesses and usually do not go away on their own--telling the loved one to simply stop doing the behavior will not work. This book is for anyone who has a behavioral addiction, and for their families and friends. It describes what a behavioral addiction is, what causes it, and how it can be diagnosed and treated. It takes an in-depth look at seven specific addictions: to gambling, stealing, sex, internet use, shopping and buying, hair pulling and skin picking, and food. Behavioral addictions have a physical basis in the brain and are addictive because, like alcohol and narcotics, they are rewarding. The addicted person spends enormous amounts of time preparing for or engaging in the habit, and in the process neglects other areas of life. He or she may also be convicted of a crime, put their sexual partner at risk of infection, lose their job due to negligence and their home due to debt. These repetitive habits persist despite negative consequences so that, ultimately, the person loses all conscious control over the behavior. The guidance provided here helps readers deal with the complicated issues surrounding these addictions, including how family members can help the addicted person while helping themselves. Dr. Grant has published many books and has appeared on CNN, BBC, GMA, The Early Show, and elsewhere"--
The insect farm
You
Not dead yet
The Missing. Season 1
Perfect days
The Radleys
The bad girl
An American spy
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
All the names
Change your brain, change your life : the breakthrough programme for conquering anger, anxiety, obsessiveness and depression
Someone's getting married. Someone's getting murdered. In a dark, dark wood Nora hasn't seen Clare for ten years. Not since Nora walked out of school one day and never went back. There was a dark, dark house Until, out of the blue, an invitation to Clare's hen do arrives. Is this a chance for Nora to finally put her past behind her? And in the dark, dark house there was a dark, dark room But something goes wrong. Very wrong. And in the dark, dark room...Some things can't stay secret for ever / WorldCat.
Mini shopaholic
The Borgia ring
One hundred strokes of the brush before bed
The monster in the cave : how to face your fear and anxiety and live your life
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Into the valley
The neon demon
Florence Nightingirl
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
The eye of the beholder
Face your fears:  A proven plan to beat anxiety, panic, phobias, and obsessions
In secret
Unbearable lightness : a story of loss and gain
House of psychotic women : an autobiographical topography of female neurosis in horror and exploitation films
The girl in 6E
The irresistible inheritance of Wilberforce : a novel in four vintages
The place of dead roads
Saving Grace
Mr. Monk gets on board : a novel
The Zahir
The man who watched women : a Sebastian Bergman thriller
Why we run : a story of obsession
The mindfulness workbook for OCD : a guide to overcoming obsessions and compulsions using mindfulness and cognitive behavioral therapy
Girls on fire
The taker
Perfect girls, starving daughters : the frightening new normality of hating your body
The book collector
A man of genius
The psychology of gambling
Shopaholic & Sister
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
The other side of desire : four journeys into the far realms of lust and longing
The roommate
The jewels of paradise
Mr. Monk is cleaned out : a novel
Alice and the fly
Unrequited : women and romantic obsession
Girl in the moonlight
Every seventh wave
The peculiar life of a lonely postman
Overcoming hoarding : a self-help guide to using cognitive behavioural techniques
The book of you
Wuthering heights
Cinema of obsession : erotic fixation and love gone wrong in the movies
Fifty shades of grey
The diving pool : three novellas
From thoughts to obsessions : obsessive compulsive disorders in children and adolescents
Before the frost
Cultures of addiction
Counting by 7s
Things we have in common
The last banquet
Walking to Hollywood : memories of before the fall
Travel writing
Wuthering Heights
Confessions of a shopaholic : previously published as The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
Why can't I stop? : reclaiming your life from a behavioral addiction
Fat is a feminist issue
No cure for love
Plastic surgery obsession : Brazil's Dr. Ivo Pitanguy triggered it all
The burden : a Mary Westmacott novel
Obsession : a history
Mr. Monk in trouble : a novel
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Confessions of a shopaholic
Mary, Mary
"At some point in our lives, we all engage in behaviors that are risky, irrational, or unwise. We might find it exciting and temporarily rewarding to gamble on the lottery or impulsively buy an expensive gadget. But just as substances like alcohol and narcotics have the potential to become addictive, so do certain behaviors. A person addicted to gambling, shopping, the internet, food, or picking at their skin may suffer shame in the shadows while their behavior consumes time and energy and disrupts their life. Some people with behavioral addictions lose their family, job, savings, and home. With a physical basis in the brain, behavioral addictions are serious illnesses--but simply willing yourself to stop is usually not enough. Why Can't I Stop? is for anyone who has a behavioral addiction, as well as their supportive families and friends. Examining seven of the most common and serious addictions--gambling, sex, stealing, internet use, shopping and buying, hair pulling and skin picking, and food--the authors bring together cutting-edge research to describe behavioral addiction, its causes, and how it can be diagnosed and treated. Featuring patient stories of behavioral addiction and recovery, as well as information about treatment centers, this compassionate guide will help readers better understand the complicated issues surrounding these addictions and teach family members how to help the addicted person while helping themselves"--
The scent of your breath
Shopaholic & baby
Thirteen steps down
The Middlesteins
All he ever wanted : a novel
Twelve-year-old genius and outsider Willow Chance must figure out how to connect with other people and find a surrogate family for herself after her parents are killed in a car accident.
Kill the boy band
The mistress's revenge
As black as ebony
The woman upstairs : a novel
Hear the wind sing ; and Pinball, 1973
Cursed
The burden
Snow white & the huntsman : a novel
The iconoclast's guide to music : unraveling the mindest of a music snob in 50 digestible chunks
Ghosty men : the strange but true story of Collyer brothers, New York's greatest hoarders : an urban historical by
