http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9797 African American literature
African American literature
In his own voice : the dramatic and other uncollected works of Paul Laurence Dunbar
The truth that never hurts : writings on race, gender, and freedom
Contemporary plays by African American women : ten complete works
Race and Form : towards a contextualized narratology of African American autobiography
Contemporary black American fiction writers
Voices : Canadian writers of African descent
For colored girls who have considered suicide, when the rainbow is enuf : a choreopoem
Blacks and Jews in literary conversation
Richard Wright : new readings in the 21st century
New black voices : an anthology of contemporary Afro-American literature
Nella Larsen, novelist of the Harlem renaissance : a woman's life unveiled
The Negro novel in America
The summer we got free
In her first new play since the critically acclaimed "Ruined, " Nottage tells the story of Vera Stark, an African-American maid and budding actress who has a tangled relationship with her boss, a white Hollywood star desperately grasping to hold onto her career.
Embracing otherness : the body, language and music in Toni Morrison's Jazz
The America play, and other works
Estrangement and belonging in Toni Morrison's novels
Blackness and the adventure of western culture
Negotiating difference : race, gender, and the politics of positionality
The Book of American Negro poetry
Parable of the sower
Secularizing the sacred : evocations of religion in African-American literature
"Who set you flowin?" : the African-American migration narrative
Black women as cultural readers
Drinking coffee elsewhere
Reading Contemporary African American Literature focuses on the subject of contemporary African American popular fiction by women. Braggś study addresses why such work should be the subject of scholarly examination, describes the events and attitudes which account for the critical neglect of this body of work, and models a critical approach to such narratives that demonstrates the distinctive ways in which this literature captures the complexities of post-civil rights era black experiences. In making her arguments regarding the value of popular writing, Bragg argues that black womenś popular fiction foregrounds gender in ways that are frequently missing from other modes of narrative production. They exhibit a responsiveness and timeliness to the shifting social terrain which is reflected in the rapidly shifting styles and themes which characterize popular fiction. In doing so, they extend the historical function of African American literature by continuing to engage the black body as a symbol of political meaning in the social context of the United States. In popular literature Beauty Bragg locates a space from which black women engage a variety of public discourses. --Provided by publisher.
"Toni Morrison, the only living American Nobel laureate in literature, published her first novel in 1970. In the ensuing forty plus years, Morrison's work has become synonymous with the most significant literary art and intellectual engagements of our time. The publication of Home (May 2012), as well as her 2011 play Desdemona affirm the range and acuity of Morrison's imagination. Toni Morrison: Forty Years in The Clearing enables audiences/readers, critics, and students to review Morrison's cultural and literary impacts and to consider the import, and influence of her legacies in her multiple roles as writer, editor, publisher, reader, scholar, artist, and teacher over the last four decades. Some of the highlights of the collection include contributions from many of the major scholars of Morrison's canon: as well as art pieces, music, photographs and commentary from poets, Nikki Giovanni and Sonia Sanchez; novelist, A.J. Verdelle; playwright, Lydia Diamond; composer, Richard Danielpour; photographer, Timothy Greenfield-Sanders; the first published interview with Morrison's friends from Howard University, Florence Ladd and Mary Wilburn; and commentary from President Barack Obama. What distinguishes this book from the many other publications that engage Morrison's work is that the collection is not exclusively a work of critical interpretation or reference. This is the first publication to contextualize and to consider the interdisciplinary, artistic, and intellectual impacts of Toni Morrison using the formal fluidity and dynamism that characterize her work. This book adopts Morrison's metaphor as articulated in her Pulitzer-Prize winning novel, Beloved. The narrative describes the clearing as "...a wide-open place cut deep in the woods nobody knew for what...In the heat of every Saturday afternoon, she sat in the clearing while the people waited among the trees." Morrison's Clearing is a complicated and dynamic space. Like the intricacies of Morrison's intellectual and artistic voyages, the Clearing is both verdant and deadly, a sanctuary and a prison. Morrison's vision invites consideration of these complexities and confronts these most basic human conundrums with courage, resolve and grace. This collection attempts to reproduce the character and spirit of this metaphorical terrain."--Publisher's website.
The Bible in Toni Morrison's novels Song of Solomon and eloved
"Richard Wright: New Readings in the 21st Century positions Wright studies in the 21st century in the best way possible. Richard Wright's legacy is updated in order to meet the needs of a growing international readership. This critical volume is also a step in making his accomplishments known to new generations of scholars. Gathering some of the most important Wright scholarship in the world, along with international work of emerging Wright critics, the collection contains unexplored themes and theoretical orientations centering on racism and spatial dimensions; the transnational and political Wright; Wright and masculinity, Wright and the American 1950s and 1960s; and some of the first analyses of Wright's recently published A Father's Law (2008). The collection combines literary and cultural theory with methods of archival and bibliographic research to provide an expanded vision of Wright's potential impact on thinking in the 21st century"--
The Prentice Hall anthology of African American literature
Critical voicings of black liberation : resistance and representations in the Americas
The conjure woman and other conjure tales
The love space demands : a continuing saga
Collection of 19 folktales, legends, and true stories celebrating the heroic cunning, patience, and courage of African-American women and girls.
'May I say a few words' : female voice, identity and oral tradition in Gayl Jones's Corregidora and Mosquito
Reading contemporary African American literature : Black women's popular fiction, post-civil rights experience, and the African American canon
Black comix : African American independent comics art and culture
CrossRoutes - the meanings of "race" for the 21st century
The Cambridge introduction to Toni Morrison
Torn between the fantasies of her youth and the realities of a life marked by violence and abandonment, August reunites with a beloved old friend who challenges her to reconcile her past and come to terms with the difficulties that forced her to grow up too quickly.
The journey back : issues in black literature and criticism
Blues, Ideology, and Afro-American literature : a vernacular theory
Southern women write Africa
Restoring the connection to the natural world : essays on the African American environmental imagination
Propaganda and aesthetics : the literary politics of Afro-American magazines in the twentieth century
Black imagination and the middle passage
Toni Morrison : forty years in the clearing
The collected novels of Paul Laurence Dunbar
Black English literature as a literary dialect : representations of the nonstandard variants of be
Collected plays
Sister' s choice : exploring identity and voice in Alice Walker' s The Color Purple and The Temple of My Familiar
The Black Columbiad : defining moments in African American literature and culture
The collected poetry of Paul Laurence Dunbar
The novels of Toni Morrison : the search for self and place within the community
Alice Walker's Possessing the secret of joy : - finding true self through language
The underground railroad : a novel
Speaking power : black feminist orality in women's narratives of slavery
Toni Morrison has written some of the most significant and demanding fiction of the modern age. Her dazzling depictions of African-American experience are studied in high schools and colleges, debated in the media, and analyzed by scholars at an astounding rate. This Introduction offers readers a guide to the world of Morrison in all its complexity, from her status as a key player on the global intellectual stage, to her unique perspective on American history and her innovative narrative techniques. Covering every novel from The Bluest Eye to A Mercy, Tessa Roynon combines close readings with critical insights into Morrison's other creative work, such as short stories, libretto and song lyrics, and unpublished pieces for performance. Chapters also highlight the significance of Morrison's non-fiction, including her groundbreaking work of literary criticism, Playing in the Dark, as well as her many essays, speeches, and interviews. Lively and accessibly written, Roynon's insightful text is ideal for readers approaching Morrison for the first time as well as those familiar with her work.
Specifying : black women writing the American experience
Voices from under : black narrative in Latin America and the Caribbean
The music in African American fiction
Ishmael Reed and the ends of race
Plays. 1, For colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf ; Spell #7 ; The love space demands
African American theatre
Black voices : an anthology of Afro-American literature
Toni Morrison : Paradise, Love, A mercy
Alice Walker
Black women writers at work
Intertextuality in Toni Morrison's novel Beloved : particularly in relation to Frederick Douglass' and Harriet Ann Jacobs' Slave narratives
In search of our mothers' garden : womanist prose
"Strange orphans" : contemporary African American women playwrights
Toni Morrison's Paradise : a reader's guide
Black novelists and the Southern literary tradition
Classic fiction of the Harlem Renaissance
"Gathering some of the most important Wright scholarship in the world, along with international work of emerging Wright critics, the collection contains unexplored themes and theoretical orientations centering on racism and spatial dimensions; the transnational and political Wright; Wright and masculinity, Wright and the American 1950s and 1960s; and some of the first analyses of Wright's recently published A Father's Law (2008)"--
Toni Morrison's fiction : contemporary criticism
Finnish summary.
African American women playwrights : a study of race, gender and class
Motifs of blindness in Richard Wright's Native son
Toni Morrison writes b(l)ack: Beloved and slavery's dehumanizing discourse of animality
A darkly comic fable of brotherly love and family identity is Suzan-Lori Parks latest riff on the way we are defined by history. The play tells the story of Lincoln and Booth, two brothers whose names were given to them as a joke, foretelling a lifetime of sibling rivalry and resentment. Haunted by the past, the brothers are forced to confront the shattering reality of their future.
Order out of chaos : the autobiographical works of Maya Angelou
Lady writes the blues. Zora Neale Hurston's "Their eyes were watching God" and Alice Walker's "The color purple"
Black literature and humanism in Latin America
Harriet Wilson's Our Nig : a cultural biography of a "Two-Story" African American novel
365 days/365 plays
Performing the word : African American poetry as vernacular culture
Through the matrilineage : Zora Neale Hurston's Their eyes watching God through Alice Walker's concept of womanism
By the way, meet Vera Stark
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Complexions of race : the African Atlantic
The Cambridge companion to Toni Morrison
Pleasantville
African American anti-lynching literature and 'the Other' : masculine fantasies of white supremacy, ideologies of flesh, and sexual nature of racism
Ruined
The bluest eye
The Gilda stories
Cane : an authoritative text backgrounds criticism
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
The utopian aesthetics of three African American women (Toni Morrison, Gloria Naylor, Julie Dash) : the principle of hope
Father comes home from the wars : parts 1, 2 & 3
Harlem's glory : black women writing, 1900-1950
To be young, gifted and black : Lorraine Hansberry in her own words
The survival strategies of the black women characters in four novels by Toni Morrison
Forgotten pages of American literature
"The stunning first installment of a new American Odyssey, set over the course of the Civil War, and penned by Pulitzer Prize & Tony Award winner Suzan-Lori Parks (Topdog/Underdog).Offered his freedom if he joins his master in the ranks of the Confederacy, Hero, a slave, must choose whether to leave the woman and people he loves for what may be yet another empty promise. As his decision brings him face-to-face with a nation at war with itself, the loved ones Hero left behind debate whether to escape or wait for his return, only to discover that for Hero, free will may have come at a great spiritual cost.A devastatingly beautiful dramatic work filled with music, wit and great lyricism, Father Comes Home From the Wars is an epic tale about holding on to who we are and what we love in a country that both brings us together and rips us apart.^Father Comes Home From the Wars (Parts 1, 2 & 3) enjoyed its world premiere production in October-December 2014, Off-Broadway at The Public Theater. It received rave reviews and was extended twice. The world premiere production will be seen at American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts, beginning January 2015.Praise for Father Comes Home From the Wars: "By turns philosophical and playful, lyrical and earthy, Suzan-Lori Parks's new play, Father Comes Home From the Wars (Parts 1, 2 & 3), swoops, leaps, dives and soars across three endlessly stimulating hours, reimagining a turbulent turning point in American history through a cockeyed contemporary lens... The finest work yet from this gifted writer... [It] just be the best new play I've seen all year... The wonder of Ms.Parks's achievement is how smoothly she blends the high and the low, the serious and the humorous, the melodramatic and the grittily realistic; [she has] a voice that can transform blunt, vernacular language into fluid, flowing free verse." - Charles Isherwood, New York Times"A nine-part serial whose first three parts are now being produced... Can one-third of something already be a masterpiece? Seems like it to me.... People long for stories that engage the deepest possible issues in the most gripping possible ways. Father Comes Home From the Wars is one of those stories --or maybe more than one." - Jesse Green, New York Magazine "Brilliant, beautiful... With this vibrant freestanding trilogy... Parks has achieved something that engages with a bold theatricality both lyrical and raw, without sacrificing any of her thematic ambition or her structural and intellectual complexity. Each of the three parts thrums with its own vitality [and they] form a mutually invigorating whole. Parks' incomparable command of percussive vernacular is no surprise, and her dialogue here might just as easily be sung. This haunting work is funny and tragic, whimsical and lacerating, poetic and poignant, navigating its radical tonal shifts with fluidity and grace.... If Parks can sustain her sprawling project at this level as it moves forward, there's every reason to hope it will ultimately become no less significant and emotionally resonant an undertaking than August Wilson's ten-play Century Cycle." - David Rooney, Hollywood Reporter "The best new play of the year...It is bold, hugely entertaining, moving and thrillingly ambitious. Playwright Suzan-Lori Parks bids fair to create a sprawling multi-part epic to plant alongside August Wilson's monumental Century Cycle, one of the great achievements in theater history. Parts 4 through 9 (? or more?) can't come fast enough for me." - Michael Giltz, Huffington Post "--
Being & race : black writing since 1970
Literatures of the African diaspora
The Oxford W. E. B. Du Bois reader
Narrative conventions and race in the novels of Toni Morrison
The plays
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
"Nobel laureate Toni Morrison is one of the most widely studied of contemporary American authors. This Companion is the first evaluation to include not only her famous novels, but also her other literary works (short story, drama, musical, and opera), her social and literary criticism, and her career as an editor and teacher. Its approach, together with a chronology and guide to further reading, makes this a useful book for students and scholars of African American literature."--BOOK JACKET.
Call and response : the Riverside anthology of the African American literary tradition
Another Brooklyn : a novel
Her stories : African American folktales, fairy tales, and true tales
The word : black writers talk about the transformative power of reading and writing: interviews
Teaching African American women's writing
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
