http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9794 traumas (mental objects)
traumas (mental objects)
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
Trauma and dreams
Trauma and the Memory of Politics
Work-related traumatic stress : risk, vulnerability, and resilience
We are all made of stars
Contemporary trauma narratives : liminality and the ethics of form
The shock trauma manual of operative techniques
The haunted airman
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
The round house
The hummingbird : A Novel
Death by water
Experiences of adult immigrants with posttraumatic stress disorder : challenges for nurses when providing evidence-based nursing care
The wooden chair
The time of contempt
Relationships between childhood traumatic experiences, body dissatisfaction and disordered eating, and the mediating role of body dissatisfaction : a population-based study of Finnish men and women
Military aviation noise:noise-induced hearing impairment and noise protection
The sentimentalists
The truth about Melody Browne
The blind side of the heart
Trauma and cinema : cross-cultural explorations
Shell Shock, Memory, and the Novel in the Wake of World War I explores the narrative traces, subaltern faces, and commemorative spaces of shell shock in wartime and postwar novels by Mulk Raj Anand, Ford Madox Ford, Mary A. Ward, George Washington Lee, Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald and Christopher Isherwood. This book argues that World War I novels serve as an untapped source of information about shell shock, and renews our present understanding of the condition by exploring the nexus of shell shock and practices of commemoration. Shell shock novelists testify to the tenaciousness and complexity of the disorder, write survivors into visibility, and articulate the immediacy of wounds that remain to be seen. This book helps readers understand more fully the extent to which shell shock continues to shape and trouble modern memories of the First World War.
Disaster medicine is constantly gaining in importance owing to the impact of a variety of trends, including the rising global population, increased levels of travel, increasing production and transport of hazardous material, the development of global terrorism, and the increasing likelihood of disasters due to climatic changes. Additional skills are needed to respond effectively to the emergencies that arise from these developments, yet the available textbooks are mainly theoretical and provide limited practical advice and few methodological guidelines.   This book, written by members of the core faculty responsible for European courses on Medical Response to Major Incidents (MRMI), is designed to redress the balance by providing a practical guide that covers the full range of disaster scenarios and is relevant to all medical staff. It combines within one comprehensive volume, in an easily accessible format, the entire spectrum of knowledge from command and coordination through to the management of individual casualties. Central importance is attached to the key component of decision making by explaining what needs to be done for patients in particular situations and the required order and timing of treatment measures. Simplified methods receive due attention, as it is often necessary for medical staff to administer primary treatment outside of their own specialty. This book will prove an invaluable aid to all who may be involved in the response to major accidents and disasters, including medical and nursing students, ambulance crew, and military personnel as well as medical specialists.
International handbook of traumatic stress syndromes
At war with yourself
Trauma and recovery : from domestic abuse to political terror
Storycomposing as a path to a child's inner world : a collaborative music therapy experiment with a child co-researcher
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
Jill Matus explores shock in Victorian fiction and psychology with startling results that reconfigure the history of trauma theory. Central to Victorian thinking about consciousness and emotion, shock is a concept that challenged earlier ideas about the relationship between mind and body. Although the new materialist psychology of the mid-nineteenth century made possible the very concept of a wound to the psyche - the recognition, for example, that those who escaped physically unscathed from train crashes or other overwhelming experiences might still have been injured in some significant way - it was Victorian fiction, with its complex explorations of the inner life of the individual and accounts of upheavals in personal identity, that most fully articulated the idea of the haunted, possessed and traumatized subject. This wide-ranging book reshapes our understanding of Victorian theories of mind and memory and reveals the relevance of nineteenth-century culture to contemporary theories of trauma.
Triage
Something old, something new: disorders specifically associated with stress in the ICD 11th revision
The Encyclopedia of Exercise Medicine is intelligently structured, easy accessible and user-friendly: A-Z format, clear, concise language and uniform essay structure as well as extensive cross references between keywords and related articles enables efficient searches in a user-friendly manner both for experts and newcomers. It is intended to be a comprehensive up-to-date data base on the adaptation of the human body to exercise and on the therapeutic use of exercise with up to 2,000 keywords. It covers all aspects within the full range of modern exercise medicine of each particular scientific discipline (cancer, parasitology, aging, etc.). This includes information on methodological approaches to measuring the principle components of motor fitness, and practical aspects of their enhancement by trainings regimes as well as by nutrition and the application of drugs. Such a wide range of entries, all written by leading experts in their respective fields, will therefore address both the basic/clinical scientist as well as the practitioner. Moreover, the Encyclopedia of Exercise Medicine is aimed at people in related fields, health care professionals, physiotherapists, trainers, students, informed athletes and interested laypersons. It is available both in print and as a fully searchable and hyperlinked electronic online edition.
This book by Madbak and Dangleben has collated lot of information that has been presented and published in many disparate arenas into a single easy to read source. In an area where there is more experience and "favorite techniques" than true evidence based answers, they provide a wealth of information along with outstanding photographic support that makes this an excellent resource for all surgeons caring for this population. Similar to many things in life, when treating patients  with the open abdomen one size or methodology does not fit all and this book will assuredly contain at least one.
Cloudburst
Beyond invisible walls : The Psychological legacy of Soviet trauma, East European therapists and their patients
Options in the management of the open abdomen
This volume increases our understanding of the field of trauma and of the impact of stress and violence on the human psyche. It discusses an overview of the field of trauma, which includes a history of the field, theoretical perspectives and methods that provide a paradigm for stage appropriate, culture-based therapy.
Surviving paedophilia : traumatic stress after organised and network child sexual abuse
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
Trauma and Forgiveness : Consequences and Communities
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
Death benefit
Music, music therapy and trauma : international perspectives
Alcohol affects the outcome after head trauma
Head injuries in children : incidence, sequele and informational needs
Lives elsewhere : migration and psychic malaise
Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing : basic principles, protocols, and procedures
Trauma and fulfillment therapy : a wholist framework
The drowning
Topologies of trauma : essays on the limit of knowledge and memory
Cartilage lesions of the ankle
Attachment, trauma and multiplicity : working with dissociative identity disorder
"Celebrating the twentieth anniversary of the groundbreaking Testimony, this collection brings together the leading academics from a range of scholarly fields to explore the meaning, use, and value of testimony in law and politics, its relationship to other forms of writing like literature and poetry, and its place in society. It visits testimony in relation to a range of critical developments, including the rise of Truth Commissions and the explosion and radical extension of human rights discourse; renewed cultural interest in perpetrators of violence alongside the phenomenal commercial success of victim testimony (in the form of misery memoirs); and the emergence of disciplinary interest in genocide, terror, and other violent atrocities. These issues are necessarily inflected by the question of witnessing violence, pain, and suffering at both the local and global level, across cultures, and in postcolonial contexts. At the volume's core is an interdisciplinary concern over the current and future nature of witnessing as it plays out through a 'new' Europe, post-9/11 US, war-torn Africa, and in countless refugee and detention centers, and as it is worked out by lawyers, journalists, medics, and novelists. The collection draws together an international range of case-studies, including discussion of the former Yugoslavia, Gaza, and Rwanda, and encompasses a cross-disciplinary set of texts, novels, plays, testimonial writing, and hybrid testimonies. The volume situates itself at the cutting-edge of debate and as such brings together the leading thinkers in the field, requiring that each address the future, anticipating and setting the future terms of debate on the importance of testimony"--
Soldier, spy : a survivor's tale
Expressive and creative arts methods for trauma survivors
The innocent
An Ottoman tragedy : history and historiography at play
We are all completely beside ourselves
Wounds of war : the psychological aftermath of combat in Vietnam
No and me
The PTSD workbook : simple, effective techniques for overcoming traumatic stress symptoms
Covert codes of women in prostitution : pathways for recovering roots after trauma interface
The hour I first believed : a novel
No time for goodbye
Trauma and media : theories, histories, and images
Trauma in Toni Morrison's Beloved
Handbook of behavioral and emotional problems in girls
The trauma myth : the truth about the sexual abuse of children - and its aftermath
Grounded in research and accumulated clinical wisdom, this book describes a range of ways to integrate mindfulness and other contemplative practices into clinical work with trauma survivors. The volume showcases treatment approaches that can be tailored to this population's needs, such as mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR), acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), and mindful self-compassion (MSC), among others. Featuring vivid case material, the book explores which elements of contemplative traditions support recovery and how to apply them safely. Neurobiological foundations of mindfulness-oriented work are examined. Treatment applications are illustrated for specific trauma populations, such as clients with chronic pain, military veterans, and children and adolescents.
September 11. . . Virginia Tech . . . Columbine . . . Hurricane Katrina . . . Traumatic events with long lasting consequences. Lives are upended, safety is threatened, and all are forced to find a way to adapt to a new normal. Educators in schools where students have experienced trauma face difficult challenges, for how are they to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Reclaiming School in the Aftermath of Trauma offers wisdom born of experience as well as insights acquired through years of study. Authors contributing to this text share their experiences in the aftermath of tragedy and describe helpful approaches for reclaiming school after trauma interrupts the lives of students, faculty, and school communities.
Understanding trauma : a psychoanalytical approach
The informationist
Police trauma : psychological aftermath of civilian combat
Penetrating Trauma : A Practical Guide on Operative Technique and Peri-Operative Management
Imagery treatment of phobias, anxiety states and other symptom complexes in Akhter Ahsen's image psychology
Shock, Memory and the Unconscious in Victorian Fiction
Drawing on real life experiences, this practical guide identifies the common ground of women who have moved through the difficulties of illness to satisfactory outcomes.
So you don't get lost in the neighbourhood
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
The goal of this publication is to give guidance on ways in which health care institutions globally can implement quality improvement (QI) programs oriented to strengthening care of the injured. This guidance is intended to be universally applicable to all countries, no matter what their economic level. They provide basic definitions and an overview of the field of QI, so that those not familiar with this field will have a working knowledge of it. Evidence of the benefit of QI in general and trauma QI in particular is then laid out. The main part of the publication reviews the most common methods of trauma QI, written in a how-to fashion. This covers a wide range of techniques. The first two of these are especially emphasized as ways in which to strengthen trauma QI in the setting of low-income and middle-income countries.--Publisher's description.
Life after trauma : a workbook for healing
Trauma and its wake. 1, The study and treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder
That old ace in the hole : a novel
Encyclopedia of Exercise Medicine in Health and Disease
In recent years, research studies into sports injuries have provided healthcare professionals with a better understanding of their etiology and natural history. On this basis, novel concepts in the diagnosis and management of these conditions are now being explored. This timely book offers a complete guide to the latest knowledge on the diagnosis and treatment of the full range of possible sports injuries. Individual sections are devoted to biomechanics, injury prevention, and the still emerging treatment role of growth factors, which foster more rapid tissue healing. Sports injuries of each body region are then examined in detail, with special attention to diagnostic issues and the most modern treatment techniques. In addition, pediatric sports injuries, extreme sports injuries, the role of physiotherapy, and future developments are extensively discussed. All who are involved in the care of patients with sports injuries will find this textbook to be an invaluable, comprehensive, and up-to-date reference.
The untouched key : tracing childhood trauma in creativity and destructiveness
In this interesting study, Jenny Edkins explores how we remember traumatic events such as wars, famines, genocides and terrorism, and questions the assumed role of commemorations as simply reinforcing state and nationhood. Taking examples from the World Wars, Vietnam, the Holocaust, Kosovo and September 11th, Edkins offers a thorough discussion of practices of memory such as memorials, museums, remembrance ceremonies, the diagnosis of post-traumatic stress and the act of bearing witness. She examines the implications of these commemorations in terms of language, political power, sovereignty and nationalism. She argues that some forms of remembering do not ignore the horror of what happened but rather use memory to promote change and to challenge the political systems that produced the violence of wars and genocides in the first place. This wide-ranging study embraces literature, history, politics and international relations, and makes a significant contribution to the study of memory.
Fives and twenty-fives
Coping with disaster : the helping behavior of communities and individuals
Trauma and recovery
Experiences of adult immigrants with posttraumatic stress disorder – challenges for nurses when providing evidence-based nursing care
Play therapy with children and adolescents in crisis
The assessment of traumatized refugees : clinical practices at the Cultural Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic
The shape of her
Real events revisited : fantasy, memory and psychoanalysis
Dexter in the dark
The shipping news
Stress response syndromes : PTSP, Grief, and adjustment disorders
Contesting childhood : autobiography, trauma, and memory
The role of occupational therapy in treating school-aged children with a diagnosis of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) as perceived by paediatric occupational therapists
Letting it go
The stranger in the mirror : dissociation the hidden epidemic
The elegance of hedgehog
Red mandarin dress
The body keeps the score : mind, brain and body in the transformation of trauma
Trauma : a social theory
Crisis and trauma : developmental-ecological intervention
Mindfulness-Oriented Interventions for Trauma : Integrating Contemplative Practices
Mild traumatic brain injury : clinical course and prognostic factors for postconcussional disorder
Veterans' experiences of Iraq war and Afghanistan war and Influences on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder symptoms after deployment : a systematic literature review
Sheltering : a novel
The hypnotist
Struck by genius : how a brain injury made me a mathematical marvel
When it was developed, the Ilizarov device represented a revolutionary advance that made it possible to correct previously untreatable conditions through the stimulation of bone growth based on the principle of distraction osteogenesis. The device subsequently gained popularity among surgeons throughout the world since it can be used for the treatment of fractures that have failed to heal satisfactorily and for deformity correction. The technique is, however, complex and requires specialist knowledge if it is to be applied optimally.This is the second edition of a well-received book that focuses primarily on external fixation using the Ilizarov device but also considers other devices employed for the purpose. The opening chapters include discussion of biomechanical principles, use of a system of coordinates to allow safer insertion of K-wires and half pins, preoperative preparation, and principles of frame construction. External fixation of a variety of fractures in different pathologic settings is then clearly explained in a series of detailed chapters with the aid of high-quality illustrations. Numerous case reports are included to illustrate the results of different treatment methods. In addition, principles of postoperative management are described and advice is provided on correction of errors and treatment of complications. Since the first edition the text has been thoroughly updated, with inclusion of contributions from leading world experts. This volume will serve as an indispensable manual both for trainee orthopedic surgeons embarking on a steep learning curve and for more experienced surgeons requiring advice and guidance in demanding cases.
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Measuring injury magnitude and patterns in a low-income country : experiences from Nicaragua
The living and the dead in Winsford
The trauma controversy : philosophical and interdisciplinary dialogues
Trauma : a genealogy / Ruth Leys
Children of battered women
Understanding women's recovery from illness and trauma
The Future of Trauma Theory : Contemporary Literary and Cultural Criticism
My name is Mahtob
Children, bereavement and trauma : nurturing resilience
Traumatic events and mental health
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Surgery needs skill. Skill needs knowledge. Knowledge of tricks, moves, and tools. This book is about such knowledge. Expert authors have contributed technical pearls, gained by years of experience. The short “how-I-do-it” chapters offer the reader a quick and effective guide that will be invaluable when addressing any penetrating injury.   The book is not intended to serve as a comprehensive volume of pathophysiology and management in trauma; rather the goal is to provide practical solutions on how to treat injuries surgically. It describes the steps that you must take when, in the middle of the night, confronted with devastating bleeding, you will have only one chance to save a life!
The gallow's bird
The book discusses how trauma presented in the media spills over national boundaries and can be found in images across divergent cultures in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe and America.
The secret Paris cinema club
Quality of life in adolescents and young adults after traumatic experience
War, conflict and play
Psychosocial support after traumatic experience : helpers' perspectives from different cultures
Total Hip Arthroplasty : Wear Behaviour of Different Articulations
The sound and the fury
The deeper wound : recovering the soul from fear and suffering
The sandalwood tree
Time of contempt
The unspeakable : narratives of trauma
During the 2011 EFORT Congress in Copenhagen, many interesting topics relating to tribology in total hip arthroplasty were discussed during a special day devoted entirely to the subject. EFORT decided that, given the wide interest in these discussions, publication of the presentations would be warmly welcomed by all fellow professionals who were unable to attend. This book is the result. It provides detailed information on currently used articulating materials and their wear performance. Clinical outcomes are discussed, and important new frontiers are carefully considered. The book will be of interest both to novices who want to learn more about the field and to experienced orthopaedic surgeons wishing to keep abreast of the latest developments.
Memories of traumatic events among Swedish police officers
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
Sports Injuries : Prevention, Diagnosis, Treatment and Rehabilitation
The Ethics of Remembering and the Consequences of Forgetting brings together scholars from a variety of disciplines to address intersections of trauma, history, and memory. Methodologies include personal narrative, auto-ethnography, micro-history, psychosocial studies, critical theory, psychoanalysis, film/art criticism, and historical inquiry.
This practitioner orientated book offers a key to understanding and working with survivors of childhood trauma and abuse. It offers an approach which encourages professionals to connect clients' abusive pasts with present day behaviour.
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
Computed tomography in diagnostics and treatment decisions concerning multiple trauma and critically ill patients
God help the child
Mrs Dalloway
Splinter
Contrary to the view of trauma popularized by literary theorists, Trauma and Forgiveness argues that the traumatized are capable of representing their experience and that we should therefore listen more and theorize less. Using stories and case studies, including testimonies from Holocaust survivors, as well as the victims of 'ordinary' trauma, C. Fred Alford shows that, while the traumatized are generally capable of representing their experience, this does little to heal them. He draws on the British Object Relations tradition in psychoanalysis to argue that forgiveness, which might be expected to help heal the traumatized, is generally an attempt to avoid the hard work of mourning losses that can never be made whole. Forgiveness is better seen as a virtue in the classical sense, a recognition of human vulnerability. The book concludes with an extended case study of the essayist Jean Améry and his refusal to forgive.
Medical Response to Major Incidents and Disasters : A Practical Guide for All Medical Staff
The Psychology of Extreme Traumatisation : The Aftermath of Political Repression
The link between childhood trauma and mental illness : effective interventions for mental health professionals
Hypothermia
Disaster and Psychology: an Investigation of Psychological Distress and Symptoms of rescue workers  : an literature review
Love water memory
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
Shell Shock, Memory, and the Novel in the Wake of World War I
Adult attachment partially mediates the association between childhood maltreatment and schizotypal personality
COPING WITH ILLNESS & SPECIFIC CONDITIONS. 'A week after my 50th birthday and just as our family was about to move home, something happened that changed the way I looked at life. I spoke to others about how they rebuilt their shattered worlds after very different personal traumas, emerging stronger than before. I hope our experiences, together with the latest science on resilience, will help guide all those going through tough times. This book says that it's possible not just to survive them, but to thrive. To rise.' Renowned as a much-loved and highly respected journalist and broadcaster with thirty years' experience, Sian Williams has studied the impact of acute stress for many years and is also a trained trauma assessor. In RISE, she explores the science of resilience and growth after trauma, offers advice from the experts, and learns from those who have emerged from horrific experiences, feeling changed yet stronger, with a new perspective on their life, their relationships and their work.
Tense past : cultural essays in trauma and memory
Counselling for post-traumatic stress disorder
Major trauma in Northern Finland
"This book aims to provide professionals and clinicians-in-training with the latest forms of treatment for children and adolescents who have been impacted by crises and trauma. The various treatment options presented here include approaches that focus on the individual as well as many that include a parent in conjoint or filial therapy, and others that employ a family treatment model. Many chapters in this book demonstrate the use of a variety of creative methods with young people who have suffered traumatic experiences such as sexual abuse, bullying, immigration, natural disasters, and witnessing violence"--
Dark places : a novel
Posttraumatic stress disorder : acute and long-term responses to trauma and disaster
Children, spirituality, loss and recovery
Attaching in adoption : practical tools for today's perents
All russians love birch trees
Responding to trauma : handbook based on experiences of Afghan refugee women living in Finland
The girl from the Chartreuse
The red room : stories of trauma in contemporary Korea
Children chenged by trauma : a healing guide
This collection analyses the future of 'trauma theory', a major theoretical discourse in contemporary criticism and theory. The chapters advance the current state of the field by exploring new areas, asking new questions and making new connections.Part one, History and Culture, begins by developing trauma theory in its more familiar post-deconstructive mode and explores how these insights might still be productive. It goes on, via a critique of existing positions, to relocate trauma theory in a postcolonial and globalized world, theoretically, aesthetically and materially, and focuses on non-Western accounts and understandings of trauma, memory and suffering. Part two, Politics and Subjectivity, turns explicitly to politics and subjectivity, focussing on the state and the various forms of subjection to which it gives rise, and on human rights, biopolitics and community.Each chapter, in different ways, advocates a movement beyond the sort of texts and concepts that are the usual focus for trauma criticism and moves this dynamic network of ideas forward.With contributions from an international selection of leading critics and thinkers from the US and Europe, this volume will be a key critical intervention in one of the most important areas in contemporary literary criticism and theory.
The child in the eye of the storm - unveiling the war child syndrome
The chameleon's shadow
Sibling abuse : hidden physical, emotional, and sexual trauma
Trauma and transformation : growing in the aftermath of suffering
This booklet, published in cooperation with ISAKOS, is a concise, up-to-date guide and reference on the treatment of cartilage lesions of the ankle that will be of practical clinical value for specialists in sports medicine and sports traumatology. Different techniques and the management of various lesions are described step by step, guiding the practitioner through the entire spectrum of care from evaluation of the injury to successful recovery. Chondral and osteochondral lesions of the talus can present as a consequence of repetitive ankle injuries, causing chronic pain, recurrent swelling, and weakness and stiffness of the ankle joint. An accurate early diagnosis is required, using clinical evaluation, imaging techniques, and arthroscopy of the ankle. In acute and non-displaced chondral and osteochondral lesions, conservative treatment is the mainstay. Surgery is recommended for unstable and persistent lesions and consists in several techniques focused on regeneration of the cartilage. Returning to play is possible after testing balance and proprioception, strength, range of motion, and agility.
The harmony of illusions : inventing post-traumatic stress disorder
The god of small things
Blow on a dead man’s embers
Trauma recovery after a school shooting : the role of theory-based psychosocial care and attachment in facilitating recovery
The exit
Guidelines for trauma quality improvement programmes
A fool, free
Through the eyes of a child : EMDR with children
Why people don't heal and how they can
The Ethics of Remembering and the Consequences of Forgetting : Essays on Trauma, History, and Memory
Shutter island
Trauma and self
Little black lies
Children speak : children, trauma and social work
Cognitive-behavioral therapies for trauma
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
The solitude of prime numbers
Rise : a psychological and practical first-aid kit for overcoming adversity
A practical approach to trauma : empowering interventions
Reporting on classification systems which are currently utilised in the clinical setting, this illustrated guide is an essential resource for all young clinicians and researchers of Trauma and Orthopaedics. Each chapter of the different anatomical sites and pathologies is designed to assist the decision making of the readers regarding treatment strategy as well as informed consent of their patients. Trauma and Orthopaedic Classifications: A Comprehensive Overview includes classifications relevant to both Elective Orthopaedic Practice and Orthopaedic Trauma. Clear graphic illustrations accompany the description of all different classification schemes in a comprehensive manner, together with a structured presentation of existing clinical evidence. Surgeons in training right through to senior surgeons and academic clinicians will find this book to be a key reference to formulate the right decisions in their clinical practice.
The Basic Principles of External Skeletal Fixation Using the Ilizarov and Other Devices
The taste of trauma : reflections of ageing Shoah survivors on food and how they (re)inscribe it with meaning
Bridging responses : a front-line worker's guide to supporting women who have post-traumatic stress
Kabuki. [Library edition. vol. 1]
Psychotraumatology : key papers and core concepts in post-traumatic stress
Music psychotherapy with refugee survivors of torture : interpretations of three clinical case studies
This manual provides a practical approach to operative trauma management. Written entirely by physicians who care for critically injured patients every day, the manual features a practical hands on approach to operative trauma care that represents the principles used by the faculty at the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore Maryland. The book contains innumerable practical tips and surgical pearls. It is presented in a manual format so that it fits easily into a white coat pocket, making it a portable and readily accessible reference. The Shock Trauma Manual of Operative Techniques is a valuable resource for practicing surgeons in the community who cover the Emergency Department and thus, may be called upon to provide operative therapy for trauma, residents, particularly those in whom operative trauma is not a part of their training, and fellows who are training in surgical critical care and trauma.
The timer game
Until thy wrath be past
The stranger
The Paradise guest house : a novel
The broken man
After the bombing
Trauma and orthopaedic classifications : a comprehensive overview
Magnetic resonance imaging of the intervertebral disc:post-traumatic findings and the value of diffusion-weighted MR imaging
Sharp objects : a novel
The future of testimony : interdisciplinary perspectives on witnessing
