http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9798 elk damage
elk damage moose damage
The condition of Scots pine stands in Lahemaa National Park, Estonia 25 years after browsing by moose (Alces alces)
Effects of bedrock and surficial deposit composition on moose damage in young forest stands in Finnish Lapland
Modelling the risk of moose browsing in forest plantations with neural networks
Influence by ungulates on early plant succession and forest regeneration in south Swedish spruce forests
Moose living strategies : biological features in Manchuria, and forage selection in Fennoscandia
Modelling the factors predisposing Scots pine to moose damage in artifically regenerated sapling stands in Finnish Lapland
Monoterpenes in Scots pine in relation to browsing preference by moose (Alces alces L.)
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
Susceptibility of pine to mammalian herbivores in northern Finland
The role of moose as a disturbance factor in managed boreal forests
The occurrence of moose damage was studied using data from three National Forest Inventories (NFIs) accomplished between 1986 and 2008 in Finland. The combined data included a total of 97 390 young stands. The proportion of moose damage increased from 3.6% to 8.6% between the 8th NFI (1986-1994) and the 10th NFI (2004-2008). The majority (75%) of the damage occurred in Scots pine-dominated stands. The proportion of damage was higher in aspen-dominated stands than in stands dominated by any other tree species. The tree species mixture also had a clear effect on the occurrence of damage. Pure Scots pine stands had less damage than mixed Scots pine stands, and moose damage decreased linearly with the increasing proportion of Scots pine. Stands on mineral soil had more frequent moose damage than stands on peatlands. The fertility class of the site had no straightforward effect on the damage frequency. Artificially regenerated stands had more damage than naturally regenerated stands. Accomplished soil preparation measures and the need for thinning or clearing operations increased moose damage. High proportions of moose damage in young stands were found around the country. In the 10th NFI, the largest concentration of damage was found in southwestern Finland. Our study shows the temporal and spatial changes in the occurrence of moose damage and pinpoints some important silvicultural factors affecting the relative risk of young stands over a large geographical area..
Effects of seed origin latitude on the timing of height growth cessation and field performance of silver birch
Effects of moose browsing in relation to food alternatives in Scots pine stands
Summary.
Animals as forest pests in Finnish Lapland
Abstract: Moose (Alces alces) feeding in relation to the characteristics of winter habitats and the damage in young stands.
Crowned heads in Finnish forests
Forest condition monitoring in Finland : national report 2002-2005
Moose damage in National Forest Inventories (1986-2008) in Finland
Propability of bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) in Austria
On repeated browsing of Scots pine saplings by moose (Alces alces)
Effects of density of young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stand on moose (Alces alces) browsing
The role of conifer foliage and bark in diets of Swedish moose, with special emphasis to the growing season
Biotic and abiotic forest damage in 2001
Modelling the factors predisposing Scots pine to moose damage in artificially regenerated sapling stands in Finnish Lapland
Ungulate effects on their food plants : responses depending on scale
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Interactions between a large generalist herbivore, the moose, and Scots pine
Management plan for the wild forest reindeer population in Finland
Moose browsing in a Scots pine plantation mixed with deciduous tree species
here is evidence that moose are attracted to fertile growth habitats apparently due to better quality and larger quantities of food. The nutrients in mineral soils originate from the weathering of bedrock and the composition of parental bedrock affects the fertility of produced mineral soil, thus affecting also the import of nutrients into the whole food web. We surveyed the connection between moose damage in forest plantations and the composition of bedrock and surficial deposits in Finnish Lapland. We used a database of compensated moose damage in private forests in years 1997−2010. Undamaged stands in National Forest Inventories (NFI) from years 1986-2008 served as a control data and moose-damaged NFI-stands as a reference data. Bedrock and surficial depositions and the location of studied stands in relation to ancient shorelines were explored by using the digital databases of the Geological Survey of Finland. Moose-damaged stands were concentrated in southwestern and east Lapland in the areas of the Peräpohja Schist Belt and Lapland's Greenstone Belt that are both composed of nutrient-rich rocks. The bedrock of damaged stands contained a higher proportion of mafic and alkaline rocks than did the control stands. Moose-damaged stands were pine-dominated and grew in more fertile forest sites than did control stands. Part of pine stands probably located in soils formerly occupied by spruce, which may increase the stands' vulnerability to biotic threats. Especially, there were relatively more moose damage in pine plantations regenerated on fine-grained mineral soils derived from nutrient rich rocks than in less fertile soils.
