http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p98 custody of a child
custody of a child
Critical issues in child protection in the context of post-divorce custody
Homophobia and judicial decision making in a child custody case in Sweden : no evidence of bias against lesbians and gay men
Exploring human traffiking as a public health and 'glocal' issue : future considerations and a plea for Finnish society to take action
"Does Wednesday mean mom's house or dad's?": parenting together while living apart
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
Essays on family and labor economics
Black or white
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
International documents on children
What Maisie knew
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
Residential child care : collaborative practice
The future of family property in Europe
Regulating divorce
Having and raising children : unconventional families, hard choices, and the social good
Solomonic judgements : studies in the limitations of rationality
Renegotiating family relationships : divorce, child custody, and mediation
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Principles of the law of family dissolution : analysis and recommendations
In search of a new kind of fatherhood
International movement of children : law, practice and procedure
Love walked in : a novel
Homophobia in child custody cases : an experimental study
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Out of touch : when parents and children lose contact after divorce
Sea swept
Children and parents : the relationship between children and parents according to Norwegian law
Christmas eve at Friday Harbour
Family law in Europe
Contesting childhood
Kinship foster care : policy, practice, and research
European labour law
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Joint custody with a jerk : raising a child with an uncooperative ex = a hands-on, practical quide to communicating with a difficult ex-spouse
Law and parenthood
The Nordic run
Child Custody and Right of Access Act. Child Custody and Right of Access Decree
The Hague convention on international child abduction
Bag of bones
Act on the Enforcement of a Decision on Child Custody and Visiting Rights
Justificatory conceptions behind custody agreements : bridging the legal and the real
For lesbian parents : Your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud
Custodial grandparenting : individual, cultural, and ethnic diversity
Paternity Act ; Child Maintenance Act ; Security of Child Maintenance Act ; Security of Child Maintenance Decree
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Fostering kinship : an international perspective on kinship foster care
Once I was a princess
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Turn the river
The best interests of the child : reconciling culture and human rights
Family law
Mothers without custody
Family law : cases and materials. 2004 supplement
Come with daddy : child murder-suicide after family breakdown
The purpose of this article is to examine professional practices in matemity and child health care in two countries, Finland and Scotland, concentrating on how motherhood is located in family context, on how family is defined and worked with. Subthemes analysed are the role of fathers, 'family support' fr mothers and the discussion over lone motherhood. The study was carried out through local case studies using ethnographic methods, mainly observation and interviews with health professionals. Results show that Finnish health professionals have adopted a family-oriented way of working emphasising the importance of pair relationships and shared parenthood, compared with their Scottish colleagues, who work in a more women-oriented way and emphasise the role of other women as social support fr mothers. In conclusion the two different professional orientations are connected to wider social and cultural differences between the two countries. .
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Joint custody as an interpretation of the best interests of the child in critical and comparative perspective
Nonresidential parenting : new vistas in family living
Motherhood in family context : comparing professional practices in maternity and child health care in Finland and Scotland
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
SOID - A local NGO supporting the well-being of orphans
A judgment for Solomon : the d'Hauteville case and legal experience in antebellum America
Child support handbook
Child support : the legislation
Summary.
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Frontiers of family law
Relations familiales interculturelles = Cross-cultural family relations : Séminaire interdisciplinaire juridique et anthropologique = Reports of a socio-legal seminar
Joint parental authority : a comparative legal study on the continuation of joint parental authority after divorce and the breakup of a relationship in Dutch and Danish law and the CEFL principles
Parenthood in modern society : legal and social issues for the twenty-first century
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Child custody and the politics of gender
The law relating to cohabitation
Child law
By exploring existing material on the human trafficking phenomenon, this article aims to build a rationale for future research and development on human trafficking issues. The scope of this study is placed within the context of public health and highlights child trafficking. The qualitative data analysis software ATLAS.ti 6.2 is utilized to sketch a conceptual network of human trafficking issues. A coding scheme was planned and administered where specific terms were chosen for analysis. The aim of this study is to explore the phenomenon of exploitation and human trafficking and learn the ways in which it is addressed in the context of public health. Examples of existing action against human trafficking are discussed especially in the light of child trafficking. Global partnerships will also be discussed in terms of how they fit within the UN Millennium Goal of 2015. Considerations for future action for both local Finnish society as well as South Asian society will be addressed. The preliminary findings presented suggest that the human trafficking phenomenon is multi-faceted and should be understood as a 'glocal', intertwined public health issue..
Absent fathers?
Cross currents : family law and policy in the United States and England
Child Welfare Act. Child Custody and Right of Access Act
Dividing the child : social and legal dilemmas of custody
The state of the world's children 2013 : children with disabilities
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
