http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9807 innovation policy
innovation policy
The innovation biosphere : planet and brains in the digital era
Transforming global information and communication markets : the political economy of innovation
Is technology policy practised as it is preached? : Finnish evidence
Innovation systems and innovation policy in a periphery : the case of northern Finland
Creative economy and culture in the innovation policy
Does open innovation foster productivity? evidence from open source software (OSS) firms
Knowledge networks and innovation policy
Dynamic innovation systems in the Nordic Countries? : a summary analysis and assessment
Finnish institutional innovation support policies from Russian entrepreneurs' perspective : establishing cross-border technology oriented start-up firm
The role of Skolkovo as a top priority initiative of the Russian innovation policy
Strategy programme for innovation in regional policies in the Baltic Sea Region
The problem of integrated innovation policy : analyzing the governing role of the science and technology policy council of Finland
The Ostrobothnian model of smart specialisation
The handbook of technology foresight : concepts and practice
The Finnish Model of STI Policy : experiences and guidelines : KNOGG Thematic Network WP4 country report : Finland
Design for growth & prosperity : report and recommendations of the European Design Leadership Board
Innovative Helsinki : Culminatum as a tool to govern Helsinki as a science region
Developing a broad-based innovation policy in Finland : societal opportunities confronting administrative and political challenges
The use of future-oriented knowledge in regional innovation processes : research on knowledge generation, transfer and conversion
Capabilities for innovation activities : Impact study
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Techno-economic paradigms : essays in honour of Carlota Perez
Regional innovation policy : effect on SMEs in five EU-regions
Finland, decide to succeed! : a backround polemic on innovation policy
Finland as a knowledge economy 2.0 : lessons on policies and governance
Potential of manufacturing small and medium enterprises for innovation in selected ESCWA countries
Innovation systems in Nordic tourism
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
Effects of the innovation sector on the success of forest resource governance in Russia
Assessment of the Finnish Innovation Policy Environment : the view of SMEs practising International R&D
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Science, technology and governance
Innovation policy and the economy. 5
Innovation : formation of a policy field and a policy-making practice
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Innovation, imitation, growth, and capital market imperfections
Innovation policy, academia and intellectual property rights
Lahti University of Applied Sciences on the Blue Ocean of innovation promotion
For and against? : an exploration of inadvertent influences of policies on KIBS industries in the Finnish policy setting
Skills for innovation and research
The specificities of Finnish industrial policy : challenges and initiatives at the turn of the century
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Evaluating national innovation systems : key insights from the Finnish innoeval survey
Venture capital industries and policies : some cross-country comparisons
Sustainable cities : governing for urban innovation
Economics and technological change
Challenges for European innovation policy : Cohesion and excellence from a Schumpeterian perspective
All governments strive to develop and implement policies that contribute to innovation. Both in academic research and policy circles, the concept of National Innovation Systems has represented a significant approach to industrial policy, research and development, and innovation. This book will review the development and implementation of this approach, and its strengths and weakness by considering the experience of Finland, widely regarded as a model of the information society, high-quality equal education, and systemic innovation policy amongst the Nordic welfare states, which themselves have increasingly topped the lists in national competitiveness. The first part of the book analyzes the foundations, emergence, and development of the National Innovation System approach and its adoption in Finnish science and technology policy throughout the 1990s and 2000s. In the second part of the book an alternative viewpoint to innovation and welfare policy is outlined, based on the idea of capability cultivating institutions as a key foundation, both for national welfare and competitiveness. The development of the Finnish comprehensive school and its special education system is studied in order to clarify the nature of institutional change and learning, and the conditions of governing and developing the enabling services. The concept of an enabling welfare state is developed to answer the challenges of the Nordic model of welfare in a globalizing knowledge-driven economy.
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
Consumer megatrends as drivers for policy
The dynamics of regional innovation : policy challenges in Europe and Japan
Working partnerships in higher education, industry and innovation : creating knowledge networks
Finland must take a leap towards a new innovations : innovation policy guidelines up to 2015 : summary
Optimal technology policy with imitation and risk-averting households
Technological superpower China
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Innovation policy and the economy. 4
Technology, culture, and public policy : critical lessons from Finland
The Finnish national innovation system
Is there an arctic ecosystem emerging? : Oulu region's perspective
Interest toward Arctic issues has been growing during the past years. This growing interest has not been followed by commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts. This has led to a coexistence of a variety of definitions which sometimes are almost contradictory. The essence of the Arctic in the operational agendas is hard to find considering the high frequency of the term Arctic appearing in publicly expressed strategies. In this paper, the Arctic dimension and its relevance to key actors are investigated by applying an ecosystem approach. The studied case is from the Oulu region of Finland where there has been two consecutive projects aiming at the clarification of the role of the Arctic in the region. In addition to completed projects and their reports, the researched material in this paper consists of the preparation materials of the renewal process of the Oulu Innovation Alliance. This ecosystem approach offers an interesting alternative to deepening the understanding of the Arctic positioning of participating actors. Instead of analyzing separate strategic documents of individual actors, it is reasonable to study collaborative products of the members of the innovation ecosystem. However, an additional research step is introduced by this ecosystem approach – that is, that the existence of the ecosystem needs to be verified. As easily as organizations name the Arctic as their area of interest without explicating their interpretation of the Arctic, various collaborative forms of development are labeled as an ecosystem without validating the true nature of the co-operation. Therefore, in this paper the Oulu Innovation Alliance is first analyzed from the ecosystem perspective and after that the Arctic dimension is examined. According to this brief study, the Oulu Innovation Alliance fulfills the criteria of an innovation ecosystem – the key characteristics can be found in the preparatory documentation of the renewal process. Moreover, the plans for execution and operationalization of the Oulu Innovation Alliance seem to be sufficient to ensure the realization of the planned innovation ecosystem. Finally, the planned new Oulu Innovation Alliance cannot be interpreted as an Arctic innovation ecosystem – the Arctic dimension is addressed directly or indirectly in some of the sub-ecosystems, but it is not defined as a major factor. Compared to previous attempts to specify the true valuation of the Arctic dimension from the key actors' perspective, the ecosystem approach offers a richer, deeper and more versatile view of the importance and weight of the Arctic issues. Hence, whenever it is suitable the ecosystem approach seems to be a justified research strategy when addressing these rather challenging issues.
OECD reviews of innovation policy : New Zealand
Spatial and regional development in Northern Europe
Public procurement for innovation
State of the innovation union 2011 : report from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Region
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
Summary: Regional innovation activities in Finland - current status, significance and developmental challenges.
Innovation markets and competition analysis : EU competition law and US antitrust law
Innovation policy and development in the ICT paradigm : regional and theoretical perspectives
Innovation, learning, and technological dynamism of developing countries
Building a competitive regional innovation environment : the regional development platform method as a tool for regional innovation policy
Innovation policies : an international perspective
Regional policy for smart growth in Europe 2020
Innovation pressure : reflections on my PhD studies
Rationales and instruments for public innovation policies
Strategies and promotion of innovation in regional policies around the Mare Balticum
European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) : excellence for innovation
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : full report
Innovation policies in Europe and the US : the new agenda
Dynamic innovation systems in the Nordic countries?. [Vol. 2], Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway & Sweden
Learning, capability building and innovation for development
Towards open innovation in regional innovation system : case St. Petersburg
Regional development in the Nordic countries 2010
Intellectual property strategies and firm growth : evidence from Finnish small business data
Environmental influences on the adoption of open innovation : analysis of structural, institutional and cultural impacts
Proceedings of the Participatory Innovation Conference, PIN-C 2013 : 18-20 June 2013 Lahti, Finland
Uudistummeko vain kriisien kautta = Is our renewal possible only through crisis? : Martti Ahtisaari -luento 1.12.2009
Doing capitalism in the innovation economy : markets, speculation and the state
Developing a broad-based innovation policy in Finland : societal opportunies confronting administrative and political changes
Technology policy and knowledge-based growth in small countries
Innovation in the Mid Nordic Region : overview of current state and proposals for joint initiatives
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard 2007 : innovation and performance in the global economy
Proceedings : 2nd Conference on Nordic Innovation Research, December 3-4 2007, Luleå University of Technology
Strategic development concept of transnational cooperation in the field of innovation promotion in the Via Baltica Nordica macro-region : final report
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Luxembourg
Summary.
Innovation policy and the economy. 2
Best practices in innovation policies
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Government Policy and the Demands for Economic Innovations: A Historical Example of a European Periphery
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : policy report
Governpreneurship : establishing a thriving entrepreneurial spirit in government
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Changing governance for innovation policy integration in Finland
State restructuring, urban competitiveness policies and technopole building in Finland : a critical view on the glocal state thesis
New business creation : systems for institutionalized radiacal innovation management
Public procurement, innovation and policy : international perspectives
The politics of innovation in public transport
The Russian innovation system : an international perspective
International knowledge and innovation networks : knowledge creation and innovation in medium-technology clusters
On foresight processes and performance of innovation networks
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Smart specialisation : opportunities and challenges for regional innovation policy
Capabilities for innovation activities : impact study
Network governance and the Finnish strategic centres for science, technology and innovation
Tekes, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation, is the most important  public financier for research, development and innovation in Finland. Tekes's achievement of its objectives is monitored through impact analyses and studies. This report describes how Tekes has succeeded in building capabilities for innovation activities, which is one of its key objectives. This objective is also strongly linked with those associated with competence base and internationalization of innovation activities. The given assignment was especially challenging because there are no proven methodologies available to measure the impact of public financed actions in capability building. Capabilities for innovation cannot be easily quantified but have to be observed  indirectly. Thus establishing valid causal relationship is difficult and measuring the development of innovation capabilities is prone to misinterpretations. The study was carried out by doctor Johan Wallin and his team at Synocus Ltd. A great deal of their work, as well as discussions at the steering group, was devoted to developing a conceptual model for understanding the role of development activities in innovation capability building. The evaluation team succeeded in producing a conceptual framework that serves well the evaluation of the Tekes's operations impact. The applied methodology might provide a useful tool for future analyses of innovation policy impact as well.
OECD reviews of innovation policy : South Africa
Ranking regional innovation policies : DEA-based benchmarking in a European setting
The effectiveness of financial innovation support tools : comparative study of Latvia and Finland
This book provides the first full analysis of smart specialisation strategies both at theoretical and practical levels. As a new policy approach smart specialisation has already been widely adopted in Europe and beyond. Smart Specialisation: Opportunities and Challenges for Regional Innovation Policy analyses the concept of smart specialisation, discusses the need for smart specialisation strategies, explains how the approach varies from standard policy processes and explores the necessary conditions for successful implementation. This book has been written at a critical period of the implementation of smart specialisation strategies across Europe.
Men and male as the norm? : a gender perspective on innovation policies in Denmark, Finland and Sweden
Global design watch 2010
The role of universities in regional innovation systems : a Nordic perspective
Sources of national institutional competitiveness : sensemaking in institutional change
The science of science policy : a handbook
Innovation, human capabilities, and democracy : towards an enabling welfare state
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
Regional innovation policy : effect on SMES in five EU-regions
Abstract (1 s.).
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Science, technology and innovation policies in selected small European countries
Creating collaborative advantage : innovation and knowledge creation in regional economies
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
Handbook of innovation indicators and measurement
Intermediary organisations and commercialisation of academic research
Sustainable innovation : a new age of innovation and Finland's innovation policy
Leveraging mobile media : cross-media strategy and innovation policy for mobile media communication
Government innovation policy : design, implementation, evaluation
Governments & corporations in a shrinking world : trade & innovation policies in the United States, Europe & Japan
