http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9806 warranty
warranty
Deposit insurance : theory, policy and evidence
Consequences of extended warranty
Redesigning the warranty return process
The external and internal impacts of the service guarantee : a case study of Fortum Oy
Bank guarantees in international trade
The guarantees for accused persons under article 6 of the European convention on human rights : an analysis of the application of the convention and a comparison with other instruments
This study is done as an assignment appointed by Wärtsilä Finland Oyj. The topic is limited to Warranty Management Process at Wärtsilä Finland's Customer Assistance Centre concentrating mainly on the business process change. The objective is to describe the warranty management process by using process diagrams and analyzing real life examples of warranty claims. Subsequently, these strategies would result in identification of the problematic areas and proposals for process improvement in order to cope with the new main target of Customer Assistance Centre for 2009 - to reduce the lead time of warranty claims handling. The project turned out successful with respect to the set objectives: the warranty management process was described and mapped down, problems related to generating of lead time were detected, and suggestions for improvement were listed. As a result of this study, by employing and developing the areas of improvement of the warranty management process, lead times of warranty claims will be cut down significantly, thus resulting in better services and customer satisfaction.
The handbook of international trade and finance : the complete guide for international sales, finance, shipping and administration
Customer awareness study : additional product insurances at Gigantti
Consumer guarantees : towards a European sale of goods act
Franchising : evaluation of entrepreneurs' experiences
Unconscionability and contract law
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The role of service guarantees in managing services
The export credit arrangement : achievements and challenges 1978-1998
How to price : a guide to pricing techniques and yield management
Ideological notions in public health care rationing : case studies from Oregon, New Zealand and Finland
Design-to-cost's influence on warranty
Transparency or high risks?
Guaranteeing development? : the impact of financial guarantees
On first damand guarantees in international trade
Reliability analysis of an industrial computer
Warranties and liability for defects in the international sale of goods
ICC Uniform Rules for Demand Quarantees including model forms, 2010 revison
Elsevier's dictionary of export financing and credit insurance : in English, German, and French
Factoring law and practice
Abstract (kuvailulehti). Executive summary (s. 13-21).
Essays on the theory of financial intermediation : market imperfections, the allocation of credit, deposit insurance and the transmission of external shocks
Abstract: Working Group on the Publicity ov Environmental Impact Assessments in Export Credit Guarantee Activities final report.
Intended for use by the exporter involved in international sales, finance, shipping, and administration, or for those studying for academic or professional qualifications in international trade, The Handbook of International Trade and Finance provides a full explanation of the key finance areas of international trade – including risk management, international payments and currency management. At the same time, it provides the essential information necessary to help reduce risks and improve cash flow. This fourth edition also describes the negotiating process from the perspective of both the buyer and the seller and covers trade risks and risk assessment, structured trade finance, methods and terms of payment, currency risk management and bonds, and standby letters of credit. It also has new examples, revised and updated regulations from the International Chamber of Commerce, and updated references and statistics.
Citizen's charters and compensation mechanisms : a study on citizen's charters' compensation mechanisms in OECD countries
The law relating to bail in Tanzania
Guaranteed investment contracts : risk analysis and portfolio strategies
Finnvera Plc : an international evaluation
For centuries, warranties have played a significant role in the law of marine insurance and in this book Baris Soyer offers a comprehensive and authoritative examination of warranties in marine insurance. The book sets out the current law on marine insurance warranties as well as exploring the legal remedies available when a marine insurance warranty is breached. The third edition is brought up to date with significant discussion of recent case law including: Kosmar Villa Holidays v. Trustees of Syndicate; Pratt v Aigaion Insurance Co; Argo Systems FZE v. Liberty Insurance (Pte); The Buana Dua, The Princess of the Stars, The Nancy, and Garnat Trading & Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. Baominh Insurance Corporation with a view to identifying their impact on established legal principles. The third edition also goes on to evaluate the impact of the changes that will be introduced in this area by the Insurance Act 2015. This Act will alter the warranty regime significantly but it is also expected to have an impact on other risk alteration clauses such as condition precedents, suspensory warranties and exclusion clauses. This book is essential reading for postgraduate students and academics in international commercial law and marine insurance law as well as insurers and legal practitioners.
The Youth Guarantee and lifelong guidance
Warranty management process at Wärtsilä Finland
Deposit insurance scheme and a comparison of it's features concerning likelihood of banking crises
Warranties in marine insurance
Management and Leadership in the Public Dental Service in Finland between 2003 and 2011
Credit guarantee systems for agriculture and rural enterprises development
Guarantees : standby letters of credit and other securities
Aftersales management : creating a successful aftersales strategy to reduce costs, improve customer service and increase sales
Good practices for implementing the youth guarantee in the Turku Region
Bank guarantees in international trade : the law and practice of independent (first demand) guarantees and standby letters of credit in civil law and common law jurisdictions
Political risk in credit evaluation : empirical studies and survey results
The Finnish Guarantee Board : an international evaluation
