http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9800 honeybees
honeybees Apis mellifera
The Bees : a novel
Index to Apicultural abstracts, 1950-1972. Vol. 2
The elephant and the bee
Fumble Bumble the picnic bee
Africanized honey bees and bee mites
On the fuel consumption of the honeybee (Apis mellifica L.) in flight experiments : (Contributions to the problem of insect flight). 3
A scanning electron microscope atlas of the honey bee
What if there were no bees? : a book about the grassland ecosystem
The role of factors promoting genetic diversity within social insect colonies
The little book of bees
The nature reserve Lüneburg Heath : a guide for nature lovers
More Ant and Bee
A book about bees
Trap-nesting wasps and bees: : life histories, nests and associates
Fumble the bumble-bee
Genetic variation and colony development of honey bees Apis mellifera in Kenya
A book of bees : ... and how to keep them
Bees in urban community gardens - local versus landscape determinants
The bees of the world
Biogeography and taxonomy of honeybees
A sting in the tale
Bugs & minibeasts
Honey bees : estimating the environmental impact of chemicals
The happy bee
Honey : nature's golden healer
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Bees in America : how the honey bee shaped a nation
The hive and the honey bee : a new book on beekeeping which continues the tradition of "Langstroth on the hive and the honeybee"
Social-specificity in practice
Varmints. Part one
Bumble
Bee genetics and breeding
Morphology, evolution, and host associations of bee-associated mites of the family Chaetodactylidae (Acari: Astigmata) with a monographic revision of North American taxa
Bees : a book on the biology of the bee-colony and the achievements of bee-science
A wonder of nature is about to unfold...Turn the pages to follow the miraculous little bee and its journey from flower to flower in this delightful peep-through picture book. Brought to life by the lyrical text and stunning artwork from the award-winning Britta Teckentrup, the miracle of pollination will amaze and entertain.
Fumble Bumble goest to school
The hive : the story of the honeybee and us
Haynes bee manual : the complete step-by-step guide to keeping bees
Diversity of pollinator communities in Eastern Fennoscandia and Eastern Baltics : results from pilot monitoring with Yellow traps in 1997-1998
The bees
Honey bee pests, predators, and diseases
Learn everything there is know about bees in "Amazing Bees"! From buzzing to different flowers to being a vital part of the earth's ecosystem, bees are very busy creatures.
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
Pheromones of social bees
Influence of changes in crop cultivation areas on pollen contents of honey
Save the bees with natural backyard hives : the easy and treatment-free way to attract and keep healthy bees
Virus infections and varroa mite infestations in honey bee colonies
Bird, bee & bug houses : simple projects for your garden
The complete guide to beekeeping
Insect societies
Buzz about bees
Bees in the city : the urban beekeepers' handbook
The backyard beekeeper : an absolute beginner's guide to keeping bees in your yard and garden
The world of the honeybee
The Magic School Bus: Inside a Beehive
A short history of the honey bee : humans, flowers, and bees in the eternal chase for honey
Beekeeping : a seasonal guide
Bees and wasps
Beekeeping : a beginner's guide : how to keep bees and develop your interest further
A world without bees
The honey-bee and its food-plants : with special reference to alfalfa
Bees and their role in forest livelihoods : a guide to the services provided by bees and the sustainable harvesting, processing and marketing of their products
Fumble Bumble the runaway bee
The buzz about bees : biology of a superorganism
The Thinking beekeeper : a guide to natural beekeeping in top bar hives
Detection of major mite pests of apis mellifera and development of non-chemical control of varroasis
Contribution to the knowledge of the bee fauna of Slovenia = Prispevek k poznavanju favne čebel Slovenije. 2, Hymenoptera: Apidae
Melittidae (hymenoptera: Apoidea: Anthophila) of Poland - their biodiversity and biology
Mad about minibeasts!
Why do bees buzz? : fascinating answers to questions about bees
Make a million with Ant And Bee
Bionomics of five wood-nesting solitary species of bees (Hym., Megachilidae), with emphasis on flower relationships
The natural nest of the Asian hive bee (Apis cerana) in Bangladesh : a minor field study
Insect detective
Index to Apicultural abstracts, 1950-1972. Vol. 1
Backyard bees : a guide for the beginner beekeeper
Fruitless fall : the collapse of the honey bee and the coming agricultural crisis
The social behavior of the bees : a comparative study
Improvement of the methods for detection of Varroa jacobsoni, an ectoparasitic mite of honey bee (Apis mellifera)
Acute impact on the honey bee (Apis mellifera) after treatment with powdered sugar and CO2 for the control of Varroa destructor
Bhramarotpītādharaḥ: Bees in Classical India
Bees, beekeeping, honey and pollination
The rooftop beekeeper : a scrappy guide to keeping urban honeybees
Insects
A cladistic analysis and classification of the subgenera and genera of the large carpenter bees, tribe Xylocopini (Hymenoptera: Apidae)
Happy birthday with Ant and Bee
Sweetness & light : the mysterious history of the honey bee
The new starting right with bees : a beginner's handbook on beekeeping
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
The bee book
Left and right with ant and bee
Najpiękniejsza fotografia = The most beautiful photograph ; Malowany ul = The colourful beehive
What's it like to be... a bee?
Manuka : the biography of an extraordinary honey
Regulatory anatomy of honeybee lifespan = Regulering av aldring hos honningbien
Beekeeping and sustainable livelihoods
Crops, browse and pollinators in Africa : an initial stock-taking
Evolutionary genetics of immunity and infection in social insects
Nectar and pollen plants of Oregon and the Pacific Northwest : an illustrated dictionary of plants used by honey bees
Honey bee pathology
Readers learn about the history, social structure and science behind the world of bees and honey. Includes conservation activities to assist bees in their fight against extinction.
Guide to bees & honey
Ant and Bee
Fundamentals of beekeeping
