http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p981 oboe
oboe
My very best Chrismas : 17 solos, duets and a plau-alang CD on Christmas favourites
Oboes for Christmas : 20 Christmas carols for oboes
Kuulokulmia = Perspectives : for solo oboe
Quartet for oboe and string trio : (1957/65)
Le hautbois facile = The oboe made easy. Volume 2
Along the field, On Wenlock Edge, Merciless beauty, Ten Blake songs and other songs
Foundations of oboe playing : practical tips for improving performance
Selected Ferling etudes for alto saxophone and piano
First studies for the oboe
A Tune Book for Oboe
First repertoire pieces for oboe
Rudiments of the flute, recorder and oboe
Classical and romantic pieces : for oboe and piano
Mozart in the jungle : Sex, drugs and classical music
Oboe sight-reading. 1 : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le hautbois : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Spiel auf der Oboe : eine erfrischend neue Methode
Gekeler method for oboe : vol. 2. 2.
80 graded studies for oboe. Book 2, (47-80)
Baroque music for oboe
Learn as you play oboe
The Encantadas ; Old and lost rivers ; Romances and interludes
The oboe : an outline of its history, development and construction
Woodwind anthology : a compendium of woodwind articles from the Instrumentalist. Vol. 1, Flute, oboe, bassoon
A complete method for the oboe
Phantasy : quartet for oboe,  and strings
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
Mozart in the jungle : sex, drugs, and classical music
Instrumental solos by special arrangement : Flute / Oboe : eleven songs arranged in a jazz style written-out improvisations
Rubank elementary method. Oboe
Session time for oboe : solos that expand into themselves
Solos for the oboe player [Nuottijulkaisu] : with piano accompaniment
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Flute, oboe
Woodwinds : Fundamental performance techniques
Le hautbois facile = The oboe made easy. Volume 1
Concerto for oboe, strings and basso continuo in C major : RV452=Concerto für Oboe, Streicher und Basso continuo C-dur : RV452
Gekeler method for oboe : book 1. 1.
Landscape with three people
Advanced method. 1, oboe
Schule für Oboe : Teil I, Teil II = Method for oboe
The oboe concertos of Sir William Herschel
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Oboe grades 1-3
Early Music 1993:1
Oboe art and method
Six metamorphoses after Ovid : Op. 49 : for oboe solo
Gekeler method for oboe : book one
Woodwind instruments and their history
Oboe reed styles : theory and practice
Music for oboe, 1650-1800 : a bibliography
Elementary method for oboe
The oboist's companion. Volume 3
Celebrating double reeds : a Festschrift for William Waterhouse and Philip Bate
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on flute, oboe, saxophone
Oboe fingering chart : for oboe and english horn with instrument care, notation, and a photo/diagram
Technik des Oboenspiels : eine Sammlung des gebräuchlichsten Übungsmaterials zur Bewältigung blastechnischer Probleme = The technique of oboe playing : a collection of the most common practical exercises for mastering problems of wind technique
Ten Blake songs : for voice and oboe
Symphony No. 4, Op. 34, "Requiem"
The techniques of oboe playing = Die spieltechnik der oboe = La technique du hautbois
The oboe and the bassoon
Concerto : for oboe and orchestra : K. 314 : oboe and piano
The eloquent oboe : a history of the hautboy from 1640 to 1760
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Saxophone. Grades 1-5
Canaletto -music of his time
Gekeler method for oboe : book two
Passacaglia concertante : for oboe and string orchestra
The gentle giant
Practical tutor for the oboe and the cor Anglais
Learn as you play oboe : piano accompaniment : concert pieces
Early Music 1992:1
Suite im Hexachord
The oboe
The art of oboe playing : problems and techniques of oboe reedmaking
Introducing the oboe : preliminary book :  a premilinary text for beginning homogeneous or heterogeneous band classes
Phantasy : quartet for oboe, violin, viola and violoncello
Orchestral studies : 990 difficult passages from the symphonic repertoire : for oboe and cor anglais : Volume III
Accelerando : Oboenschule für das Grundschulalter = An introduction to the oboe for primary school children
Sonata for oboe and piano
What happened? : self-reflective evaluation of an action research project in oboe teaching
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Oboe
80 graded studies for oboe. Book 1, (1-46)
Oboe unbound : contemporary techniques
Folk music for shepherd's flute : hungarian and romanian tunes arranged for recorder, flute, clarinet, oboe, tarogato or saxophone
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Oboe grades 4-5
Principles of the flute, recorder & oboe
Orchester-Probespiel : Oboe : Sammlung wichtiger Passagen aus der Opern- und Konzertliteratur = Test pieces for orchestral auditions : oboe : excerpts from the operatic and concert repertoire
The oboist's companion. Volume 1
A book of scales for the oboe
Oboemotions : what every oboe player needs to know about the body
Niederländische Doppelrohrblattinstrumente des 17. und 18. Jahrhunderts : Sammlung = Dutch double reed instruments of the 17th and 18th centuries : Collection Haags Gemeentemuseum
Die schönsten Oboensoli aus den Kirchenkantaten : bearbeitet für Oboe (Oboe d'amore) und Orgel oder Cembalo (Klavier) = The most beautiful oboe solos from the church cantatas : arranged for oboe (oboe d'amore) and organ or harpsichord (piano)
The oboist's companion. Volume 2
Elementary method : oboe
First book of oboe solos
Rubank elementary method : Oboe
