http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9828 European Union countries
European Union countries EU countries
Innovation and regional growth in the European Union  : advances in spatial science
This text underlines the changes that have occurred in the environment and socio-economic context to help explain many of the environmental trends that have been observed. New threats, which challenge piecemeal solutions and call for integrated strategic measures at European and global levels, are described.
Communication services : annual statistics
Innovation Union competitiveness report 2013 : Comission staff working document
A decade of transition
Economic impact of occupational safety and health in the member states of the European Union
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Buying defence and security in Europe : the EU defence and security procurement directive in context
Soil quality assessment : state of the art report on soil quality : final report to the Commission of the European Communities Directorate-General XII - Science, Research and Development Directorate E - Environment and Non-Nuclear Energy Contract EV4A/0008/NL
The European union : key figures
Free movement in Europe : past and present
European youth policy regarding active youth participation in the local decision-making process
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Immigration policy in Europe : the politics of control
Europe recast : a history of European Union
Changing family policies in the member states of the European Union
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
EU law : directions
Education and training : statistical bulletin
National courts and EU Environmental Law
The European Research Council
Chronicles : on our troubled times
Kielenoppija tänään = Language learners of today
Human rights and European law : building new legal orders
Land & EU accession : review of the transitional restrictions by new member states on the acquisition of agricultural real estate
The common European law of torts. Volume 1
Professional sports and gambling regulation in Finland : examining the institutional factors of gambling affecting professional sport clubs in Finland
Liner shipping and EU competition law
European Union accession and land tenure data in Central and Eastern Europe
Import process of ready-made garments from Bangladesh to Finland
Pension Systems and Labour Mobility : Portability of Pensions in EU
Key data on teaching languages at school in Europe : 2008 edition
Selected aspects of monetary integration
Pension schemes and pension projections in the EU-27 member states 2008-2060
Policy harmonized approach for the EU agricultural sector modelling
Using social media to boost Indo-European research & innovation
From internal market regulation to European labour law
EU competition policy and the consumer
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
All out war : the full story of how Brexit sank Britain's political class
Your social security rights when moving within the European Union : a practical guide
The European Commission’s Social Business Initiative in Terms of Finland : Evaluating the Strengths and Weaknesses of the Social Business Initiative in Relation to Finland’s Environment for Social Entrepreneurship
The impact of VAT and intrastat obligations on SMEs / [editor: Ben Patterson]
The governance report 2015.
Political integration and northern dimension of EU order
Managing risks in the European periphery debt crisis : lessons from the trade-off between economics, politics and the financial markets
Key data on education in the European Union
Turkey on the way to Europe -the other in Europe's/EU's discourses
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
The EU is at a crossroads. Should it choose the path towards protectionism or the path towards free trade?
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
European lifelong guidance policies : progress report 2013-14 : a report on the work of the European Lifelong Guidance Policy Network 2013-14
Implications of demographic ageing in the enlarged EU in the domains of quality of life, health promotion and health care : final report
Economic and social features of households in the member states of the European Community
Guide to the European citizens' initiative
Emissions trading as a policy instrument : evaluation and prospects
Quite often the debate over immigrants in various EU countries occupies a central space in public opinion, especially when it comes to the issue of illegal migration, which at the same time constitutes one of the major challenges for the governments of these countries. However, the so-called “gateway countries” occupy a crucial position in this debate since they have continuously faced critical situations with respect to illegal migratory fluxes during the last 10 years. One of these countries is Italy, an industrial giant with one of the largest labour markets in the EU..
International auditing harmonisation : environmental factors affecting audit exemption thresholds in European Union
Quarterly panorama of European business statistics
The Challenges of creativity: cultural industries and cultural policy in Europe
Women in the ECE region : a call for action : highlights of the ECE high-level regional preparatory meeting for the fourth world conference on women
The sustainability of renewable energy in Europe
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Political undercurrents of the Ukraine conflict : the reshaping of power relationships in Europe
Since 1992, the European Union has put liberalisation at the core of its energy policy agenda. This aspiration was very much in line with an international political economy driven by the neo-liberal (Washington) consensus. The central challenge for the EU is that the energy world has changed, while the EU has not. The rise of Asian energy consumers (China and India), more assertive energy producers (Russia), and the threat of climate change have securitized the IPE of energy, and turned it more 'realist'. The main research question is therefore: 'What does a liberal actor do in a realist world?' The overall answer as far as the EU is concerned is that it approaches energy challenges as a problem of market failure: imperfect competition on the supply side; inadequate supply of public goods on the demand side and in terms of infrastructure; and large externalities that arise both from non-energy events and from large-scale consumption of fossil fuels. 'A Liberal Actor in a Realist World' assesses the changing nature of the global political economy of energy and the European Union's response, and the external dimension of the regulatory state.
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Rural development in the EU : statistical and economic information : report
The principal motive behind writing this Bachelor’s thesis is to uncover the importing procedures of garments and related items from an Asian country (Bangladesh) to a European country (Finland). Finnish market situation is also observed in order to understand the demand of Bangladesh ready-made garments. In theoretical framework, materials for instances books, articles published in Internet and already written thesis have been used. Supervisor’s guidance in preparing this thesis has been an inevitable part. The market is cut throat competition and factors that are responsible in dragging the business down and promoting need be precisely comprehended. A part from competition issues, business venture needs to analyze the legal procedures, tax issues, corporate social responsibility and last but not the least customer satisfaction. The very basic concept of writing this thesis is to basically focus on issues on import procedure, customs duties, how a noncommunity products becomes a community products and gets free movement status, how shipment is done and who is responsible, the most risk free payment against goods, what can be legal treatment in case contract is breached. Theoretical framework is reinforced by empirical art of work and findings will be submitted to the stakeholders and general public those who are interested in international business. All business activities a company does is to satisfy the customer’s demand by adding higher value in the products thru different ways, bringing them in proper market and selling them in time. Most importantly, the customer’s trend is changing day by day and this trend may bring company’s success and failure. 21st century is the customers’ era as well as the hightech era. Business institutions want products, as early as possible in a named place so there is need of third party like Nefin Trading, that provides goods wherever and whenever it is felt necessary. Such company guarantees the quality of product and reasonable price. Furthermore, Nefin Trading is committed to complying with applicable law. As part of CSR, Nefin Trading is also determined to what it can do to keep the environment intact.
Panorama of European Union trade : data 1999-2006
The demographic situation in the European Union
EU and NATO relations with Russia : after the collapse of the Soviet Union
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Social protection in the member states of the Union : situation on .... and evolution
Raising EU R&D intensity : improving the effectiveness of the mix of public support mechanisms for private sector research and development
Sprachliche Folgen der EU-Erweiterung = Linguistic consequences of the EU-enlargement = Conséquences linguistiques des l'élargisement de l'UE
EU youth report
Euro-sceptism and radical right-wing voting in Europe, 2002-2008 : social cleavages, socio-political attitudes and contextual characterisics determing voting for the radical right
What can the European Ombudsman do for you? : an overview of the Ombudsman's work and how he could help you
Annual energy review
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
An agenda for the Western Balkans : from elite politics to social sustainability
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Agriculture, forestry and fishery statistics : 2016 edition
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
This book investigates the EU's regional growth dynamics and, in particular, the reasons why peripheral and socio-economically disadvantaged areas have persistently failed to catch up with the rest of the Union. It shows that the capability of the knowledge-based growth model to deliver its expected benefits to these areas crucially depends on tackling a specific set of socio-institutional factors which prevents innovation from being effectively translated into economic growth. The book takes an eclectic approach to the territorial genesis of innovation and regional growth by combining different theoretical strands into one model of empirical analysis covering the whole EU-25. An in-depth comparative analysis with the United States is also included, providing significant insights into the distinctive features of the European process of innovation and its territorial determinants. The evidence produced in the book is extensively applied to the analysis of EU development policies.
EU enlargement and the common agricultural policy : the case of Slovenia
Europe's energy position : annual report
Social protection in the EU - a post-state, post-welfare ambition?
"In the global financial crisis, competitiveness gaps between euro area countries caused additional strain. This book discusses the various dimensions of competitiveness, with a special focus on emerging Central, Eastern and Southeastern European countries. For Europe to proceed with convergence and to resist global competitive pressures, it argues that policies to boost productivity and innovation are vital. With products becoming ever more technically sophisticated and global interconnectedness on a relentless rise, it also demonstrates that quality, customer orientation and participation in global production networks and global value chains are at least as important as relative costs and prices."--
Principles of European insurance contract law (PEICL)
The process of territorial cohesion in Europe
The architecture of European codes and contract law
Crossing frontiers in teacher education : a comparison of teacher competences as a starting point
Social protection in the member states of the European Union : situation on .... and evolution
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
The euro : the battle for the new global currency
Europe's long energy journey : towards an energy union?
European churches confronting poverty : social action against social exclusion
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
Fixed income trading strategies : interest rate derivatives
This book demonstrates that the much-needed global shift in energy production and use must happen at a territorial level in order to be truly successful and sustainable. This book enables regional implementation efforts by connecting broad EU environmental policies with plans for action at the territorial level, analysing efficient resource allocation and cost effectiveness to achieve national objectives. Each EU Member State is considered in depth, in order to identify the opportunities and challenges of this regional approach. The regional dimension of the authors' analysis refers to the territorial level NUTS 1 (Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) that, starting from the administrative borders of the EU countries, divides the territory into 97 regions on the basis of major socio-economic characteristics. Because the model of the EU "green economy" is characterized typically by top-down interventions that focus exclusively on the resource productivity and investment business, its practical implementation can be de-railed. This book provides the pivotal missing piece- the detailed territorial comparative analysis necessary to obtain an optimal energy mix of renewable energy sources (RES), energy conservation and energy efficiency characteristics of each specific local context.
Employment observatory. Trends
The static welfare effects of the accession to the European Union on the Finnish agricultural markets
Comparative analysis of a formation of a contract in USA, Russia and EU
Heading south, seeking the north : the issue of illegal migratory fluxes to Italy, and from Italy to northern Europe
Security after march 11.
Principles of European antitrust enforcement
Survey on state aids in the European Community in the manufacturing and certain other sectors
EU-Russia relations, 1999-2015 : from courtship to confrontation
The politics of persuasion : should lobbying be regulated in the EU?
The paper estimates the Monetary Condition Indices (MCIs) for three EU accession countries: the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia and assesses the relative importance of interest rates and of the exchange rate in the transmission of monetary policy.The calculated MCI ratios indicate that the exchange rate has surprisingly little influence on the Slovakian economy.The MCI ratio for the Czech Republic is very much comparable to that of small EU countries.Poland seems to be extremely sensitive to changes in the exchange rate.However, estimations appear to be quite sensitive to different specifications, and therefore should be treated with caution. Key words: Monetary policy, Monetary Condition Index, the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia .
The European Union : a beginner's guide
Sensitive data protection in the European Union
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
Wages and incomes : rapid information
Social protection : rapid information
The European Union's dependency on Russian natural gas and oil supplies from a supplier obstructionism perspective
Meat export competitiveness of European Union countries on global markets
The economic accounts of the European Union
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
A liberal actor in a realist world : the European Union regulatory state and the global political economy of energy
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Policy harmonized (PH) approach allows for the quantitative assessment of the impact of various elements of EU CAP direct support schemes, where the production effects of direct payments are accounted through reaction prices formed by producer price and policy price add-ons. Using the AGMEMOD model the impacts of two possible EU agricultural policy scenarios upon beef production have been analysed - full decoupling with a switch from historical to regional Single Payment scheme or alternatively with re-distribution of country direct payment envelopes via introduction of EU-wide flat area payment. The PH approach, by systematizing and harmonizing the management and use of policy data, ensures that projected differential policy impacts arising from changes in common EU policies reflect the likely actual differential impact as opposed to differences in how “common” policies are implemented within analytical models. In the second section of the paper the AGMEMOD model's structure is explained. The policy harmonized evaluation method is presented in the third section. Results from an application of the PH approach are presented and discussed in the paper's penultimate section, while section 5 concludes.
Gaining and proving yourself in social competence : the ATLAS way
Bulletin on women and employment in the EC
The hidden liabilities : meaning and consequences : an inquiry into the hidden liabilities of basic pension schemes in twelve EU-member states : revised version of a paper presented at the CPB seminar series, November 26th 1996, The Hague
National human rights institutions in the EU member states : strengthening the fundamental rights architecture in the EU I
Energy for a new century : the European perspective
Private enforcement of antitrust law in the EU, UK and USA
Summary.
Perspectives on second-generation immigrants
Higher education policies in the EU and in the People's Republic of China : a comparative approach
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
Education and training : rapid information
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
Routledge handbook of European politics
Environmental policy in the European Union
Insurance in Europe
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
The economic and social situation of the Community
Corporate social responsibility as an intergovernmental policy agenda : public policy developments and challenges at the European Union level
Governing European diversity
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
Boosting European competitiveness : the role of CESEE countries
Female genital mutilation in the European Union and Croatia : report
Analytical guide of the changes suggested by Directive 2006/42/EC on the safety of machies
Facts through figures : Eurostat yearbook at a glance
Populism, media and education : challenging discrimination in contemporary digital societies
"Zero-base-budgeting" : the options for using this method in selected member states of the European Union
Freedom of association of workers and employers in the coutries of the European union
Resolving controversy in the European Union : legislative decision-making before and after enlargement
Diaconia against poverty and exclusion in Europe : challenges, contexts, perspectives
Physical activity and health in Europe : evidence for action
Legal capacity in Europe : a call to action to governments and to the EU
Population : statistical bulletin
Selected issue
The effect of EU Digital Agenda on the ICT sector in Finland
Europe's environment : the fourth assessment
Adult education policy in the European Union during the Lisbon decade : the shift to vocational adult learning and work skills matching
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
The crisis in Ukraine and the Russian annexation of Crimea have prompted the European Union to examine their energy options. While Europe's dependence on Russian natural gas supplies looms large as a major liability for Europe, Russia's dependence on the $100 billion income from gas exports may deal Europe a stronger hand. Seeking clarity about the current conflict and its energy implications - and responding to the urgent need to critically analyze Europe's short-to-medium term prospects for safely and reliably importing future energy supplies from sources other than Russia - this book examines the major elements of the European energy equation, contextualizing them within the disorderly breakup of the Soviet Union, post-Soviet developments in Eastern Europe and the current geopolitical topography of the continent. Accessible and jargon-free, this book asks how and why Ukraine has emerged as the cockpit of a geopolitical contest that has been festering for nearly two decades, and offers insight into the view from Moscow. Finally, it examines Europe's energy options outside of Russia, assessing each not only in terms of technical feasibility and possible lead-time, but also, crucially, in terms of the added costs and geopolitical implications of altering supplies and suppliers, ranging from the continental United States to West Africa to the Eastern Mediterranean to Turkmenistan and possibly even Iran.
Old-age pension reforms in the EU-15 countries at a time of retrenchment
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Analysis of the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Pure economic loss in Europe
The European Union and the use of military force : uncovering the myths
Practise what you preach : the prospects for visa freedom in Russia-EU relations
Helping to create an entrepreneurial culture : a guide on good practices in promoting entrepreneurial attitudes and skills through education
EC law and the sovereignty of the member states in direct taxation
Founded in 2007 to fund basic research, the European Research Council (ERC) has become the most revered instrument in European science policy and one of the world s most important focal points for the funding of scientific research. Its grants are much sought-after by researchers and scholars and it is widely considered to have had a major impact on research communities and institutions across Europe. How did this remarkable organization, the creation of which was widely regarded as a miracle , come into being, what has it achieved and how is it likely to adapt in the face of current and future challenges? This book is the first comprehensive history of the creation and development of the ERC. Drawing on first-hand knowledge, Thomas Konig gives a detailed account of how a group of strong-minded European scientists succeeded in creating the ERC by pushing for a single goal: more money for scientific research with fewer strings attached. But he also shows how this campaign would have failed had it not been taken up by skilful officials of the European Commission, who recognized the ERC as a way to gain more influence in shaping European science policy. Once established, the ERC developed a carefully crafted self-image that emphasized its reliance on peer review and its differences from all other EU research programmes.
Is privatization of education beneficial for Morocco? : evaluation of Morocco's privatization policy on the basis of a cross-sectional study of quality of education in public and private schools in Casablanca
Europe's new political engine : Germany's role in the EU's foreign and security policy
European business
Preventing absenteeism at the workplace : research summary
UNECE countries in figures
Basic statistics of the European Union : comparison with the principal partners of the Union
Service provision for detainees with problematic drug and alcohol use in police detention : a comparative study of selected countries in the European Union = Predostavlenie obsluživaniâ licam, stradaûŝim narkotičeskoj i alkogol'noj zavisimost'û pri ih soderžanii pod stražej v policii : sravintel'noe issledovanie v otdel'nyh stranah Evropejskogo Soûza
EU annual report on human rights 2008
The purpose of this research is to provide insight into the export competitiveness of meat products of the European Union (EU-27) member states on global markets. The revealed comparative advantage index is used to analyze the levels, compositions, and evolutions in patterns of development in the export competitiveness of meat products and their levels of stability at the product level. Except for some niche meat products, a larger number of the EU-27 member states have experienced comparative disadvantages on global markets over the analysed years of 2000 to 2011. The revealed comparative advantages on the global markets are the most robust for Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland, Cyprus and Hungary. The revealed comparative advantage indices and their survival rates differ across the meat product groups. The heterogeneity in export competitiveness of the EU-27 member states suggests the importance of the differentiation of meat products in competitive export specialization on global markets.
Population statistics
Social policy in the European Union
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
Islam in inter-war Europe
Competition and regulation in shipping and shipping related industries
Crisis in the Eurozone
The social and economic consequences of abolishing "duty free" within the European Union : arguments for a full report
Child abduction within the European union
Work your way around the world
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
European Health Indicators : development and initial implementation : final report of the ECHIM project
Powering Europe : Russia, Ukraine, and the energy squeeze
Social portrait of Europe
Dividing the EU with Energy? : Unpacking Russia ́s energy geoeconomics
The evolution of EU law
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
Single market to social Europe : the European Community in the 1990s
Abstract: National legislatures and EU governance.
HIV/AIDS as a transnational health care issue : migrants in the European Union
The European Union : economics, policies and history
Delivery of European Cross-Border Health Care and the Relevance and Effects of EU Regulations and Judicial Processes with Reference to Delivery of Drugs and Blood Donor Information Material.
Abstract.
Evaluation for improving student outcomes : messages for quality assurance policies
Statistics in focus. Regions
Production and use of industrial robots
The Rome I Regulation on the law applicable to contractual obligations
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Pre-contractual information duties
Judicial transformations : the rights revolution in the courts of Europe
Since the Treaty of the European Union was ratified in 1993, the European Union has become an important factor in an ever-increasing number of regimes of pooled sovereignty. This Handbook seeks to present a valuable guide to this new and unique system in the twenty-first century, allowing readers to obtain a better understanding of the emerging multilevel European governance system that links national polities to Europe and the global community. Adopting a pan-European approach, this Handbook brings together the work of leading international academics to cover a wide range of topics such as: the historical and theoretical backgroundthe political systems and institutions of both the EU and its individual member nationspolitical parties and party systemspolitical elitescivil society and social movements in European politicsthe political economy of Europepublic administration and policy-makingexternal policies of the EU.
Social protection : statistical bulletin
Areas under vines : results of the annual surveys
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Consumer spending patterns in the European Community
Monthly panorama of European business
Payment systems in the European Union : addendum incorporating ... figures
Repairing the irreparable : state compensation to crime victims in the European Union
Struggle for diversity of languages in a harmonising European context - new tasks for teacher education
This book argues that further Europeanization of energy policy is needed; it will help increase continent-wide economies of scale, remove national distortions from the energy market and prevent some EU states free-riding on the emission reduction efforts of other states.
Your social security rights when moving within the European Union : update 2002
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
The EU and emerging markets
ECDC scientific advice on seasonal influenza vaccination of children and pregnant women
Buying Defence and Security in Europe is the first critical evaluation of the EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive 2009/81/EC, which is now the basis for public and private entities buying armaments and sensitive goods and services in the EU. This instrument aims to ensure non-discrimination, competition and transparency in the security sectors. Part one provides a critical analysis of the economical, historical, political, military-strategic and legal contexts of the new EU Defence and Security Procurement Directive. Part two covers the main aspects of the Directive: its scope, procedures, security of supply and information, offsets and subcontracting, and finally its review and remedies system. This book is an essential overview of a legislative milestone in the field.
EU drug markets report : strategic overview
