http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9831 aircraft carriers
aircraft carriers
Jane's naval airpower: [the complete history from 1914 to the present day]
Jane's war at sea, 1897-1997
The encyclopedia of ships
Aircraft carriers of the world, 1914 to the present : an illustrated encyclopedia
The Bridges at Toko-ri
Historic naval aircraft : from the pages of Naval history magazine
The lost pilot : a memoir
Detail & Scale 39 : The USS Enterprise. 39
Detail & Scale 34 : USS America. 34
Aircraft carriers : the world's greatest naval vessels and their aircraft
The directory of the world's weapons
"On 6 April 1945, a Japanese kamikaze pilot breaks cloud at 3,000 feet, near the island of Ishigaki. He plunges his Suisei divebomber into a fatal dive at the Royal Navy aircraft carrier HMS Illustrious. On the signals deck, Chief Petty Officer W. T. Holman sees him coming, he has just seconds to live. Intense and accurate fire from the ship blows the plane off course; it crashes into the sea. Its 1,000-pound bomb explodes beside the great ship in the nearest of near-misses. Later in life, Jeffrey Paparoa Holman begins to ask questions: Why did his father live and that pilot die? Who was the pilot and did he have any family who survived him? What was the meaning of such an odds-against moment of war? The answers lead Jeffrey into the heart of a troubled relationship with his father, combat veteran, alcoholic and problem gambler; into his past and his wartime marriage; to the names and faces of the six kamikaze who died that day in 1945; and, in 2011, to miraculous and deeply moving meetings with Japanese brothers of those aircrew, old men who welcome him into their homes like a long-lost family member"--Cover flap.
See inside ships
Detail & Scale 42 : USS John F. Kennedy
U.S. aircraft carriers : an illustrated design history
Detail & Scale 29 : USS Lexington. 29
The warship in history
Modern air combat : The aircraft, tactics and weapons employed in aerial warfare today
The escort carrier in the Second World War : combustible, vulnerable, expendable!
Ship spotter's guide
The illustrated directory of Warships from 1860 to the present day
Carrier : fortress at sea
Carrier Power vs. Fighting Ship. 2
Kummituslaiva = Wing and a prayer
United States naval aviation patches : aircraft carriers, carrier air wings, support establishments
Warbirds of the sea : a history of aircraft carriers & carrier-based aircraft
Twenty-first century warships : surface combatants of today's navies
The rise and fall of the aircraft carrier
Warship. [Volume XXXV], 2013
The aircraft carrier Intrepid
The history of the world's warships
Modern submarines
Carrier war
Aircraft carriers : cutaway illustrations, performance specifications, mission reports
Transport aircraft and specialized carriers
The navy of to-day
Conway's history of the ship. [11], Navies in the nuclear age : warships since 1945
Naval firepower
The century of warfare. Volume 10, The war at sea: 1939-1945 ; Air war: 1939-1945
Aircraft carriers
Jane's fighting ships 1986-87 : the standard reference of the world's navies
