http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9834 malts
malts
Brewed awakening : behind the beers and brewers leading the world's craft brewing revolution
Annual variations in the microflora of some varieties of Finnish malting barley
"Pair beer and food like a pro. Beer has re-claimed its place at the dinner table. Yet unlike wine, there just aren't many in-depth resources to guide both beginners and beer geeks for pairing beer with food. Julia Herz and Gwen Conley are here to change that.As you start your journey, you'll learn all about the effects aroma, taste, preference, and personal experience can have on flavor. Just as important, you'll become a tasting Anarchist--throw out the conventional advice and figure out what works for you! Then, on to the pairing. Begin with beer styles, start with your favorite foods, or join the authors on a series of wild palate trips. From classics like barbecue ribs with American Brown Ale to unusual matches like pineapple upside-down cake with Double India Pale Ale, you'll learn why some pairings stand the test of time and you'll find plenty of new ideas as well. With complete information for planning beer dinners and cooking with beer, tips from pro brewers, and geek-out science features, Julia and Gwen will make sure you never look at beer--or food--the same way again!"--
"A resource guide for both beginners and beer geeks explaining beer styles and characteristics, taste elements, interactions, and providing specific food pairings"--
Great American craft beer : a guide to the nation's finest beers and breweries
Fermented beverage production
The complete encyclopedia of wine, beer and spirits
Role of lipids in barley malting and during use malt
Scotch ale
Abstract.
"A "beer lover's guide, including more than 100 types to know, arranged style by style"--Jacket.
The beer bible
Beer and Britannia : an inebriated history of Britain
Malt : a practical guide from field to brewhouse
"Wood & Beer: A Brewer's Guide covers the history, physiology, microbiology and flavor contributions of wood, as well as the maintenance of wooden vessels. This book is about both wood and beer, and the mysteries that arise when the two come together"--
The biotechnology of malting and brewing
The first economic analysis of the beer market and brewing industry, this volume examines the history and consumption of beer, industrial organisation, and new beer markets. It presents global developments as well as country studies from Europe, the US, China, Russia, and India.
Improvement of malting quality of barley by complementing the malt enzyme spectrum
The homebrewer's companion
German wheat beer
Malt limit dextrinase and its importance in brewing
Michael Jackson's beer companion
The ultimate encyclopedia of wine, beer, spirits & liqueurs
Beer : the ultimate world tour
Elsevier's dictionary of barley, malting and brewing in six languages : German, English/American, French, Danish, Italian, Spanish
Panimoravintola Koulu : brewery, restaurant, malt, hops, brewing company
Classic bottled beers of the world. Classic of the world
The brewmaster's table : discovering the pleasures of real beer with real food
The wine, beer, & spirits handbook : a guide to styles and service
"A book with more than 75 recipes from an internationally acclaimed chef/brewer duo dedicated to elevating and pairing beer with high-end dining. The debut book by Danish gypsy brewer Jeppe Jarnit-Bjergs of the bar T rst, and Canadian chef Daniel Burns of the Michelin-starred restaurant Luksus -- both in a shared space in Greenpoint, Brooklyn where they elevate beer to the level of wine in fine dining. With a dialogue running throughout the book, Food & Beer examines the vision and philosophy of this duo at the forefront of a new gastronomic movement. With a stunning, bold aesthetic, the design will highlight the dual visions of the authors and the spaces -- T rst, which is more rustic and relaxed, and Luksus, which is more sleek and refined. Foreword by internationally renowned chef Ren e Redzepi, co-owner of Noma in Copenhagen." --
Brewing lager beer : the most comprehensive book for home- and microbrewers
Home brewed beers and stouts : how to brew superb ales, beers, lagers and stouts from kits, malt, malt extract and dried malt extract
Beer pairing : the essential guide from the pairing pros
Barley & malt committee. Report on field trials 1986 (malted Jan./Febr. 1987), vol. 37.
Detection and characterisation of Fusarium hydrophobins inducing gushing in beer
The New Brewer
Fermentation of milk and cereal products by probiotic bacteria
Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) cultivar identification by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of hordein proteins: Cultivar
Traditional and improved fermentation technology of borde, a cereal-based Ethiopian beverage
Beer, food, and flavor : a guide to tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
The Oxford companion to beer
Brewing microbiology : managing microbes, ensuring quality and valorising waste
Malting and brewing science : volume 1 : malt and sweet wort
The development of China' s beer market since 1990's
Liquid bread : ber and brewing in cross-cultural perspective
Beer, food, and flavor : tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
The New brewer
Laboratory manufactore and comparison of ginger (Zingiber officinale Roscoe) beer quality
The sommelier prep course : an introduction to the wines, beers, and spirits of the world
Finland's indigenous beer culture
"Tasting notes, menus, and recipes to guide craft beer aficionados and beginners alike in coupling their favorite beers and foods. 'Yes, great beer can change your life,' writes chef Schuyler Schultz in 'Beer, Food, and Flavor.' Here is your authoritative guide to exploring the diverse array of flavors found in craft beer--and the joys of pairing those flavors with great food to transform everyday meals into culinary events. Armed with the precise tasting techniques and pairing strategies offered inside, participating in the growing craft beer community is now easier than ever. 'Beer, Food, and Flavor' will enable you to learn about the top craft breweries in your region, seek out new beer styles and specialty brews with confidence, create innovative menus, and pair craft beer with fine food, whether at home or while dining out."--
The chemistry of beer
Brewing microbiology
300 beers to try before you die!
New brewing lager beer : the most comprehensive book for home- and microbrewers
Technology brewing and malting
Brewing : science and practice
The homebrewer's garden : how to easily grow, prepare, and use your own hops, brewing herbs, malts
Scientific principles of malting and brewing
Beers of the world
Mikrobit muokkaavat ohramaltaan ominaisuuksia = Microbes in the tailoring of barley malt properties
Barley science : recent advances from molecular biology to agronomy of yield and quality
Small-scale brewing
Microbes in the tailoring of barley malt properties
Lipopolysaccharides of anaerobic beer spoilage bacteria of the genus Pectinatus
The world encyclopedia of beer
The economics of beer
Zn, P and ATP in the sediments of two lakes in South Finland
