http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9839 commercialisation (spontaneous process)
commercialisation (spontaneous process)
Economics, competition and academia : an intellectual history of sophism versus virtue
The university in chains : confronting the military-industrial-academic complex
The price of death : the funeral industry in contemporary Japan
Markets and market liberalization : ethnographic reflections
The commodification of childhood : the children's clothing industry and the rise of the child consumer
A wooden horse in the archaeological site of Troy, Plastic 'Greek' statues on the seabed, resin columns at the Roman Forum, painted copies of Altamira and Lescaux grottos, Tutankhamun's tomb in a casino of Las Vegas, fake Roman fortresses with legionnaires and gladiators, 'Etruscan' vases in a hotel in Milan, Valentino's creations on display in a Roman monument, voyeuristic attractions at Pompeii, ancient and new thermal baths with Roman-style treatments, 'real' Roman wines produced in archaeological sites, and shows, plays of light, cocktails and fashion parades, a lottery for spending winter solstice at Newgrange...Museums and archaeological areas host all the contradictions of late modern society. Consumerism, media, advertising and virtual reality transform the relationships between archaeology, tourism, collective imagery and political identity. We are witnesses to the success of archistar museums, 'event' exhibitions, sensorial and virtual tourism, archaeotrekking and archaeodiving, even tourism of the non-existent. Authenticity itself takes on a different meaning when finds and monuments are not original or are exhibited in theme parks, hotels or subway stations. This book is an innovative, critical and stimulating appraisal of the situation.
Free culture : how big media uses technology and the law to lock down culture and control creativity
Agency relationship in Global Venture Lab
Municipal entrepreneurialism and the commercialization of the Finnish water sector
Creative enterprise : contemporary art between museum and marketplace
Semiotics of pride and profit: interrogating commodification in indigenous handicraft production
Selling yoga : from counteculture to pop culture
China with a cut : globalisation, urban youth and popular music
Science in the private interest : has the lure of profits corrupted the virtue of biomedical research?
High price : art between the market and celebrity culture
Childhood and consumer culture
Religions as brands : new perspectives on the marketization of religion and spirituality
The leisure industries
Sports journalism : context and issues
Universities in the marketplace : the commercialization of higher education
Global education inc. : new policy networks and the neo-liberal imaginary
Sacred exchanges : images in global context
Buying in or selling out? : the commercialization of the American research university
Science-mart : privatizing American science
Kellogg on biotechnolgy : thriving through integration
Modern art : a very short introduction
Education, Inc. : turning learning into a business
Against commodification : experience, authenticity, utopia
Commercialisation of advanced therapies : a study of the EU regulation on advanced therapy medical products
Sport as a business : international, professional and commercial aspects
The managed heart : commercialization of human feeling
Constraining public libraries : the World Trade Organization's General Agreement on Trade in Services
Successful real estate and site development : a systematic deduction of key success factors for a favourable commercialzation of hardly marketable projects
Born to buy : the commercialized child and the new consumer culture
Commercialization at Finnish universities : researchers' perspectives on the motives and challenges of turning science into business
Enterprise : entrepreneurship and innovation : concepts, contexts and commercialization
In today's global digital world, journalists are required to be cognizant of ethical and cultural issues beyond usual national boundaries. Drawing on global examples, this text examines international journalism through the authors' wide variety of cultural, educational, teaching and learning backgrounds, including their professional and practical experiences. While existing books tend to be more focused on specific regions or specific aspects of journalism, this book addresses in a comprehensive way journalism across cultures from a truly global (and holistic) perspective. It analyzes media systems in Africa, Latin America, the Arab world and the Middle East, China, as well as North America and Western Europe. This text is truly interdisciplinary in theoretical and practical approaches because it draws on other fields such as media and cultural studies, anthropology, sociology, linguistics, as well as politics and international relations.
Organisation of policy meets the commercialisation of sex : global linkages, policies, technologies
The case for make believe : saving play in a commercialized world
Sport and society : history, power and culture
The individualization of Chinese society
Innovation policy and the economy. 1
Everything for sale? : the marketisation of UK higher education
After the propaganda state : media, politics, and "thought work" in reformed China
Legal and financial clearance in the commercialisation of forests : report
Gender and consumption : domestic cultures and the commercialisation of everyday life
Innovation, profit and the common good in higher education : the new alchemy
"Although the last two decades have seen the healthcare systems of most developed countries face pressure for major reform, the impact of this reform on the relationship between empowerment, consumerism and citizen's rights has received limited research attention. Globalisation, Markets and Healthcare Policy sets out to redress this imbalance. This book explores the extent to which globalisation and commercialisation relate to current and emerging health policies. It also looks at the implications for citizens, patients and social rights, as well as how policy making interacts with the interests of global and European trade and economic policies. Topics discussed include: -How the impact of globalisation on health systems is apparent in the influence of international actors and European policies. -How the impact of globalisation is mediated by national priorities and policies and is therefore reflected in diverse influences. -How commercialisation of health is presented as benefiting citizens and patients but has the potential to undermine the aims and values inherent in health systems. -How the role of citizens' interests, social rights, patient's rights and priorities of patient and public involvement need to be separated from commercialisation, choice and consumerism in health care. Essential reading for policy makers and students of public policy, politics, law and health services, Globalisation, Markets and Healthcare Policy will also appeal to those interested in patient involvement international healthcare, international relations, transnational organisations and the EU." -- (Back Cover)
The golf boom in Germany 1980-2006 : commercialisation nature protection and social exclusion
When words deny the world : the reshaping of Canadian writing
Hip hop dance : meanings and messages
"K-Pop: Popular Music, Cultural Amnesia, and Economic Innovation in South Korea seeks at once to describe and explain the emergence of export-oriented South Korean popular music and to make sense of larger South Korean economic and cultural transformations. John Lie provides not only a history of South Korean popular music--the premodern background, Japanese colonial influence, post-Liberation American impact, and recent globalization--but also a description of K-pop as a system of economic innovation and cultural production. In doing so, K-Pop delves into the broader background of South Korea that gave rise to K-pop in this wonderfully informed history and analysis of a pop culture phenomenon sweeping the globe"--Provided by publisher.
Sport and society : a student introduction
The business of leisure : tourism, sport, events and other leisure industries
"Chinese society has seen phenomenal change in the last 30 years. Two of the most profound changes have been the rise of the individual in both public and private spheres and the consequent individualization of Chinese society itself. Yet, despite China's recent dramatic entrance into global politics and economics, neither of these significant shifts has been fully analyzed. China presents an alternative model of social transformation in the age of globalization, therfore its path to development may have particular implications for the developing world.The Individualization of Chinese Society reveals how individual agency has been on the rise since the 1970s and how this has impacted on everyday life and Chinese society more broadly. The book presents a wide range of detailed case studies focusing on the impact of economic policy, patterns of kinship, changes in marriage relations and the socio-economic position of women, the development of youth culture, the politics of consumerism, and shifting power relations in everyday life. Exploring the rise of the individual in both rural and urban settings, The Individualization of Chinese Society provides a detailed overview of this major social phenomenon and its wider implications"--Provided by publisher
Selling radio : the commercialization of American broadcasting 1920-1934
Schools or markets? : commercialism, privatization, and school-business partnerships
Democratic voluntary organisations between state and market : a theoretical perspective
Commercialization of modern renewable energy
High art lite : the rise and fall of young British art
To profit or not to profit : the commercial transformation of the nonprofit sector
The development of a commercial society in seventeenth century London : "and so away home, calling at the Exchange and buying several little things"
Sport business in the global marketplace
Consulting Finnish successes : implementing innovation in international markets
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
Commodification : things, agency, and identities ; (the social life of things revisited)
Academic capitalism and the new economy : markets, state, and higher education
Christmas as religion : rethinking Santa, the secular, and the sacred
The problem of a market-oriented university
Spas : the cultural economy of hospitality, magic and the senses
Commercialisation of the Internet
The global politics of sport : the role of global institutions in sport
Solar power plant : perspectives, willingness and investment opportunities
The consumption and representation of lifestyle sports
Packaging girlhood : rescuing our daughters from marketers' schemes
Commercialising social media : a study of fashion (blogo)spheres
Selling Jerusalem : relics, replicas, theme parks
After the death of childhood : growing up in the age of electronic media
Internationalisation and its management at higher-education institutions : applying conceptual, content and discourse analysis
Sports law and policy in the European Union
Journalism across cultures : an introduction
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Happy pills in America : from Miltown to Prozac
Maaseutuaiheita = Rural motifs : essays in honour of professor Leo Granberg
I want it now : navigating childhood in a materialistic word
Commodifying bodies
Globalisation, markets, and healthcare policy : redrawing the patient as consumer
Exploiting childhood : how fast food, material obsession and porn culture are creating new forms of child abuse
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
The commercialization of intimate life : notes from home and work
Education in a digital world : global perspectives on technology and education
Media commercialization and authoritarian rule in China
K-pop : popular music, cultural amnesia, and economic innovation in South Korea
The outsourced self : what happens when we pay others to live our lives for us
Media between culture and commerce
The cinematic tourist : explorations in globalization, culture and resistance
The commercialisation of English society, 1000-1500
Growth entrepreneurial training
"Exploring the current commercialisation and innovation policies in higher education, this book examines the the way in which higher education is being transformed to accommodate business methods"--Provided by publisher.
Crime in context : a critical criminology of market societies
Social processes and ecology in the Kondoa Irangi Hills, central Tanzania
"The book takes a comprehensive look at digital technology use in educational settings around the world. Drawing on a wealth of theoretical and empirical work, the book tackles a number of pressing questions".
The author, art, and the market : rereading the history of aesthetics
Sustainable operations of shopping centers
The rebel sell : why the culture can't be jammed
Developing an international marketing plan for a software product company : Case: Syslore
The plastic Venuses : archaeological tourism in post-modern society
The commercialisation of sport
"Education policy is being reformed and re-worked on a global scale. Policies are flowing and converging to produce a singular vision of best practice based on the methods and tenets of the neo-liberal imaginary. Philanthropy, business and the governments are coming together in new networks and sites of policy outside of the framework of the nation state. This book is a first step in recording, mapping and making sense of the most important aspects of these new relations and dynamics of policy.Using the approach of policy sociology and the methods of social network analysis, Stephen Ball explores the policy activities of edu-businesses, neo-liberal advocacy networks and policy entrepreneurs, and of social enterprises and new philanthropy. He also addresses the ways in which education and education policy itself are now being exported and bought and sold as profitable commodities and how entrenched problems of educational development and educational quality and access are now being addressed through market solutions. That is, by the involvement of private providers in the delivery of educational services, both independently and on behalf of the state. Ball argues that significant changes are taking place in how policy and public services get done and suggests that the sum of these changes indicates the beginning of the end of state education in its welfare form. A set of new, blurred relationships and interests within policy and within state education are outlined. This book will be of interest to practising policy analysts and theorists and will be a learning resource for policy studies students: the issues and examples are topical; the literature employed is diverse and up-to-date; and the analysis engages with cutting-edge debates in political science, sociology, social policy and social geography. U"--
"Do private and philanthropic solutions to the problems of education signal the end of state education in its 'welfare' form? Education policy is being reformed and re-worked on a global scale. Policies are flowing and converging to produce a singular vision of 'best practice' based on the methods and tenets of the 'neo-liberal imaginary'. Philanthropy, business and the governments are coming together in new networks and sites of policy outside of the framework of the nation state. This book is a first step in recording, mapping and making sense of the most important aspects of these new relations and dynamics of policy. Using the approach of 'policy sociology' and the methods of social network analysis the book explores the policy activities of edu-businesses, neo-liberal advocacy networks and policy entrepreneurs, and of social enterprises and 'new' philanthropy. It also addresses the ways in which education and education policy itself are now being exported and bought and sold as profitable commodities and how entrenched problems of educational development and educational quality and access are now being addressed through 'market solutions'. That is, by the involvement of private providers in the delivery of educational services, both independently and on behalf of the state. Universities, schools and education services are being acquired as assets by private equity companies. Private storefront schools are being set-up by local entrepreneurs and through franchising arrangements, funded through microloans"--
