http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9846 cable television
cable television
Aspen notebook : cable and continuing education
Generic microprosessor interface for DVB cable modem
New media in Europe : satellites, cable, VCRs and videotex
Designing Info-TV system to Mikpoli
Media technology and society : a history: from the telegraph to the Internet
Automated lighting : the art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, broadcast, and entertainment
Constraints on the regulatory process : a case study of regulation of cable television
Television and new media
Media promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the Internet
One nation under television : the rise and decline of network TV
Broadcast/cable programming : strategies and practices
Promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the web
In The Essential HBO Reader, editors Gary R. Edgerton and Jeffrey P. Jones bring together an accomplished group of scholars to explain how HBO's programming transformed the world of cable television and how the network continues to shape popular culture and the television industry. Now, after more than three and a half decades, HBO has won acclaim in four distinct programming areas - drama, comedy, sports, and documentary - emerging as TV's gold standard for its breakout series and specials. The Essential HBO Reader provides a comprehensive and compelling examination of HBO's development into the prototypical entertainment corporation of the twenty-first century.
Handbook of telecommunications economics. 2, Technology evolution and the Internet
Electronic media law
Advertising in the broadcast and cable media
Audio-visual statistics : report
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland 2004.
Digital Basics for Cable Television Systems : Jeffrey L. Thomas, Francis M. Edgington
Television & new media
Modern cable television technology : video, voice and data communications
Advances in nonprofit marketing : a research annual. Vol. 1
Inside the rise of HBO : a personal history of the company that transformed television
Hands-on networking fundamentals
Cable visions : television beyond broadcasting
Understanding digital television : an introduction to DVB systems with satellite, cable, broadband and terrestrial TV
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Technology strategy framework for cable television operator
Telecommunications management : broadcasting/cable and the new technologies
Political parties and cable TV : the case of Finland
The creation of the media : political origins of modern communications
Interactive television : TV of the future or the future of TV?
Broadcasting / cable and beyond : an introduction to modern electronic media
The Essential HBO reader
Broadcast and cable selling
Evaluation of IPTV system and terminals
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2003.
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2002.
The facts on file dictionary of television, cable, and video
The essential guide to telecommunications
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
European scrambling systems : circuits, tactics and techniques. 5, The black book
Broadband cable TV access networks : from technologies to applications
Programming for TV, radio, and cable
Local television reviewed : essays on local television 1982-1993
CNN : The inside story
