http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9845 twins
twins
The god of small things
Date with destiny
Trout Stanley : a play
The burning
Brother's keeper
In order to end the Masked Man's literary army, the twins and their friends must enter Conner's short stories, where they find allies in unexpected places but whom they need to end the Masked Man's reign of terror.
Sisterland : a novel
Christmas magic
The magical world of Artime is gone. The Unwanteds have no food, no water, and no hope. Alex knows it's up to him to find a way to restore Artime, rescue his captive friends, and free Megan from her voice-stealing necklace of thorns. Meanwhile, Alex's twin brother Aaron continues to build his army in the stark land of Quill, preparing for the ultimate showdown with the Unwanteds. But a shocking twist reveals that Alex and Aaron share a common enemy more dangerous than either could have imagined.
When you're expecting twins, triplets, or quads : proven guidelines for a healthy multiple pregnancy
A map of midnight
An author's odyssey
Island of Legends
The drowning
Island of Graves
Forest of ruin
Psychological twin research. 1, A methodological study
The vanishing game
Twins
Twin births and twins from a hereditary point of view
Getting away with it
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 1
Plain and fancy
Psychological studies on twins. 7, Object sorting : Preliminary report
The stranger
Candidate gene study on nicotine dependence in Finnish sibpairs
The Tapper twins go to war (with each other)
Missouri boy
All about twins : a handbook for parents
The Thornthwaite inheritance
A gothic novel featuring twins with a deadly rivalry, mysterious deaths, a fortune to be inherited and any amount of dodgy dealings.
Everything Aaron has worked so hard to build in Quill has crumbled. Fallen from the height of power and influence and left for dead in a foreign place, Aaron has lost everything, and now he must humbly beg for food from those who saved his life. In Artime, Alex chooses his people over his brother and abandons his search for Aaron, closing the door on that relationship forever. The Artimeans need his focus now more than ever as they face the terrifying power of a new enemy who has taken control of Quill the notoriously evil Gondoleery Rattrapp.
The children of the lamp. [7], The Grave robbers of Genghis Khan
The Old Capital
Cracked : a Danny Cleary novel
What Are You Like?
Twins : heredity and environment
Genetics of skeletal muscle characteristics and maximal walking speed among older female twins
Island of dragons
Marshmallow skye
This is the story of Alison Hubble who went to bed single and woke up double
As the Wanteds, Unwanteds, and Necessaries struggle to adjust to changes in their society, Mr. Today begins training fourteen-year-old Alex to replace him as Artime's leader one day while Alex's disgraced twin, Aaron, connives to take over Quill.
Civvy Street
One step too far
Chunchu : The genocide fiend. 3
Leisure-time physical activity in late adolescence : a cohort study of stability, correlates and familial aggregation in twin boys and girls
Two little girls in blue
Chunchu : The genocide fiend. 2
Somatosensory change detection in young healthy twin males
The roar
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
In a society that purges thirteen-year-olds who are creative, identical twins Aaron and Alex are separated, one to attend University while the other, supposedly Eliminated, finds himself in a wondrous place where youths hone their abilities and learn magic.
Twins and twin relations
Higurashi when they cry : Massacre arc. 1
Alice in the Country of Clover : Bloody twins
Pretty bad things
A teaspoon of earth and sea
The sleeping baobab tree
Not all twins are alike : psychological profiles of twinship
Entangelment : a tales of everyday magic novel
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 4
Island of silence
Sea of shadows
Rotten and Rascal : the two terrible pterosaur twins
Fangirl : a novel
1962, Anchor Bend, Oregon. The sea calls to Eleanor. Like the turn of the waves it beckons her from the heart of the town she's always known, from her husband Hob and their young daughter, Agnes, to the unfathomable depths of the ocean. 1985 Agnes's daughter Eleanor is six years old. She shares her name with the grandmother she never knew and everything else with her identical twin, Esmerelda. But to Agnes, only Eleanor is a constant reminder of the past. 1993 After a dark event leaves her family in tatters, Eleanor, now fourteen, is left caring for her alcoholic mother, whose grief has torn her apart. But when Eleanor's reality begins to unravel, she starts to lose her grip on time itself, slipping from the present into strange other lands where she's in danger of losing herself altogether. Eleanor is the story of choices that ripple through time far beyond the moment they're made. And what happens when, just sometimes, bonds are so powerful they reach beyond this world and into another.
Cass is a rare Omega, one burdened with psychic foresight. While her twin, Zach, gains power on the Alpha Council, she dares to dream the most dangerous dream of all: equality. For daring to envision a world in which Alphas and Omegas live side-by-side as equals, both the Council and the Resistance have her in their sights.
Twins in African and diaspora cultures : double trouble, twice blessed
The heritability and morphology of lumbar Modic changes and their association with pain
It's twins! Now what? : tips, advice and real-life experience to help you from pregnancy through to your babies' first year
Twin and triplet psychology : a professional guide to working with multiples ; edited by Audrey C. Sandbank
Half life : a novel
The other sister
The Unwanteds
Too close
Double trouble at L'etoile
"After her stormy marriage ends, Danny Cleary jumps down the rabbit hole into a world of crack cocaine - delivered to her door by a polite but slightly deranged dealer. But when Danny's twin sister Ginger is murdered, Danny and her rock musician brother fly to California to find their nephews - and the people who killed their sister. Fighting her addiction, nosy cops and crazy drug dealers, she kicks ass and takes names, embracing her inner vigilante in a quest to avenge her sister and save her family. Cracked is a darkly comic roller-coaster ride to redemption as Danny struggles with bad guys and her own demons to find out who killed her twin"--Publisher's description.
Factors behind Leisure-Time Physical Activity Behavior Based on Finnish Twin Studies: The Role of Genetic and Environmental Influences and the Role of Motives
A million miles away
The lair
Many waters
The crossover
Her fearful symmetry
One
Twin studies on concordance for bipolar disorder
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
It gets easier : surviving twins during their first year
Ashleigh and Danny Orchard are twins, not that you'd ever tell by looking at them - Danny distant and shy, Ash beautiful and accomplished. But there's a secret in the Orchard house: Ash is a monster, a psychopath who can feel only through bringing others pain. When Ash and Danny are caught in a fire on their 16th birthday, both of them die. But only Danny comes back. Since then, Ash has haunted Danny, denying him any form of normal life - or love. When Danny meets Willa and her son Eddie he glimpses the life he could have without Ash. To stop her from ruining his new-found happiness, Danny must venture into the frightening underworld of Detroit, where he will unearth the mystery of the night his and Ash's fates changed for ever.
Island of shipwrecks
Archie and George are identical twins. Archie is six minutes older than George. They look the same but are very different. Archie loves ball games and running and being outside. George loves drawing and reading and being inside.  When Grandma and Grandad give the twins their very first bikes, Archie can't wait to have a go. George feels a bit scared but luckily Grandma is on hand to help!
Twins and the double
Alex and his friends are stranded on a newly-discovered island, and they are not alone, while in Quill, his twin Aaron's power base grows as he joins with an unlikely ally in a risky plan to finally conquer Artimé.
Twin Trouble
Precognitive visual processing and its relation to long-term physical activity
Prediction of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in siblings of children with diabetes
The fire sermon
Stake out!
Higurashi when they cry : Massacre arc. 2
Whats up with Jody Barton?
Divided by their society into Wanted and Unwanted at thirteen, estranged twin brothers Aaron and Alex have both run into trouble--as mage of Artime, Alex must defend the island from attack, while Aaron continues to scheme to take over the islands and get rid of the Unwanteds altogether.
Another man's life
Island of fire
Sisters of blood and spirit
Happy birthday Chimp and Zee
Cassandra at the wedding
The twins
The sword in the soul
The ice twins
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Head mage Alexander Stowe and his friends successfully fended off the latest threat to their magical world of Artimé with the help of a surprise ally. But old enemies have secretly been plotting against them. Now Alex must lead his people in a final epic battle, one they can't hope to win alone.
Chunchu : The genocide fiend. 1
Twin spins
You're amazing, Anna Hibiscus!
And then comes marriage
The magic looking glass
The sisters
Exploring twins : towards a social analysis of twinship
Cutting for stone : a novel
My sister the vampire : revamped!
The damned
Emily and Alex : naughty and nice
There's been a robbery in Tale Town! Someone has stolen a cutting from the magical Story Tree, and it's up to twins Hansel and Gretel to get it back. With the help of their new friend Wolfie, a not very big or very bad wolf, they discover a secret fortress in the forest, containing a Magic Looking Glass that promises to help them. But things are not always what they seem, especially when the Magic Looking Glass starts causing trouble! Can Wolfie and the twins find the Story Tree cutting and save the day, or will the Magic Looking Glass have the last laugh? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!
Night of the living dummy
Four hundred years in the future, the Earth has turned primitive following a nuclear fire that has laid waste to civilization and nature. Though the radiation fall-out has ended, for some unknowable reason every person is born with a twin. Of each pair, one is an Alpha, physically perfect in every way, and the other an Omega, burdened with deformity, small or large. With the Council ruling an apartheid-like society, Omegas are branded and ostracized while the Alphas have gathered the world's sparse resources for themselves. Though proclaiming their superiority, for all their effort Alphas cannot escape one harsh fact: whenever one twin dies, so does the other.
Between the devil and the deep blue sea
A contented house with twins
Empire of night
Two of a kind
Chimp and Zee and the big storm
Butterfly winter
Slapstick, or, Lonesome no more!
Twin trouble
I'll give you the sun
Troubletwisters
The map of bones
This dark endeavour : the apprenticeship of Victor Frankenstein
The Woebegone Twins
In their mother's footsteps
Flying solo
The farm
The vault
Emily and Alex : plain and fancy
The brothers
The Thornthwaite betrayal
The tragedy of Arthur : a novel
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
The Templeton twins have an idea
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 3
Cut here
Archie and George and the new bikes
Inter-twin and parent-twin relationships and mental health : a study of twins from adolescence to young adulthood
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 2
Hide and seek : a lying game novel
Determinants of lumbar disc degeneration : a study relating lifetime exposures and magnetic resonance imaging findings in identical twins
Black heart blue
