http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9854 monsters
monsters
Harrow County. [volume 3] : Snake doctor
Kill 6 billion demons. [Book one]
Spook's : the dark army
BalisK the water snake
Liminal monster and the conflict between human and machine : the Shrike in Dan Simmons' Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion
Pocket apocalypse
Thoron : the living storm
City of bones
Hello world!
The monster story-teller
The big monster snoreybook
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
The ghost train to New Orleans
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Narga the Sea Monster
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 2
Cthulhu tales. [4] : the darkness beyond
Monsters munch lunch!
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
KoroN jaws of death
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
Darkmouth. Chaos descends
BloodboaR the buried doom
The Vorrh
Shadow and bone
The moon and the sun
The shambling guide to New York City
Killing floor. 2 : PlayStation 4
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 1
Saurex : the silent creeper
Dark heart of magic
The scary monster
Cthulhu tales. [3] : chaos of the mind
Creepy presents Alex Toth : the definitive collection of Alex Toth's stories from Creepy and Eerie
It is Clara who is desperate to enter the labyrinth and it is Clara who is bright, strong, and fearless enough to take on any challenge. It is no surprise when she is chosen. But so is the girl who has always lived in her shadow. Together they enter. Within minutes, they are torn apart forever. Now the girl who has never left the city walls must fight to survive in a living nightmare, where one false turn with who to trust means a certain dead end.
King of Tokyo
Hydror the ocean hunter
There is a monster under my bed who farts
Slappy's revenge : twisted tricks from the world's smartest dummy
Demons in my driveway
Daughter of smoke & bone
Darkmouth : chaos descends
Mighty Max
Okko : the sand monster
COULD YOU FIND A MUSEUM FOR A MONSTER? OR A JAZZ BAR FOR A JABBERWOCK? Zoe writes travel guides for the undead. And she's good at it too - her new-found ability to talk to cities seems to help. After the success of The Shambling Guide to New York City, Zoe and her team are sent to New Orleans to write the sequel. Her career isn't all that brings her to New Orleans. The only person who can save Zoe's boyfriend from zombism is rumoured to live in the city's swamps, but she's out of her element in the wilderness. With her supernatural colleagues waiting to see her fail, and rumours of a new threat hunting citytalkers, can Zoe stay alive long enough to finish her next book?
Two years have passed since Team Plasma was defeated and Trainer Black was sucked into the Light Stone along with Legendary Pokemon Reshiram...Now Team Plasma is back to their wicked ways, controlling other people's Pokemon and even wild Pokemon with technology. Luckily, a new hero, a young inspector for the International Police, and Officer Looker are on their trail...Colress, the new leader of Team Plasma, is attacking the Unova Region. His machines control Pokemon, wielding their powers for evil instead of good. Fortunately, a way to jam the signals is stored on a memory card. But who has the card? A girl at the Pokemon Trainers' School. Maybe that's why our hero is such a flirt; he's just doing his job gathering intel. But he'd better stop playing the field and find that card fast before someone beats him to it!
Pokémon adventures : Black 2 & white 2, Volume one
Tusk the Mighty Mammoth
The dagger of doom
The hidden doors
Cat eyed boy. volume 2
Tempra the time stealer
Tome of calling
Frankenstein, or, the modern Prometheus
Gyo : the death-stench creeps. 2
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
When I'm a monster like you, dad
Where the Bugaboo lives
Stop those monsters! / illustrated by Jim Field
Not now, Bernard
Kaymon the Gorgon Hound
Children of Icarus
Monster Musume : everyday life with monster girls. 3
Kragos and Kildor the two-headed demon
Monster in my closet
Nibbles : the book monster
The littlest Shoggoth : a holiday tale of the Cthulhu mythos
The vampire
The house of Hades
KronuS the clawed menace
Monster, be good!
Torgor the Minotaur
HectoN the body-snatcher
Darkmouth
Monstar and the haunted house
Godzilla: Age of monsters / [... Randy Stradley ... et al.]
Darkmouth : world's explode
Gryph : the feathered fiend
Karixa : the diamond warrior
Cthulhu : comics and stories of dark fiction
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Monster Musume : everyday life with monster girls. 5
Skor the Winged Stallion
Recorded attacks
Olympus
King of New York
The fairytale hairdresser and Beauty and the Beast
Rat queens. Volume three, Demons
Kaijumax ; terror and respect : Season one
Harrow County . vol. 2,  Twice told
Ursus the clawed roar
Monster High : Boo York, Boo York : a monsterrific musical!
Phoenix in my fortune
The staff of Serapis
Twelve-year old Kenneth Corman buried his abusive father outside his creaky old family home. The thing that had killed him was inside, lurking in the darkness of a locked room. For all of his young life, Kenneth had been plagued by a feeling that there was something horrific dwelling in his house of secrets. But he had to know what was up there. He had to know what had killed his dad. Now it was time to face the horror behind the door...
Cat eyed boy. volume 1
The quest for the time bird
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
Realm of wonder
Monster in the hood
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
The Skinless Boy seeks to understand the mysteries of his past, and Emmy investigates a decaying old domicile. Meanwhile, a malevolent serpent is sowing madness and malice in the minds of The Holler's residents, and only Bernice stands in the way of this new evil--but could enlisting the aid of the shadowy Lovely Belfont place her in a much more terrible danger? -- Provided by publisher.
The gods of HP Lovecraft
Monsters don't cry
Chaos choreography : an InCryptid novel
Gary Gianni's MonsterMen and other scary stories
Monsters : from monstruosity to humanity in Ilka Schönbein's work
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 2
TornO the hurricane dragon
Monster Musume : everyday life with monster girls. 1
Skylanders : secret agent secrets
Golem in my glovebox
Blodin the beast
Creta the winged terror
Creatures : thirty years of monsters
Beauty and the beast
There's a monster in my fridge
GrashkoR the beast guard
Arena 13. The Prey
Stories of monsters
For years, the local Spook kept the county safe from evil. But now his time has ended, and there is only one boy who can take over - Thomas Ward, barely more than a child himself. Now he too must take on an apprentice, a girl called Jenny who is untested but willing to be trained in the dangerous life of a Spook.
Goosebumps : the movie novel
Midnight
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
The last kids on Earth and the zombie parade
Beowulf and Grendel
Arax the soul stealer
Ten creepy monsters
Revolting rhymes and dirty beasts
Archie Wilson & the Nuckelavee
Following the thrilling and critically acclaimed Wake of Vultures comes the next spellbinding novel in the Shadow series - a tale of the supernatural world hiding beneath the surface. Nettie Lonesome jumped off a cliff, not knowing what she'd become. She's still not sure, but the destiny of the Shadow is calling her to help someone she'd just as soon watch die. Her new sidekick, an annoying shifter named Earl, is hellbent on finding the Rangers. He's just escaped a railroad camp where monsters are held captive, their very bones used to fuel the tracks scarring Nettie's wild, beloved Durango. And he wants revenge. Nettie, now facing the truth of her own identity and going by Rhett, must decide whether to side with her friends and the badge on her chest or take off alone on the dangerous mission pulling her inexplicably toward the fight of her life. When it comes to monsters and men, the world isn't black and white. What good are two wings and a gun when your enemy can command a conspiracy of ravens?
Shadowsmith
Godzilla: Age of monsters / [Randy Stradley ... et al.]
Fright club
When beauty tamed the beast
Barefoot on the wind
Creepy presents Bernie Wrightson : the definitive collection of Bernie Wrightson's stories and illustrations from the pages of Creepy and Eerie
Monster High character encyclopedia
Monster high : iso kalloriutta
Robert Bloch's That hellbound train
Mystery of the mist monster
Last call at the nightshade lounge : A Novel
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 1
Sting the Scorpion Man
Conspiracy of ravens
Eat your people!
The monsters' monster
The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft: a brand new anthology that collects the twelve principal deities of the Lovecraftian Mythos and sets them loose within its pages. Featuring the biggest names in horror and dark fantasy, including many New York Times bestsellers, full of original fiction and artwork, and individual commentary on each of the deities by Donald Tyson. Lovecraft's bestiary of gods has had a major influence on the horror scene from the time these sacred names were first evoked. Cthulhu, Azathoth, Nyarlathotep, Yog-Sothoth--this pantheon of the horrific calls to mind the very worst of cosmic nightmares and the very darkest signs of human nature. The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft brings together twelve all-new Mythos tales from:Cthulhu (Adam Nevill)Yog-Sothoth (Martha Wells)Azathoth (Laird Barron)Nyarlathotep (Bentley Little)Shub-Niggurath (David Liss)Tsathoggua (Brett Talley)The Mi-Go (Christopher Golden & James A. Moore)Night-gaunts (Jonathan Maberry)Elder Things (Joe Lansdale)Great Race (Rachel Caine)Yig (Douglas Wynne)The Deep Ones (Seanan McGuire)
The colour monster
Where monsters dwell : The phantom eagle flies the savage skies
A monster calls
Monster Musume : everyday life with monster girls. 4
Call of Cthulhu : keeper rulebook
Skylanders : light in the dart
Siege and storm
Lamplighter
Because of the disaster that was her last job, Zoe is searching for a fresh start as a travel book editor in the tourist-centric New York City. After stumbling across a seemingly perfect position though, Zoe is blocked at every turn because of the one thing she can't take off her resume --- human. Not to be put off by anything -- especially not her blood drinking boss or death goddess coworker -- Zoe delves deep into the monster world. But her job turns deadly when the careful balance between human and monsters starts to crumble -- with Zoe right in the middle.
Monster Musume : everyday life with monster girls. 2
King just wants what anybody wants: not to get fired, eaten, or forced to mate with a cheetah lady. For Earth’s sole human survivor after the apocalypse, life among Los Angeles’s strange new populace ain’t easy. Working for the LA Department of Reclamation, King gets a lot of crappy jobs going on quests and searching for artifacts from the “old world,”. The commute can be a real pain in the asphalt, too; the 405 freeway is filled with mutants, monsters, mayhem, and tentacled Elder Gods. And that’s all before you hit the horrors of the San Fernando Valley. As the world’s freakish inhabitants battle for supremacy, King searches for the “seed of life,” which may give Earth the second chance it probably doesn’t even deserve
Last call at The Nightshade Lounge : a novel of magic and mixology
Call of Cthulhu LCG (Living Card Game)
Tales of the peculiar
The complete Crepax. 1, Dracula, Frankenstein and other horror stories
Cthulhu tales. [2] : the whisper of madness
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
Valiant : a modern tale of faerie
