http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9859 transgression (geology)
transgression (geology)
Shock tactics and extreme strategies : affectivity and transgression in late twentieth-century extreme fiction
A late Litorina transgression in the district of Porvoo in Southern Finland
Aftershock : the ethics of contemporary transgressive art
Crossing boundaries : thinking through literature
The last postglacial (Holocene) marine transgression in Spencer Gulf, South Australia, as inferred from studies of benthic foraminifera
Finnish Summary.
Transgression : identity, space, time
From river valley to estuary : the early mid-holocene transgression of the Rhine-Meuse valley, The Netherlands
Transgression in literature
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
Transgression through self-mutilation : the characters' struggle to establish a personal gender identity in select works by Chuck Palahniuk
States of decadence : on the aesthetics of beauty, decline and transgression across time and space. Volume 1
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
Transgressive tales : queering the Grimms
