http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9857 international market
international market
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
The devil's deal : an insider's tale of how money is made
Entry strategies to Russian medical equipment market for foreign companies
Challenges and opportunities for the internationalisation of Finnish SME's to Canada : perspective of Finpro and similar internationalisation support organisations
Competitor analysis : case doctor blade manufacturers
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Doing business in China
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
Applying parent company's marketing strategy to a wholly owned subsidiary
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Thoughts of China now
The entry to South American markets by an SME : case: Junttan Oy
Global market analysis from product management point of view : jib crane market in China, India and USA
Operations of Finnish SMEs on emerging markets
Termos project opportunities in international sludge treatment markets
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
The death of gentlemanly capitalism : the rise and fall of London's investment banks
Finance in Asia : institutions, regulation and policy
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
How to enter the Finnish market : case: Beijing Guanghui Textile Co, Ltd
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Global market entry strategies for SMEs
Abstract.
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
Consulting Finnish successes : implementing innovation in international markets
International business : the new realities
The future policies and strategies for the Finnish industrial companies to reach and approach in the gulf cooperation council area market
Corporate treasury and cash management
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
International new ventures : innovativeness and adaptation of marketing strategies
Impact of the world oil market on the economies of Gulf Cooperation Council States : quantitative assessment and forecast
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Determinants of international portfolio investment flows to a small market : empirical evidence
Suggestions for developing international events in Finland : Case study: SATOA Kuopio Food Festival
International business : a european perspective
The regulation of financial markets
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Who buys what. Volume 2
World paper markets 2020.
International strategic marketing : a European perspective
Abstract:.
Emerging economies: how to do business and overcoming barriers : case of Company X and Brazil
Corporate combat against intellectual property infringements : when intellectual property rights fail to suffice
The state of agricultural commodity markets
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
International market selection process adopted by small and medium-sized enterprises : case studies from two Italian companies
Entering Swedish markets : challenge for Finnish SMEs
The world sugar market : government intervention and multilaternal policy reform
Cases in European business
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Does Knowledge about Foreign Markets Affect the Internationalization of Commercial Banks?  : A case study on Ghanaian Indigenous Banks
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Abstract: Entering the Thai market.
Organization of the Metamaterial's 2009 Conference
Global financial stability report
The agricultural situation in the Community
Counterfeit Products in International Business
Potential markets for recycled plastics
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Developing marketing planning through a customer survey : a case Tricolme Ltd
A tool for organizations to quickly assess growth potential in foreign markets : Internationalization and the HS code
Franchising as an internationalization method in emerging markets : experiences of Robert's Coffee from Turkey
Globalization, wages, and the quality of jobs : five country studies
Essays on current account imbalances
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Unlocking Japan's market : seizing marketing and distribution opportunities in today's Japan
International business : a managerial perspective
International capital markets : developments, prospects andkey policy issues
Designing an advertising strategy for new international markets : a case study of a Finnish alcoholic beverages producer
Coffee. Vol. 6, Commercial and technico-legal aspects
The purpose of this research is to gain understanding about how parent company's strategy should be applied into foreign market's wholly owned subsidiary. Thesis covers such fields as standardization and adaptation of marketing mix elements and reviews factors that have influence on marketing strategy implementation. This research assignment was given by ElämysLahjat.fi, a Finnish wholly owned subsidiary of an international organization located in Vilnius, Lithuania. Case company is an Internet based web store retailer of local experience services that offers its customers wide range of experiences and promotes them as an alternative to physical gifts. In the theoretical part of the research the international marketing environment, cultural diversities of foreign markets and key components of service product's marketing mix are discussed. Empirical research is based on qualitative research and was implemented via semi-structured interviews with marketing managers of international organization's different countries' subsidiaries. Results of the study show that standardization and adaptation of parent company's marketing strategy is not all-or-nothing decision, but a matter of degree. According to target market's socio-cultural, economic and political environment, company need to adapt every element of marketing mix at least to some degree in order to achieve sustainable profitability and differentiate itself from other competitors within local market.
World food crises: myth and reality
Information technology supported technology transfer process : a multi-site case study of high-tech enterprises
International business finance
Set of recommendations for Maspart Finland Oy to enter Russian market
Examinig Russia's business enviroment for a publishing company
Strategic approach of Finnish companies entering the Cameroonian market : factors affecting the selection of entry mode
Segments and market entry strategies to a new location method
Winning in the global market: A practical guide to international business success
The Development of Haian Machinery Manufacturing Co. Ltd in the Internationalization
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
Information technology supported technology transfer to China : factors influencing information technology projects implementation
Adapation of a French brand to the Chinese market : case study: Sephora
Economic impacts of trade liberalization on the world sugar market
The current international financial system has created a huge gap between the wealthy and the rest. Grounded and straightforward in his approach, Brahm calls for a turn away from economic systems dangerously steeped in ideology and stymied by politics, outlining a new global consensus based on pragmatism, common sense, and grass-roots realities.
Market analysis on Swedish software markets for infoBoard Europe GmBH
Market commentary : March 1987.
How to promote Massidea.org to Nigerian universities to achieve cooperation in the future
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
WestCoast : discover business in the Satakunta region
Experience as an influential factor on entry mode choice
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Finnish E-Commerce Deliveries to Russian Customers
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Marketing strategy research for Hubei cereals, oil and foodstuff import and export corporation
Market entry mode to the United States market : 720 Degrees Oy
Transnational highly skilled Finnish migrants in Europe : choosing one's identity
HOW TO SUCCEED IN THE CHINESE EXPRESS LOGISTICS MARKET
Fusion economics : how pragmatism is changing the world
Essboard : entering the Norwegian market
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Entering the German Market - Case Study Barisma Oy
The wealth of nations in two volumes. Volume two
Dynamics of international advertising : theoretical and practical perspectives
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
International money and finance
The implications of policy changes for the world dairy industry : proceedings of the Policy, Economics and Marketing Conference, IDF World Dairy Summit 2001, [Auckland], New Zealand
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Entering emerging markets : Motorola's blueprint for going global
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Entering Thai Market
Outline of possibilities for international marketing : case study: Raikka Oy
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
The challenges of Iranian small and medium-sized enterprises through process of internationalization
Business success in China
Creating a promotion plan and promotion package for Movemakers for the Swedish market
Links between resources, strategies, and performance in cross-border mergers and acquisitions
Basics of licensing
Entry to the Hungarian market.
Business Angels in Brazil : starting up a venture to unite Brazilian entrepreneurs and foreign investors
Abstract: This study was carried out in order to understand how a French brand kept its image and adapted its strategy in the Chinese market. As there were too many big companies did business in the Asian market, but it was not that easy because of the big difference between cultures. This study intended to point out the difference in strategy of Sephora in France and in China and how they gained more market share and kept its image at the same time. This research was divided into two phases, in a first time; secondary research material to build the theoretical part was gathered through different marketing research and strategy books and Internet documents in order to understand more about the product adaptation, business environment, marketing strategy and marketing plan to get a basis knowledge about all the elements should considered when adapting a brand to a foreign market. Secondly, an exploratory qualitative research was completed through the one personal interview and ten consumer satisfaction interviews to gather a real view of the current situation of Sephora in France and Sephora in China.
The impacts of the emerging markets institutional environment on foreign firms : a study on Finnish cleantech firms in China
Strategy of Chinese market development for Mehi Oy
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
International market entry strategy of Viettel Telecom Corporation
Who buys what. Volume 1
Business opportunities for Koistinen Kantele in Japan : a market survey
How does commitment towards internationalization affect Finnish companies entering foreign markets?
Internationalisation of Russian firms to Finland : case study of Russian SMEs
This bachelor thesis was conducted according to the need of 720 Degrees Oy. The case company, 720 Degrees Oy, is a small firm operating in health, wellness and fitness industry, specialized in indoor air quality. 720 Degrees Oy was interested to expand their business to the United States market, and was thus looking for a suitable method. The objective of this thesis was to collect information about different entry modes and factors affecting this choice in order to provide recommendation for the case company. Thus, the research question was to find out the most suitable entry mode to enter the US market for the case company. Theoretical foundation combined theory of motivation of internationalization, different entry modes, internal and external factors affecting the choice of entry mode. Then, based on the theory found, qualitative research was carried out in form of telephone interview and face-to-face interview. From December 2014 to January 2015, eight telephone interviews with potential customers in the US market were conducted to find out a customer value proposition. In February 2015, the researcher also carried out two face-to-face interviews with representatives of Finnish companies which successfully established offices in the US market in order to learn their experiences. The collected data was analysed by using qualitative summary method. The findings indicated that in the beginning, the most suitable option for 720 Degrees Oy to enter the market is a direct export mode. If the company gains good results in this initial phrase, it is recommended to gradually involve in a sales office. The thesis also discussed about the reliability and validity of the data and results, researcher’s learning experiences during the thesis writing process and suggested further research.
Entry to the Hungarian market : case study: Suomen CNC-Metal Oy
Marketing Research and Entry Mode Suggestions, Case Turijobs Tourism Services S.L.
Adapation of a French brand to the Chinese market  : Case study: Sephora
Sales channel strategy for domestic and international expansion : case: Company Z
Capital networks : professionals making sense of social capital, culture and language in the networked international business environment
The competitiveness of Bando Apparels Ltd in international market
Determining Compatibility in 23 Countries for an Innovative Finnish Concrete Pile Cutter : Case Study: MotoCut Ltd
Internalization decision making : case: Finnish waste water treatment company to Vietnam
Agricultural policy and the world market
Small and medium-sized enterprises in crisis time (2007) in Poland
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
International opportunity recognition among Finnish SMEs : organic food SMEs in the Baltic Sea region
International monetary systems in historical perspective
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
Multinationals in a new era : international strategy and management
Media environment and marketing services in St Petersburg
Evolution of international aviation : phoenix rising
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
Determinants of current account balances
International direct marketing : principles, best practices, marketing facts
The Clients’ Perceptions of the UK as a Business Location and the Services of UK Trade and Investment
Conducting market research for international business
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
International business : the challenge of global competition
