http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9858 trade balance
trade balance
China's economic development and its impact on Finnish foreign trade
Balance of payments and the foreign exchange market : a dynamic partial equilibrium model
Implications of the Kyoto for tropical forest management and land use : prospects and pitfalls
International economics : trade and finance
International money & finance
Compilation of early warning indicators for foreign trade employing a cut-off survey
Trade, balance of payments and growth : papers in international economics in honor of Charles P. Kindleberger
Money on the move : the revolution in international finance since 1980
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2003.. 2003 : 98. vuosikerta = årgång 98 = volume 98
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : October 1998.
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 2 = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 2 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume 2
The Russian Federation in transition : external developments
The Finnish trade balance : a regression analysis 1990-2007
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2009 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103.
UNCTAD handbook of statistics
Vital North! : security, democracy, civil society
Commerce and colonisation : studies of early modern merchant capitalism in the Atlantic economy
Trade, the balance of payments and exchange rate policy in developing countries
The main purpose of this book is to explore the influence of reform on changes in China's economic relations with Japan after the late 1970s. There are three reasons for investigating the links between Chinese reform and bilateral economic relations at this particular juncture in history. First, in the past two decades reform has meant that China has enjoyed faster economic growth than Japan.
Trade, growth, and the balance of payments : essays in honor of Gottfried Haberler
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
World trade and payments : an introduction
International trade and finance : readings
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 1 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 1
UNCTAD handbook of statistics 2001.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
National incomes and international trade : a quantitative analysis
International finance
Introduction to international economics
Essays on current account imbalances
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : October 2000.
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : December 1999.
Is the U.S. trade deficit sustainable?
Carbon pricing : design, experiences and issues
Global economic issues and policies
Global imbalances and the US debt problem : should developing countries support the US dollar?
Carbon Pricing reflects upon and further develops the ongoing and worthwhile global debate into how to design carbon pricing, as well as how to utilize the financial proceeds in the best possible way for society. The world has recently witnessed a significant downward adjustment in fossil fuel prices, which has negative implications for the future of our environment. In light of these negative developments, it is important to understand the benefits of environmental sustainability through well-documented research. This discerning book considers the design of carbon taxes and examines the consequential outcomes of different taxation compositions as regulatory instruments. Expert contributors assess a variety of national experiences to provide an empirical insight into the use of carbon taxes, emissions trading, energy taxes and excise taxes. The overarching discussion concludes that successful policies used by some countries can be implemented in other jurisdictions with minimum new research and experimentation. This astute work will benefit scholars, practitioners and policymakers alike with an interest in the fields of environmental law, environmental economics, sustainable development and taxation law.
The great rebalancing : trade, conflict, and the perilous road ahead for the world economy
Principles of macroeconomics
Carbon pricing, growth and the environment
Voluntary carbon markets : an international business guide to what they are and how they work
"Making Sense of the Dollar explores the many factors--trade deficits, the dollar's role in the world, globalization, capitalism, and more--that affect the dollar and the U.S. economy and lead to the inescapable conclusion that both are much stronger than many people suppose"--Provided by publisher.
Making sense of the dollar : exposing dangerous myths about trade and foreign exchange
International money and finance
The exchange stability problem
Cracking the carbon code : the key to sustainable profits in the new economy
International trade under flexible exchange rates
Trade in Services in the Central and East European Countries
Harnessing farms and forests in the low-carbon economy : how to create, measure, and verify greenhouse gas offsets
Finland's balance of payments : compilation methods, sources of information and the time series for 1975 to 1992
China's relations with Japan in an era of economic liberalisation
Flexible exchange rates and the balance of payments : essays in memory of Egon Sohmen
Challenge of Asian developing countries : issues and analyses
Business and macroeconomics
Second, reform has brought about the deepening of interdependence between the Chinese economy and the world economy. Third, reform has transformed the management of China's domestic and external economic activities. Market-oriented reform means that China's economic relations with Japan are now based on the comparative advantage of both countries rather than the Chinese, or Japanese, government's state plan.
International economics : theory, evidence and practice
The economics of Soviet bloc trade and finance
Finnish-Soviet clearing trade and payment system : history and lessons
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2007
The theory of the balance of trade in England : a study in mercantilism
Editor's summary (s. 1-5).
Financial accounting : an international introduction
The theory of the balance of trade in England : a study in mercantilisme
Euro-Mediterranean statistics
The Theory of the Balance of Trade in England : a Study in Mercantilism
