http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p985 voice therapy
voice therapy
Articulatory and phonological impairments : a clinical focus
Evaluating voice therapy : measuring the effectiveness of treatment
Electrotherapy : evidence-based practice
The singer's voice
Understanding voice problems : a physiological perspective for diagnosis and treatment
I.A.L.P. : Congress proceedings. 1, Phonia - arthria
Voice and communication therapy for the transgender/transsexual client : a comprehensive clinical guide
"Understanding Voice Problems: A Physiological Perspective for Diagnosis and Treatment emphasizes the physiological perspective of voice disorders and the behavioral and emotional factors that can influence these changes. Readers will find a strong foundation in normal phonatory physiology and acoustics as well as pathophysiology arising from voice misuse, abuse, or neurological involvement. Coverage includes in-depth explorations of patient interviewing, history-taking, examination, and testing and discussions of pediatric and geriatric voice considerations. The book contains numerous illustrations, including full-color plates of vocal fold pathologies. A companion Website features nearly 30 video clips that demonstrate healthy, normally functioning larynges at work, plus larynges with various pathological problems"--Provided by publisher.
What is sound healing?
Introduction to sound : acoustics for the hearing and speech sciences
Lessac-Madsen resonant voice therapy : patient manual
Abstract: Art as a tool of psychosocial work.
Voice therapy for children : the elementary school years
Clinical voice disorders : an interdisciplinary approach
Practice of voice and speech therapy : new contributions to voice and speech pathology
Using voice and movement in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy d Paul Newham
Vocal exercise physiology
Sound medicine : the complete guide to healing with the human voice
Vocal arts medicine : the care and prevention of professional voice disorders
The self under siege : a therapeutic model for differentiation
Dynamics of the singing voice
The Mystery Schools of Egypt, Greece, and Rome understood that vibration is the fundamental active force in the universe and developed specific chants and tones for healing the mind, body, and spirit and achieving altered states of consciousness. Overtone chanting--also called vocal harmonics--is the ability of the human voice to create two or more notes at the same time. Healing Soundsexplains how to perform vocal harmonics and experience their transformative and curative powers. An internationally recognized master teacher, the author provides diverse examples of sound healing systems incorporating both mystical and medical traditions--from Tibetan monks' use of tantric harmonics to Dr. Alfred Tomatis' use of Gregorian chanting--and their capacity to affect us on all levels. With many easy-to-follow exercises, Healing Soundsis the first book to show from both the scientific and spiritual viewpoints how to use the transformative power of sound for healing on physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual levels.
The voice is the most powerful and widely used instrument in music therapy. This book demonstrates the enormous possibilities for personal change and growth using a new, voice-based model of psychotherapy where the sounds of the voice are expressed, listened to and interpreted in order to access unconscious aspects of the self and retrieve memories, images and feelings from the past.Combining theory with practice, the book explains the foundations of vocal psychotherapy and goes on to explore its usage in clinical practice and the various techniques involved. The book integrates important concepts from depth psychology such as regression, re-enactment and working with transference and counter-transference with the practice of vocal music therapy. Drawing on over twenty years of research, the author uses case studies to illustrate specific vocal interventions, including improvisation techniques such as vocal holding, free associative singing and psycho dramatic singing.
Clinical management of children's voice disorders
Proceedings of the IXth International Speech and Voice Therapy Conference, Zurich, September 1-5, 1953
Classics in voice and laryngology
Phonating into resonance tubes with the free end in water : effects on the vertical laryngeal position and oral pressure : a pilot study
Handbook of voice assessments
Treatment resource manual for speech-language pathology
Drama, psychotherapy and psychosis : dramatherapy and psychodrama with people who hear voices
"Does speech and language therapy work?" : a review of the literature
Speech correction : principles and methods
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
The accent method of voice therapy
The chewing approach in speech and voice therapy
Discover your voice : how to develop healthy voice habits
Using voice and theatre in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy
Proceedings of the first Nordic Conference of Voice Ergonomics and Treatment
Voice and Gender and other contemporary issues in professional voice and speech training
The accent method : the rational voice therapy in theory & practice
Nine papers on logopedics and phoniatrics from 5th Nordic Congress of Logopedics and Phoniatrics, Helsinki 2000.
Semioccluded vocal tract exercises : a physiologic approach for voice training and therapy
The voice book : caring for, protecting, and improving your voice
Voice disorders and their management
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Prevalence of vocal symptoms and voice disorders among teacher students and teachers and a model of early intervention
International perspectives on voice disorders
Pediatric voice disorders : diagnosis and treatmen
Voice and articulation
Motor speech disorders : advances in assessment and treatment
Organic voice disorders : assessment and treatment
Growth factor expression in atherosclerosis and gene transfer for therapeutic angiogenesis
The theory and practice of vocal psychotherapy : songs of the self
The voice clinic handbook
Lessac-Madsen resonant voice therapy : clinician manual
The voice and voice therapy
Signals and systems for speech and hearing
"This book will provide therapists with the tools necessary to help their clients differentiate themselves from their parents, families of origin, and other influences that have unconsciously dominated and predetermined their lives. The authors argue that most of us are unaware of the extent to which our lives have been predetermined and pre-empted by a parent whose thoughts, beliefs, and feelings can actually be antagonistic to our own goals and desires. An integrative theoretical approach to personality development and human behavior is introduced, providing the foundation for an innovative cognitive-affective-behavioral therapeutic process centered around Firestone's Voice Therapy technique".
Therapeutic voicework : principles and practice for the use of singing as a therapy
Voice problems of children
Studies in logopedics and phonetics. 2
The Dark room
Proceedings of the third Congress of the International Clinical Phonetics and Linguistics Association, 9-11 August 1993, Helsinki
Healing with sound : self-help techniques using music and your voice
Language intervention strategies in aphasia and related neurogenic communication disorders
Speech development guide for children with hearing loss
Musikaalisuuden ytimessä : juhlakirja Kai Karmalle = In the heart of musicality : essays in honour of Kai Karma
Summary.
Clinical linguistics
Vascular endothelial growth factors in heart failure : cardiovascular imaging and gene therapy applications
On speaking voice exercises : a study on the acoustic and physiological effects of speaking voice exercises applying manipulation of the acoustic-aerodynamic state of the supraglottic space and artificially modified auditory feedback
Music-in-action : selected essays in sonic ecology
Proceedings of the XIIth International Speech and Voice Therapy Conference, Padua, 1962
Exercises for voice therapy
Vocal health and pedagogy. Vol. 2, Advanced assessment and practice
Deep listening : a composer's sound practice
Pediatric voice : a modern, collaborative approach to care
Vocal rehabilitation : a manual prepared for the use of graduates in medicine
Occupational voice : care and cure
Singing voice rehabilitation : a guide for the voice teacher and speech-language pathologist
Speech disorders : principles and practices of therapy
Diagnosis and treatment of voice disorders
"In this thought-provoking book, noted clinical psychologist Robert Firestone and his co-authors explore the struggle that all of us face in striving to retain a sense of ourselves as unique individuals. An important addition to the area of personality development theory, it offers a new perspective on differentiation and the battle to separate ourselves from the chains of the past".
Speech correction : an introduction to speech pathology and audiology
Vocal health and pedagogy : volume II : advanced assessment and practice
