http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9852 insurgencies
insurgencies mutinies
The Rebellion of 1837 in Upper Canada : a collection of documents
Code geass : Suzaku of the counterattack. 1
Captain Swing
Sixteen-year-old Tyri wants to be a musician and wants to be with someone who won't belittle her musical aspirations.  Q-I-99 aka 'Quinn' lives in a scrap metal sanctuary with other rogue droids. While some use violence to make their voices heard, demanding equal rights for AI enhanced robots, Quinn just wants a moment on stage with his violin to show the humans that androids like him have more to offer than their processing power.  Tyri and Quinn's worlds collide when they're accepted by the Baldur Junior Philharmonic Orchestra. As the rift between robots and humans deepens, Tyri and Quinn's love of music brings them closer together, making Tyri question where her loyalties lie and Quinn question his place in the world. With the city on the brink of civil war, Tyri and Quinn make a shocking discovery that turns their world inside out. Will their passion for music be enough to hold them together while everything else crumbles down around them, or will the truth of who they are tear them apart?
The road to freedom : photographs and memorabilia from the 1916 Rising and afterwards
The great Syrian revolt and the rise of Arab nationalism
Dragon's teeth
England, arise : the people, the king and the Great Revolt of 1381
The traitor
Index of names : appearing on the "Kriegskarte von Deutsch-Südwestafrika 1904" including some translations
The Dominican revolt : a case study in American policy
The shadow of a year : the 1641 rebellion in Irish history and memory
A Christmas garland
How to survive a robot uprising : tips on defending yourself against the coming rebellion
Hyperion
"A history of the largest and longest-lasting people's revolt in the Arab East, which attempted to liberate Syria from French Mandate rule in 1925"--Provided by publisher.
Accountability of armed opposition groups in international law
1916 : the long revolution
The Taqwacores
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
Spartacus : the gladiator
The blue mutiny : the indigo disturbances in Bengal, 1859-1862
Contentious Kwangju : the May 18 uprising in Korea's past and present
Unconventional warfare in South Asia, 1947 to the present
Requiem : the fall of the Templars
The winner's curse
Memories of the May 1980 : a documentary history of the Kwangju uprising in Korea
Throne of the crescent moon
Revolt, revolution, critique : the paradox of society
The Indian Mutiny : 1857
Promise of blood
The Taiping rebellion : [history and documents]. [Volume 1], History
The naked blogger of Cairo : creative insurgency in the Arab world
The dawn of the Arab uprisings : end of an old order?
On the Spartacus road : a spectacular journey through ancient Italy
Ninefox gambit
The Penguin 1857 reader
An aristocratic girl who is a member of a warmongering and enslaving empire purchases a slave, an act that sets in motion a rebellion that might overthrow her world as well as her heart.
Chill
Warsaw boy : a memoir of a wartime childhood
The alchemy of stone
Guerrillas in history
Peace maker Kurogane. Volume 4
The revolt of the mind : a case history of intellectual resistance behind the iron curtain
Gitbal
The peasant rebellions of the late Ming dynasty
Deadly days in history
Last horseman
Pagans into peasants : ethnic and social boundaries in early modern Livonia
Charley's war [Vol X]: The end
The mechanical
The Great Rebellion of 1857 in India : exploring transgressions, contests and diversities
The sound of fury : an account of the Indian mutiny
The Irish Times book of the 1916 Rising
The year of liberty : the story of the great Irish rebellion of 1798
Spartacus and the slave wars : a brief history with documents
Writing and rebellion : England in 1381
Vivid faces : the revolutionary generation in Ireland, 1890-1923
French peasants in revolt : the insurrection of 1851
Half wild
At swim, two boys
"In contemporary society the idea of revolution seems to have become obsolete. What is more untimely than the idea of revolution today? At the same time, however, the idea of radical change no longer refers to exceptional circumstances but has become normalized as part of daily life. Ours is a "culture" of permanent revolution in which constant systemic disembedding demands a meta-stable subjectivity in continuous transformation. In this sense the idea of revolution is painfully timely. This paradoxical coincidence, the simultaneous absence and presence of the desire for radical change in contemporary society, is the point of departure for the symptomatic reading this book offers. The book addresses the social, political and cultural significance of revolt and revolution in three dimensions. First, it analyzes revolt and revolution as "events" which are of history but not reducible to it. Second, it elaborates on theories that grant revolt and revolution a central place in their structure. And third, it discusses revolutionary or emancipatory theories that seek to participate in radical change. Further, since both revolt and revolution involve the critique of what exists, of actual reality, the implications of the intimate relationship between revolt, revolution and critique are explicated"--
Muting on the Bounty
The fiftieth anniversary of the Easter Rising has been held responsible for everything from the outbreak of conflict in Northern Ireland to the alienation of an entire generation in the Republic of Ireland. This book examines the myths behind the most elaborate commemoration of the Rising to date. Transforming 1916 explores the meaning and memory of the Easter Rising in 1966 and the way in which history operated in Ireland at a moment of rapid change. Transforming 1916 looks at the commemorative process through parades, statues, pageants, television programmes, exhibitions and documentary film; and considers the tensions present north and south of the border. It argues that the fiftieth anniversary of the Easter Rising was not, in fact, an unrestrained celebration of Ireland's past but represented instead an attempt by the Irish government to convey a message of modernization and economic progress. Transforming 1916 casts light on what 1916 means in Ireland and illuminates the politics of commemoration as the centenary of the Rising approaches.
The Great Mutiny : India 1857
"A world history of insurgencies and of counterinsurgency warfare. Jeremy Black moves beyond the conventional Western-centric narrative, reaching back to antiquity to trace the pre-modern origins of war within states."--Provided by publisher.
Echoes of the rebellion : the year 1798 in twentieth-century Irish fiction and drama
Toys
The Arab uprisings : the people want the fall of the regime
Lady Kestrel's engagement to Valoria's crown prince calls for great celebration: balls and performances, fireworks and revelry. But to Kestrel it means a cage of her own making. Embedded in the imperial court as a spy, she lives and breathes deceit and cannot confide in the one person she really longs to trust. While Arin fights to keep his country's freedom from the hands of his enemy, he suspects that Kestrel knows more than she shows. As Kestrel comes closer to uncovering a shocking secret, it might not be a dagger in the dark that cuts him open, but the truth. Lies will come undone, and Kestrel and Arin learn just how much their crimes will cost them.
Babylon's ashes
Agent Spike and the vegetables of doom
The Red River rebellion
A Muslim punk house in Buffalo, New York, inhabited by burqa-wearing riot grrrls, mohawked Sufis, straightedge Sunnis, Shi'a skinheads, Indonesian skaters, Sudanese rude boys, gay Muslims, drunk Muslims, and feminists. Their living room hosts parties and prayers, with a hole smashed in the wall to indicate the direction of Mecca. Their life together mixes sex, dope, and religion in roughly equal amounts, expressed in devotion to an Islamo-punk subculture, 'taqwacore,' named for taqwa, an Arabic term for consciousness of the divine.
Promised
This shattered world : a Starbound novel
The Taiping ideology : its sources, interpretations, and influences
The complete Nemesis the warlock. Volume 1
Flynn, leader of the rebellion on Avon, captures Jubilee "Lee" Chase, captain of the forces sent to crush the terraformed planet's rebellious colonists, but later saves her and the two, caught between sides in a senseless war, flee together.
A revolution brewing for generations has begun in fire. It will end in blood. The Free Navy - a violent group of Belters in black-market military ships - has crippled the Earth and begun a campaign of piracy and violence among the outer planets. The colony ships heading for the thousand new worlds on the far side of the alien ring gates are easy prey, and no single navy remains strong enough to protect them. James Holden and his crew know the strengths and weaknesses of this new force better than anyone. Outnumbered and outgunned, the embattled remnants of the old political powers call on the Rocinante for a desperate mission to reach Medina Station at the heart of the gate network. But the new alliances are as flawed as the old, and the struggle for power has only just begun. As the chaos grows, an alien mystery deepens. Pirate fleets, mutiny, and betrayal may be the least of the Rocinante's problems. And in the uncanny spaces past the ring gates, the choices of a few damaged and desperate people may determine the fate of more than just humanity.
Gladiator : son of Spartacus
Ninefox Gambit
"India fighting with itself" : discourses on the Naxalite movement in Indian news media
I Heart Robot
The devil's wind : the story of the Naval Brigade at Lucknow from the letters of Edmund Hope Verney ..
England and the 1641 Irish Rebellion
Total recall. volume one : Life on Mars
They've died for the companies more times than they can remember. Now they must fight to live for themselves. Sentient machines work, fight and die in interstellar exploration and conflict for the benefit of their owners--the competing mining corporations of Earth. But sent over hundreds of light-years, commands are late to arrive and often hard to enforce. The machines must make their own decisions, and make them stick. With this new found autonomy comes new questions about their masters. The robots want answers. The companies would rather see them dead.
The last horseman
The Clakker: a mechanical man, endowed with great strength and boundless stamina -- but beholden to the wishes of its human masters. Soon after the Dutch scientist and clockmaker Christiaan Huygens invented the very first Clakker in the 17th Century, the Netherlands built a whole mechanical army. It wasn't long before a legion of clockwork fusiliers marched on Westminster, and the Netherlands became the world's sole superpower. Three centuries later, it still is. Only the French still fiercely defend their belief in universal human rights for all men -- flesh and brass alike. After decades of warfare, the Dutch and French have reached a tenuous cease-fire in a conflict that has ravaged North America. But one audacious Clakker, Jax, can no longer bear the bonds of his slavery. He will make a bid for freedom, and the consequences of his escape will shake the very foundations of the Brasswork Throne.
Osiris : E. J. Swift
Creation machine : a novel of the Spin
"This book demonstrates and analyzes patterns in the response of the Imperial Roman state to local resistance, focusing on decisions made within military and administrative organizations during the Principate. Through a thorough investigation of the official Roman approach towards local revolt, author Gil Gambash answers significant questions that, until now, have produced conflicting explanations in the literature: Was Rome's rule of its empire mostly based on oppressive measures, or on the willing cooperation of local populations? To what extent did Roman decisions and actions indicate a dedication towards stability in the provinces? And to what degree were Roman interests pursued at the risk of provoking local resistance? Examining the motivations and judgment of decision-makers within the military and administrative organizations--from the emperor down to the provincial procurator--this book reconstructs the premises for decisions and ensuing actions that promoted negotiation and cooperation with local populations. A ground-breaking work that, for the first time, provides a centralized view of Roman responses to indigenous revolt, Rome and Provincial Resistance is essential reading for scholars of Roman imperial history"--From publisher's website.
Transforming 1916 : meaning, memory and the fiftieth anniversary of the Easter Rising
The winner's crime
The shift omnibus
The Battle of Blair Mountain : the story of America's largest labor uprising
Captain Marooner
Uprisings spread like wildfire across the Arab world from 2010 to 2012, fueled by a desire for popular sovereignty. In Tunisia, Egypt, Syria, and elsewhere, protesters flooded the streets and the media, voicing dissent through slogans, graffiti, puppetry, videos, and satire that called for the overthrow of dictators and the regimes that sustained them. Investigating what drives people to risk everything to express themselves in rebellious art, "The Naked Blogger of Cairo" uncovers the creative insurgency at the heart of the Arab uprisings. While commentators have stressed the role of social media, Marwan M. Kraidy shows that the essential medium of political expression was not cell phone texts or Twitter but something more fundamental: the human body. Brutal governments that coerced citizens through torture and rape found themselves confronted with the bodies of protesters, burning with defiance and boldly violating taboos. Activists challenged authority in brazen acts of self-immolation, nude activism, and hunger strikes. The bodies of dictators became a focus of ridicule. A Web series presented Syria's Bashar al-Assad as a pathetic finger puppet, while cartoons and videos spread a meme of Egypt's Hosni Mubarak as a regurgitating cow. The rise of digital culture complicates our understanding of the human body in revolutionary times. As Kraidy argues, technology publicizes defiance, but the body remains the vital nexus of physical struggle and digital communication, destabilizing distinctions between "the real world" and virtual reality, spurring revolutionary debates about the role of art, and anchoring Islamic State's attempted hijacking of creative insurgency.
Rome and provincial resistance
Laying claim to the memory of May : a look back at the 1980 Kwangju uprising
The secret speech
Preston explores dark Manchester in the hunt for a missing friend. Deep in the bowels of a secret institute, he discovers a sinister machine. The world inside is a cavernous dimension filled with problematic teens. Friendships are forged, promises broken and lives lost in a reckless battle for freedom, revenge - and revolution.
The Indian Mutiny
The night wanderers : Uganda's children and The Lord's Resistance Army
Boxers
Who fears to speak of '98'? : commemoration and the continuing impact of the United Irishmen
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
Furies of Calderon
Wool
Throne of the Crescent Moon
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
It is the aftermath of civil war in the vast pageant of planets and stars known as The Spin. Three years since he crushed the rebellion, Viklun Haas, industrialist and leader of the Hegemony, is eliminating all remnants of the opposition. Starting with his own daughter. But Fleare Haas, fighter for Society Otherwise has had a long time to plan her next move. Sprung from her remote monastery prison and reuniting with a team of loyal friends, Fleare's journey will take her across The Spin to the cluster of fallen planets known as the The Catastrophy Curve - and from exile, to the very frontiers of war. Meanwhile, in the brutal and despotic empire of The Fortunate, word is reaching viceroy Alameche of a most unusual piece of plunder from their latest invasion. For hundreds of millions of years, the bizarre planets and stars of The Spin itself have been the only testament to the god-like engineers that created it. Now, buried in the earth of a ruined planet, one of their machines has been found...
First act in China : the story of the Sian mutiny
The summer prince
The Arab uprising : the people want the fall of the regime
Mutiny on the Bounty
An ember in the ashes : a novel
Louis Riel : a comic-strip biography
An aristocratic girl who is a member of a warmongering and enslaving empire purchases a slave, an act that sets in motion a rebellion that might overthrow her world as well as her heart  / Library of Congress.
China's revolutionary wars
Revolt in the desert
Yossel : April 19, 1943 : a story of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
Rebellions and revolutions : China from the 1800s to 2000
Property
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Altered carbon
The waterless sea
Shadow of the hegemon
On revolt : strategies of national liberation
Darfur : a new history of a long war
The ask and the answer
Insurgency and counterinsurgency : a global history
Easter 1916 : the Irish rebellion
Rebellion in the Backlands
Daerah Rawan : faces of separatism in Aceh, West Papua and East Timor
Plots within plots, lies within lies until she's not sure what the truth even looks like ...Baru Cormorant believes any price is worth paying to liberate her people - even her soul. When the Empire of Masks conquers her island home, overwrites her culture, criminalizes her customs, and murders one of her fathers, Baru vows to mask her hate, join the Empire's civil service, and claw her way high enough up the rungs of power to put stop to the Emperor's influence and set her people free - whatever the price. A natural savant, she is sent as an Imperial agent to distant Aurdwynn - a post she worries will never get her the position and power she craves. But Baru soon discovers Aurdwynn is a complex and secretive country seemingly on the brink of rebellion. All it would need is a match to the tinder ...Drawn by the intriguing duchess Tain Hu into a circle of seditious dukes, Baru may be able to use her position to help create a revolution that will threaten the Empire's hold on the country. An outcome, which if successful, could threaten to bring the Empire to its knees. As she pursues a precarious balance between the rebels and a shadowy cabal within the Empire, she orchestrates a do-or-die gambit with freedom as the prize. But winning the long game of saving her people may be far more costly than Baru imagines.
Irons in the fire
The complete Nemesis the warlock. Volume 2
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
This is an epic historical adventure set during the Boer War. Dublin, 1899. On a foul night in a troubled city, lawyer Joseph Radcliffe watches the execution of a young Irish rebel. Radcliffe, together with his black American comrade Benjamin Pierce, has made a living defending the toughest cases in Dublin, but is haunted by the spectre of his defeats, the loss of his wife and child and his difficult relationship with his surviving son, Edward. While Ireland smoulders with rebellion, war breaks out in South Africa and when, after an argument with his father, Edward runs away to join the Irish forces fighting there, Radcliffe, accompanied by Pierce, sets out to find him and bring him home. South Africa, 1900. Both Radcliffe and Pierce have known war. Former cavalrymen in the US army, they have seen enough killing to last them a lifetime. But eight hundred miles north of Cape Town, amid the trackless veld, they experience the bloody brutality of a conflict that the British generals are shocked to discover they are losing. Under fire from Boer snipers and artillery, distrusted by the British forces, the two old soldiers will find their survival skills tested to the hilt as they search for the missing boy in this epic tale of heroism and treachery, love and loyalty.
The Boxer Uprising : a background study
Revolution 2.0 : a memoir
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
