http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9868 administrative policy
administrative policy
Local Decision Making : Articles from Poland, Czech Republic and Finland
China's governmentalities : governing change, changing government
Violence and the state in Languedoc, 1250-1400
A handbook of human resource management practice
Europeanization : new research agendas
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Putting our own house in order : examples of health-system action on socially determined health inequalities
The American political process
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Contesting the nation : religion, community, and the politics of democracy in India
Government strategy document 2007.
Public administration in the People's Republic of China
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
The Privy Council and the spirit of Elizabethan economic management, 1558-1603
The reach of the state : sketches of the Chinese body politic
Globalization and changes in China's governance
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Colonialism : a theoretical overview
Critical turning points in the Middle East : 1915 - 2015
'Very stimulating and intellectually exciting. In fact, I think it is one of the best books I have read for a long time' - Professor Carsten Greve, International centre for Business and Politics at the Copenhagen Business School. Publicness appears to be in decline or retreat in the face of markets, consumerism and individualism. Yet questions of public participation, public governance and the reform of public services are at the top of the political agenda in many countries. "Publics, Politics and Power" offers an innovative analysis of the changing fortunes of publicness. The book explores the emergence of new forms, sites and practices of publicness and the implications for public services. It examines the remaking of the public in the context of new formations of the nation, where issues of migration, diversity and faith challenge traditional forms of solidarity and citizenship. It traces the emergence of hybrid organizational forms and new strategies for governing publics and public services. It assesses some of the ways in which the public domain is being recast around notions of civil society, community, and populist participatory politics. Chapters include vignettes illustrating the book's core concepts, making this a useful teaching resource and valuable reading for students of public management, public and social policy, sociology and cultural studies, and for those working in public services. Janet Newman is a Professor of Social Policy at the Open University, and Director of the Publics Research Programme within the Centre for Citizenship, Identities and Governance. John Clarke is a Professor of Social Policy at the Open University. His research has centred on conflicts over the future of welfare states, public services and citizenship in the UK and elsewhere.
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
Three spirals of power/knowledge : scientific laboratories, environmental panopticons and emerging biopolitics
What Form of Government for the European Union and the Eurozone?
Women's land rights & privatization in Eastern Africa
High-quality services, good governance and a responsible civic society : guidelines of the policy of governance : background material
"A new introduction to the European Union which uses the lens of comparative politics. This approach helps students understand the EU through comparisons with domestic politics and links with broader debates in political science. The text is supported by numerous examples, and chapters include briefings, fact files and controversy boxes which highlight important information and controversial issues in EU politics to widen and deepen student understanding. The authors have developed online 'Navigating the EU' exercises that introduce students to useful sources of information on the internet and help them to analyse policy-making in the EU. This textbook is a comprehensive introduction to EU politics and covers history, theory, key institutions and participants, as well as policies and policy-making"--
Canada challenged : the viability of Confederation
Classics of public administration
The answers: North Korea
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Democratic Brazil revisited
From governing to governance : a process of change
High-quality services, good governance and a responsible civic society : guidelines of the policy of governance : the government resolution
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Ethnographies of grey zones in Eastern Europe : relations, borders and invisibilities
The state after communism : governance in the new Russia
"Discursive governance refers to implicit mechanisms of governance such as narratives, leitmotifs, and strategic metaphors in political language. It examines how the framing of policies affects political and social representations in accordance with the wishes of political authorities. Ad hoc discourses generate a space where politicians configure, transmit, and initiate politics ideationally, rather than vouchsafing substantial policy change with respect to governance. This book studies the dynamics of political discourse in governance processes. It demonstrates the process in which political discourses become normative mechanisms, first marking socially constructed realities in politics, second playing a role in delineating the subsequent policy frames, and third influencing the public sphere. The key contribution of this volume is tracing the discursive relationships among actors, namely governments and political parties, policy participants and societal actors, and the public in European nation states, intergovernmental organizations, subnational or regional entities, and geographies beyond Europe where European norms trigger ideational processes of change. The book extends earlier work in the field by exploring how policy and politics create social knowledge, make some ideas publicly salient, and bring together coalitions of actors that find certain policy alternatives attractive and eventually generate political and policy change"--
The real world of EU accountability : what deficit?
The Ainu of Northern Japan : a study in conquest and acculturation
In pursuit of sustainable development : new governance practices at the sub-national level in Europe
Power and prestige : the rise and fall of the Kongo Kingdom
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Eclipse of empire? : perceptions of the western empire and its rulers in late-medieval France
Governing electronically : e-government and the reconfiguration of public administration, policy and power
Violence and colonial order : police, workers and protest in the European colonial empires, 1918-1940
Building the new managerialist state : consultants and the politics of public sector reform in comparative perspectives
The quality of government : corruption, social trust, and inequality in international perspective
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
The pursuit of an administrative policy : a survey of Finnish governmental commissions on administration 1975-1987
Prisoner of the state : the secret journal of Zhao Ziyang
Contemporary China : from Mao to capitalism
China's changing political landscape : prospects for democracy
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Modern political systems : Europe
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Democracy administration
Redistributive regionalism : narratives on regionalisation in the Nordic periphery
Alcohol policy in Italy and Finland : a comparative perspective
Implementation theory and practice : toward a third generation
The behavioral foundations of public policy
Power and political culture in Suharto's Indonesia : the Indonesian Democratic Party (PDI) and decline of the new order (1986-98)
Towards sustainable development : indicators as a tool of local governance
Master of manipulation : Syngman Rhee and the Seoul-Washington alliance, 1953-1960
Webometric network analysis : mapping cooperation and geopolitical connections between local government administration on the web
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Governing : an introduction to political science
Conflicting logics? : implementing capacity and EU adaptation in a postcommunist context
The division of competences in the European Union
Rural transformations and development : China in context : the everyday lives of policies and people
Governance in China
China's second revolution : reform after Mao
Mao's invisible hand : the political foundations of adaptive governance in China
"Leading experts examine the prospects for democracy in the world's most populous nation and break down a number of issues in Chinese domestic politics, including changing leadership dynamics, the rise of business elites, increased demand for the rule of law, and shifting civil-military relations"--Provided by publisher.
Robust political economy : classical liberalism and the future of public policy
A note on the European Union's integrated maritime policy
China : contemporary political, economic, and international affairs
Good government : the relevance of political science
The British Empire and the Hajj, 1865-1956
Aquaculture development in China : the role of public sector policies
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Administrative theories and politics : an inquiry into the structure and processes of modern government
Under the black umbrella : voices from colonial Korea, 1910-1945
The European Union and its crises : through the eyes of the Brussels' elite
Personalising public services : understanding the personalisation narrative
Introduction to comparative politics : thirteen nation-states
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Publics, politics and power : remaking the public in public services
German identity began to take shape in the late Middle Ages during a period of political weakness and fragmentation for the Holy Roman Empire, the monarchy under which most Germans lived. Between the thirteenth and fifteenth centuries, the idea that there existed a single German people, with its own lands, language and character, became increasingly widespread, as was expressed in written works of the period. This book - the first on its subject in any language - poses a challenge to some dominant assumptions of current historical scholarship: that early European nation-making inevitably took place within the developing structures of the institutional state; and that, in the absence of such structural growth, the idea of a German nation was uniquely, radically and fatally retarded. In recounting the formation of German identity in the late Middle Ages, this book offers an important new perspective both on German history and on European nation-making.
Citizenship, borders, and human needs
Government responsiveness to family policy in Finland, Germany and Italy : a comparative perspective
New threats - old routines : bureaucratic adaptability in the security policy environment
Routledge Handbook of  Sports Development
China watching : perspectives from Europe, Japan and the United States
This title explores and compares trends in public management reform over the last 40 years in Britain, France, and Canada. It suggests that the rise and spread of managerialism in public bureaucracies is a process driven by the material interests of the management consultants who became powerful policy actors in public administration.
Presidential politics in Taiwan : the administration of Chen Shui-Bian
The Sage handbook of governance
The English Presbyterians and the Stuart restoration, 1648-1663
Justice, power and the political landscape
State building in Putin's Russia : policing and coercion after communism
Helsinki review of global governance : making sense of power
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Local decision making. II
Environment and planning. C, Government and policy
Incidental mortality in commercial fisheries around the world is a threat to seabirds and is causing decline in many breeding populations. Guidelines were prepared during this expert consultation to assist countries in developing policies and plans of action for reducing incidental catch and mortality of seabirds in fisheries.--Publisher's description.
The administration of Nigeria 1900-1960 : men, methods, and myths
"This book studies the dynamics of political discourse in governance processes. It demonstrates the process in which political discourses become normative mechanisms, first marking socially constructed realities in politics, second playing a role in delineating the subsequent policy frames, and third influencing the public sphere"--
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Environmental impact assessment : theory and practice
"Although it is often assumed that resurgent royal government eliminated so-called private warfare, the French judicial archives reveal nearly one hundred such wars waged in Languedoc and the Auvergne between the mid-thirteenth and the end of the fourteenth century. Royal administrators often intervened in these wars, but not always in order to suppress 'private violence' in favour of 'public justice.' They frequently recognised elites' own power and legitimate prerogatives, and elites were often fully complicit with royal intervention. Much of the engagement between royal officers and local elites came through informal processes of negotiation and settlement, rather than through the imposition of official justice. The expansion of royal authority was due as much to local cooperation as to conflict, a fact that ensured its survival during the fourteenth-century's crises. This book thus provides a new narrative of the rise of the French state and a fresh perspective on aristocratic violence"--
Progress for the poor
Post-conflict economies in Africa
Discursive governance in politics, policy, and the public sphere
The politics of the European Union
China in the 1980s : centre-province relations in a reforming socialist state
The rise and fall of Arab presidents for life
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
In recent years, remarkable progress has been made in behavioral research on a wide variety of topics, from behavioral finance, labor contracts, philanthropy, and the analysis of savings and poverty, to eyewitness identification and sentencing decisions, racism, sexism, health behaviors, and voting. Research findings have often been strikingly counterintuitive, with serious implications for public policymaking. In this book, experts in psychology, decision research, policy analysis, economics, political science, law, medicine, and philosophy explore major trends, principles, and general insights about human behavior in policy-relevant settings. Their work provides an understanding of the many drivers - cognitive, social, perceptual, motivational, and emotional - that guide behaviors in everyday settings. They give depth and insight into the methods of behavioral research, and highlight how this knowledge might influence the implementation of public policy for the improvement of society. This collection examines the policy relevance of behavioral science to our social and political lives, to issues ranging from health, environment, and nutrition, to dispute resolution, implicit racism, and false convictions. The book illuminates the relationship between behavioral findings and economic analyses, and calls attention to what policymakers might learn from this vast body of groundbreaking work. Wide-ranging investigation into people's motivations, abilities, attitudes, and perceptions finds that they differ in profound ways from what is typically assumed. The result is that public policy acquires even greater significance, since rather than merely facilitating the conduct of human affairs, policy actually shapes their trajectory. This is the first interdisciplinary look at behaviorally informed policymaking. It includes leading behavioral experts across the social sciences consider important policy problems.
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Local voices, national issues : the impact of local initiative in Japanese policy-making
European and North American policy change : drivers and dynamics
Intellectuals and apparatchiks : Russian nationalism and the Gorbachev revolution
The state and local government political dictionary
Governance theory as a framework for empirical research : a case study on local environmental policy-making in Helsinki, Finland
Ethnic diversity and the nation state : national cultural autonomy revisited
Korea under colonialism : the March First movement and Anglo-Japanese relations
Deviant knowledge : criminology, politics and policy
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practice Technical Guidelines for IPOA/NPOA-Seabirds : Bergen, Norway, 2-5 September 2008.
This work shows that research in political science does not always shy away from the big questions.
Public policy : an introduction to the theory and practice of policy analysis
Of Khans and Kremlins : Tatarstan and the future of ethno-federalism in Russia
Routledge handbook of Russian politics and society
German democracy : from post-World War II to the present day
The struggle for democracy
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
Transforming local governance : from Thatcherism to New Labour
Globalization, democratization and Asian leadership : power sharing, foreign policy and society in the Philippines and Japan
An ally and empire : two myths of South Korea-United States relations, 1945-1980
Do single-party and coalition governments differ in economic outcomes? : evidence from finnish municipalities
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
The shaping of German identity : authority and crisis, 1245-1414
Industrial, logistic an social future of the Murmansk region until 2025
"This book provides rare insights into the nature of contemporary, technologically-facilitated government. Its multidisciplinary approach demonstrates that information technology is more than a tool for politicians and policy-makers. E-government has reconfigured public administration, policy, power and citizenship"--Provided by publisher.
This book takes a novel look at the modern Middle East through the prisms of six cascading negative critical turning points. It identifies the seeds of a potential seventh in the collective dignity deficits generated by poor governance paradigms and exacerbated by geopolitical competition for the region's natural resources.
The Communist takeover of Hangzhou : the transformation of city and cadre, 1949-1954
Creating human resource policy for an SME company
Ballot box China : grassroots democracy in the final major one-party state
Barbed wire diplomacy : Britain, Germany, and the politics of prisoners of war, 1939-1945
