http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9867 Approach
Approach
Concept-based curriculum and instruction : teaching beyond the facts
Affordances and constraints : Second language learning in cleaning work
A review of settings-based health promotion with applications to sports clubs
Baltic Sea in Estonian and Finnish media : discussed topics and stakeholders
Perspectives on the unity and integration of knowledge
Knock out poverty - kick in development : a case study of sport and development in Tanzania
Security management process in distributed, large scale high performance systems
Language-meaning-social construction interdisciplinary studies
Consumers' attitudes toward mobile advertising : a rhetorical approach
Videoconferencing in ESP Classes : Learner-Centred Approach
Listening to children : being and becoming
Setting young children up for success:approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
Handbook for K-8 arts integration : purposeful planning across the curriculum
Investigating interdisciplinary collaboration : theory and practice across disciplines
Overview: People have been reading on computer screens for several decades now, predating popularization of personal computers and widespread use of the internet. But it was the rise of eReaders and tablets that caused digital reading to explode. In 2007, Amazon introduced its first Kindle. Three years later, Apple debuted the iPad. Meanwhile, as mobile phone technology improved and smartphones proliferated, the phone became another vital reading platform. In Words Onscreen, Naomi Baron, an expert on language and technology, explores how technology is reshaping our understanding of what it means to read. Digital reading is increasingly popular. Reading onscreen has many virtues, including convenience, potential cost-savings, and the opportunity to bring free access to books and other written materials to people around the world. Yet, Baron argues, the virtues of eReading are matched with drawbacks. Users are easily distracted by other temptations on their devices, multitasking is rampant, and screens coax us to skim rather than read in-depth. What is more, if the way we read is changing, so is the way we write. In response to changing reading habits, many authors and publishers are producing shorter works and ones that don't require reflection or close reading. In her tour through the new world of eReading, Baron weights the value of reading physical print versus online text, including the question of what long-standing benefits of reading might be lost if we go overwhelmingly digital. She also probes how the internet is shifting reading from being a solitary experience to a social one, and the reasons why eReading has taken off in some countries, especially the United States and United Kingdom, but not others, like France and Japan. Reaching past the hype on both sides of the discussion, Baron draws upon her own cross-cultural studies to offer a clear-eyed and balanced analysis of the ways technology is affecting the ways we read today-and what the future might bring.
Reading to, with, and by children
Arts : a science matter
Aquaculture development. 5, Use of wild fish as feed in aquaculture
Team-based learning : a transformative use of small groups
Crossing boundaries : knowledge, disciplinarities, and interdisciplinarities
Theodore L. Brown argues that most laypeople, and many scientists, do not have a clear understanding of how metaphor relates to scientific thinking.
"This book presents an interdisciplinary approach to educational contexts across cultures for the study of verbal and written linguistics in order to broaden students' communicative and problem solving abilities"--
Collaborative learning techniques : a handbook for college faculty
Interdisciplinary education in the age of assessment
Borrowed knowledge : chaos theory and the challenge of learning across disciplines
Classbuilding
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Interdisciplining digital humanities : boundary work in an emerging field
Interdisciplinarity has become a buzzword in academia, as research universities funnel their financial resources toward collaborations between faculty in different disciplines. In theory, interdisciplinary collaboration breaks down artificial divisions between different departments, allowing more innovative and sophisticated research to flourish. But does it actually work this way in practice? Investigating Interdisciplinary Collaboration puts the common beliefs about such research to the test, using empirical data gathered by scholars from the United States, Canada, and Great Britain. The book's contributors critically interrogate the assumptions underlying the fervor for interdisciplinarity. Their attentive scholarship reveals how, for all its potential benefits, interdisciplinary collaboration is neither immune to academia's status hierarchies, nor a simple antidote to the alleged shortcomings of disciplinary study.
Project-based learning across the disciplines : plan, manage, and assess through +1 pedagogy
Team-based learning for health professions education : a guide to using small groups for improving learning
This book provides a rich and accessible account of genre studies by a world-renowned applied linguist.The hardback edition discusses today's research world, its various configurations of genres, and the role of English within the genres. Theoretical and methodological issues are explored, with a special emphasis on various metaphors of genre. The book is full of carefully worded detail and each chapter ends with suggestions for pedagogical practice. The volume closes with evaluations of contrastive rhetoric, applied corpus linguistics, and critical approaches to EAP. Research Genres provides a rich and scholarly account of this key area.
"The Leonardo Effect ties together the whole primary curriculum by demonstrating the ways in which art and science can be integrated, allowing children to build up both skills and knowledge. It also equips teachers to teach in a more creative and inspiring manner improving children's engagement and attainment. The method aims to excite children's curiosity and to capture their imaginations, igniting a passion for self-motivated learning. Divided into two parts, the first section consists of overview chapters written by lecturers in Education who describe The Leonardo Effect's unique method of integrating art and science in detail, and the outcomes achievable. Part two comprises a series of illustrated case studies contributed by teachers and head teachers who have embedded The Leonardo Effect in their schools, found it has transformed their curriculum, and has been positively evaluated by inspectors. These case studies deal with: - literacy; - creativity; - disaffected learners; - learners with special needs; - school leadership; and - assessment. This book is based on the experiences of researchers, teachers and school leaders who tested The Leonardo Effect in primary schools throughout the British Isles. It has been shown to transform children's learning and raise attainment. Feedback from the schools demonstrates how it enhances teaching and learning. The Leonardo Effect is ideal for students and practising teachers, curriculum developers and academics working in the field of education"--
Post-foundational discourse analysis : from political difference to empirical research
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Identity" provides a clear and comprehensive survey of the field of language and identity from an applied linguistics perspective. Forty-one chapters are organised into five sections covering: theoretical perspectives informing language and identity studies; key issues for researchers doing language and identity studies; categories and dimensions of identity; identity in language learning contexts and among language learners; future directions for language and identity studies in applied linguistics Written by specialists from around the world, each chapter will introduce a topic in language and identity studies, provide a concise and critical survey, in which the importance and relevance to applied linguists is explained and include further reading. This is an essential purchase for advanced undergraduate and postgraduate students of Linguistics, Applied Linguistics and TESOL.
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Aquaculture development. 6, Use of wild fishery resources for capture-based aquaculture
Ready to read : a multisensory approach to language-based comprehension instruction
The person-oriented approach to burnout : A systematic review
Charles S. Peirce (1839-1914) is known as a logician, philosopher, mathematician and physicist. He is one of the most important thinkers in the modern history of science. In the late and most important phase of his work (1891-1909), he wrote thematic essays and lectures selected explicitly as a series for the periodical The Monist. His contributions, of which only excerpts and heavily revised versions have been published thus far, are given in full publication in the Monist texts in this volume intended as a contemporary approach to the highly heterogeneous work of Peirce. It is an attempt to divulge Peirce's thoughts to the international scientific public without editorial modifications. The central objective of the Monist series is the creation of a semiotic methodology. The papers present statements on universal laws, logic, emotions, cognition, desire, experience and knowledge. Besides its relevance in the philosophical and cultural image of research in cognitive science and logic, it is shown by the topics discussed by Peirce that these essays have high relevance for the contemporary natural sciences.
Dyslexia and mental health : investigations from differing perspectives
Fact and fiction : literature across the curriculum
Integrated studies in the secondary school
Words onscreen : the fate of reading in a digital world
Deductive and inductive approaches in teaching singular and plural nouns in English
Organizational effectiveness as perceived by Jyväskylä Sports Centre stakeholders
Content-Based Approach in Exploring the Cognitive Structure of Values
Style in the translation process : a description of the translation process of two short  stories by Carol Shields
Shaping of European Education : Interdisciplinary approaches
Enhancing citizen response to crises through communication : investigating expert views
Becoming interdisciplinary : an introduction to interdisciplinary studies
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
Tribes and territories in the 21st century : rethinking the significance of disciplines in higher education
More than magnets : exploring the wonders of science in preschool and kindergarten
This book examines how literary texts can be incorporated into teaching practices in an EFL classroom. It takes a multi-faceted approach to how English language teaching and learning can best be developed through presentation and exploration of literary texts.
Reconnection : dualism to holism in literary study
Establishing Usability for Interactive Music Applications that Use Embodied Mediation Technology
The search for mind : a new foundation for cognitive science
Rewiring the "nation" : the place of technology in American studies
Nuclear density functional theory with a semi-contact 3-body interaction
Discourse analysis & human and social sciences
Understanding scientific literatures : a bibliometric approach
Interdisciplinarity and higher education
Front-line supervisors’ capability needs : a case study of a Finnish industrial company
What every student should know about writing across the curriculum
Research Genres : Explorations and Applications
Getting started with team-based learning
Discusses the rise of e-readers and how their popularity is affecting the way people read books, the way people write books, and what might be lost if reading goes entirely digital.-- Publisher's description.
Particle identification in ALICE: a Bayesian approach
Interdisciplinary studies in musicology : report from the second Interdisciplinary Conference, Poznań, October 15-16, 1993
The emotions of foreign language teachers in relation to students
Primary Student-Teachers’ Practical Knowledge of Inquiry-Based Science Teaching and Classroom Communication of Climate Change
Investigating occupational well-being and leadership from a person-centred longitudinal approach: congruence of well-being and perceived leadership
The range, speed and scale of Europeanizing effects in education, and their complexity, has produced a relatively new field of study. Using scholarship and research drawn from sociology, politics and education, this book examines the rise of international and transnational policy and the flow of data and people around Europe to study Europeanizing processes and situations in education.Each chapter creates a space for policy research on European education, involving a range of disciplines to develop empirical studies about European institutions, networks and processes; the interplay between pol.
Handbook of research on teaching methods in language translation and interpretation
The Leonardo effect : motivating children to achieve through interdisciplinary learning
Introducing Dialogic Teaching to Science Student Teachers
Interdisciplinarity : reconfigurations of the social and natural sciences
Analytical approach for the problems of dynamics and stability of a moving web
Literature and language learning in the EFL classroom
The Very Basics of Consumption from a Sociological Perspective
Contending rhetorics : writing in academic disciplines
New trends in integrated science teaching. Vol. 4, Evaluation of integrated science education
Creating standards-based integrated curriculum : aligning curriculum, content, assessment, and instruction
"Through a series of exquisite encounters with children, and through a lucid opening up of new aspects of poststructuralist theorizing, Bronwyn Davies opens up new ways of thinking about, and intra-acting with, children. This book carefully guides the reader through a wave of thought that turns the known into the unknown, and then slowly, carefully, makes new forms of thought comprehensible, opening, through all the senses, a deep understanding of our embeddedness in encounters with each other and with the material world. This book takes us into Reggio-Emilia-inspired Swedish preschools in Sweden, into the author's own community in Australia, into poignant memories of childhood, and offers the reader insights into:new ways of thinking about children and their communities; the act of listening as emergent and alive; ourselves as mobile and multiple subjects; the importance of remaining open to the not-yet-known.Defining research as diffractive, and as experimental, Davies' relationship to the teachers and pedagogues she worked with is one of co-experimentation. Her relationship with the children is one in which she explores the ways in which her own new thinking and being might emerge, even as old ways of thinking and being assert themselves and interfere with the unfolding of the new. She draws us into her ongoing experimentation, asking that we think hard, all the while delighting our senses with the poetry of her writing, and the stories of her encounters with children. "--
Transitioning to concept-based curriculum and instruction : how to bring content and process together
Perspectives on small group learning : theory and practice
Burnout, work engagement and workaholism among highly educated employees : Profiles, antecedents and outcomes
"Current teaching, learning and assessment practices can lead students to believe that courses within a programme are self-sufficient and separate. Integrative Learning explores this issue, and considers how intentional learning helps students become integrative thinkers who can see connections in seemingly disparate information, and draw on a wide range of knowledge to make decisions. Written by international contributors who engaged reflectively with their teaching and their students' learning, the book seeks to develop a shared language of integrative learning, encouraging students to adapt skills learned in one situation to problems encountered in another, and make autonomous connections across courses, between experiences, and throughout their lives. More informed teachers can help students develop the necessary attributes for intentional learning, which include having a sense of purpose, fitting fragmentary information into a 'learning framework', understanding something of their own learning processes, asking probing questions, reflecting on their own choices, and knowing when to ask for help. Integrative Learning draws on international research and vast studies to provide the reader with the resources to ensure access to a unified learning experience. The book discusses conceptual and technical tools necessary for facilitating integrative learning across a range of disciplines as well as providing learning pedagogies and considers integrative learning in the context of the relevance of higher education in the complexity and uncertainty of the 21st century. It will appeal to academics and researchers in the field of higher education, as well as those generating higher education curriculums"--
Effective staff training in social care : from theory to practice
Studio thinking : the real benefits of visual arts education
Teaching language arts
Dynamics and terminology : an interdisciplinary perspective on monolingual and multilingual culture-bound communication
Combating social exclusion of young people with ICT applications
Emergence and convergence : qualitative novelty and the unity of knowledge
Developing a Conceptual Framework for Investigating Communication Supporting Community Resilience
Two case studies on real time quality cost measurement in software business
The multicultural classroom : readings for content-area teachers
The Routledge handbook of language and identity
Literacy and the inclusive classroom
Integrative learning : international research and practice
In defense of disciplines : interdisciplinarity and specialization in the research university
Cultural studies, interdisciplinarity and translation
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Computer games and team and individual learning
Interprofessional education in Europe : policy and practice
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Fisheries management. 2, The ecosystem approach to fisheries. 2.2, The human dimensions of the ecosystem approach to fisheries
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Metacommunity structuring in stream systems:disentangling
the roles of regional and local processes
Mobile technology for interest-based communities: concept design with a knowledge-based approach
Interdisciplinary teaching through physical education
The logic of interdisciplinarity : "The Monist" -series
Encompassing gender : integrating international studies and women's studies
Appraising research : evaluation in academic writing
Making truth : metaphor in science
Theoretical and pedagogical perspectives on orchestrating creativity and collaborative learning
Interdisciplinarity in the social sciences
Introduction to interdisciplinary studies
Designing texts : teaching visual communication
What is the relationship between discourse analysis and its more recent companion disciplines such as sociology, political science and information and communication sciences, at their point of convergence between the symbolic and the social? What is the place and role of discourse analysis in Europe? This title deals with these questions..
Cross-curricular teaching and learning in the secondary school: English : the centrality of language in learning
Critical discourse analysis : theory and interdisciplinarity
"This book is an exploration of how writers take an evaluative stance in academic writing from the point of view of Appraisal theory. It focuses on introductions to research articles in English across a range of disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
Crisis Communication Competence in Co-Producing Safety with Citizen Groups
Family grief and recovery process when a baby dies:a qualitative study of family grief and healing processes after fetal or baby loss
Environmental print in the classroom : meaningful connections for learning to read
The dissolution process of a business relationship:a case study from tailored software business
Reading across the disciplines : college reading and beyond
The dialogical turn : new roles for sociology in the postdisciplinary age
Rethinking collaborative learning
Teachers' emotions related to students : a critical review
Engineering Students' Experiences in Studying Entrepreneurship
Science's first mistake : delusions in pursuit of theory
Interprofessional e-learning and collaborative work : practices and technologies
Presented with the task of preparing students for life in a rapidly shrinking world, even scholars teaching in cross-disciplinary areas like women's studies may find themselves overwhelmed by the need to cross disciplinary and geographic borders-often in defiance of academic traditions and prejudices. And some faculty are leading the way to a curriculum that reflects the forces of globalization. Encompassing Gender is an anthology of more than 40 essays by 60 scholars, many of them working in groups that cut across the humanities, the sciences, and the social sciences, all of them committed to an interdisciplinary approach to internationalizing the curriculum. These scholar-teachers promote the discovery of more diverse and global perspectives. Strategies for focus are key. The volume includes essays, course syllabi, annotated bibliographies and videographies, as well as novel teaching strategies and suggestions for a variety of international materials. The contributors take a fully integrated approach to such transformational curricular work, recommending both theoretical perspectives and specific strategies for teaching.
Storyline : past, present & future
Family firms and networks : the role of trust and commitment : a case study of two Finnish furniture networks
Knowledge that counts in a global community : exploring the contribution of the integrated curriculum
Creating interdisciplinarity : interdisciplinary research and teaching among college and university faculty
Dialogue in Spanish : studies in functions and contexts
In role : teaching and learning dramatically
Stakeholder approach to tourism product development: a Nordic perspective
Absolute values and the unity of the sciences : the origin and human responsibility : commemorative volume of the Twentieth International Conference on the Unity of the Sciences, 1995.
Interprofessionalism, an emerging model and philosophy of multi-disciplinary and multi-agency working, has increasingly become an important means of cultivating joint endeavors across varied and diverse disciplinary and institutional settings. This book is an important source for understanding how interprofessionalism can be promoted and enhanced at various levels in learners' educational experiences, particularly with regard to e-learning and reusable learning objects, given the potential to cross boundaries of time, location and academic disciplines. It provides relevant theoretical frameworks and the latest case driven research findings to improve understanding of interprofessional possibilities through e-learning at the level of universities, networks and organizations, teams and work groups, information systems and at the level of individuals as actors in the networked environments.
Building self through foreign language learning : a case study of four adult language learners' emerging identities
