http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p986 vocal exercises
vocal exercises
Born to sing : vocal technique
The rock-n-roll singer's survival manual
An introductory lesson with David Jones : a resource for voice teachers and singers
Your singing voice : contemporary techniques, expression, and spirit
Lead singer : vocal techniques : heavy rock to metal. Level 1
The singer's voice
The handbook for working singers
Lead singer : vocal techniques pop to rock. Level 1
A new tune a day. Performance pieces for alto saxophone
Daniel Zangger Borch's ultimate vocal voyage : the definitive method for unleashing the rock, pop or soul singer within you
Singing for dummies
Vocal technique : developing your voice for performance
A sound education : 100 exercises in listening and sound-making
The actor speaks : voice and the performer
The doo-be-doo pop collection : vocal warm-up exercises
Voice : onstage and off
Jazz warm-ups and vocalises
Loop songs : 44 warm-up and performance studies for jazz, pop and gospel choirs : SATB a cappella
Speech for the stage
Rock vocals : the correct way to develop your rock voice
Hear it and sing it! : exploring the blues
Vocal exercise physiology
Teach yourself to sing : everything you need to know to start singing now!
Secrets of singing. Male (low & high voice)
Ultrasound imaging and low back pain
Vocalizing with ease : a self-improvement guide
Belting : a guide to healthy, powerful singing
You can sing : Carrie & David Grant's essential guide for aspiring pop stars
Breath in action : the art of breath in vocal and holistic practice
Making more sense of how to sing : multisensory techniques for voice lessons and choir rehearsals
A voice of your own
Lead singer : vocal techniques : pop to rock. Level 2
Vocal technique : a guide to finding your real voice
Hear it and sing it! : exploring modal jazz
The complete vocal workout : a step-by-step guide to tough vocals
The actor speaks   : voice and the performer
Sight singing made simple : an audio course for group or self study
How to "khöömei" and other singing styles
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
The voice sourcebook
Rock vocals
Intervention study measuring thickness of the Transversus abdominis muscle in young adults with sub-acute low back pain by Ultrasound Imaging
Sing! : vocal warm-ups for all styles
Learn to sing vocals : everything you need to get started
Using voice and theatre in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy
The structures and movement of breathing : primer for choirs and choruses
Sing your best : seven vocal exercises that really work
The new voice pedagogy
This is a voice : 99 exercises to train, project and harness the power of your voice
Semioccluded vocal tract exercises : a physiologic approach for voice training and therapy
The voice book : caring for, protecting, and improving your voice
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Vocal exercises : [for building strength, endurance and facility]
The naked voice : a wholistic approach to singing
Lead singer : vocal techniques : heavy rock to metal. Level 2
The Zen of screaming : vocal instruction for a new breed. 2, The sequel to the internationally acclaimed bible for lead vocalists
"This book presents a lucid and multi-levelled account of the human voice in the context of performance - expressive theatrical performance and the performance of everyday communication. The logical progression of exercises is designed for professional actors, student actors, teachers of acting, teachers of voice and speech and anyone interested in vocal expression. The emphasis of the work is on the removal of the physical and psychological blocks that inhibit the human vocal instrument and its objective is a voice in direct contact with emotional impulse, shaped by the intellect but not restricted by it." "This revised and expanded edition emphasises the use of imagery and imagination in developing the art of the voice. It incorporates exercises developed over the past three decades that have stood the test of repetition, reliably producing results when practised conscientiously and with understanding. Once the voice is free it can connect viscerally with language, transforming interpretative skills. The final section of this edition provides an in-depth guide to text interpretation. Knowing how to connect language with breath and voice is a golden key to hang on the chain of the actors' craft."--BOOK JACKET.
Singing for the stars : a complete program for training your voice
The human nature of the singing voice : exploring a holistic basis for sound teaching and learning
Sightsinging : the complete method for singers
Vocal strength & power / boost your singing with proper technique and breathing
Voice work : art and science in changing voices
Voice and speech training in the new millennium : conversations with master teachers
The voice book : for everyone who wants to make the most of their voice
The voice and voice therapy
Improving voice and articulation
The Zen of screaming : vocal instruction for a new breed
The art of singing : discovering and developing your true voice
Voicecoaching : the training concept for a better voice
12 contemporary jazz etudes. C instruments : flute, guitar, violin, vibes, keyboard
Speech development guide for children with hearing loss
Summary.
The use and training of the human voice : a bio-dynamic approach to vocal life
The vocal vision : views on voice by 24 leading teachers, coaches & directors
Contemporary singing techniques : men's edition
On speaking voice exercises : a study on the acoustic and physiological effects of speaking voice exercises applying manipulation of the acoustic-aerodynamic state of the supraglottic space and artificially modified auditory feedback
Vocal warm-ups : 200 exercises for choral and solo singers
Training the speaking voice
Exercises for voice therapy
The contemporary singer : elements of vocal technique
Born to sing
'Belting' picks up where the author's first book, 'Your singing voice' left off. It teaches how to sing loud, powerful vocals that won't hurt, crack, sound bad, or stop your vocal chords from functioning properly.
Born to sing : the vocal power method
The private voice studio handbook : a practical guide to all aspects of teaching
Tips for singers : performing, auditioning and rehearsing
Rock your vox : vocal performance : instruction
Learn to sing vocals
Contemporary singing techniques : Women's edition
Freeing the natural voice : imagery and art in the practice of voice and language
Elina, mistress of Laukko : a novel
