http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9871 intuition
intuition
Husserl and analytic philosophy
Gut feelings : short cuts to better decision making
"Explains intuition as an innate and universal biological and neurological function of the human body, and teaches practical techniques for learning to use intuition. Author is a coach and consultant who has presented to law enforcement, athletes, health care providers, business leaders, and entertainers"--
The magic path of intuition
Creative intuition in art and poetry
The Nature and function of intuitive thought and decision making
The web of belief
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
Space, geometry and aesthetics : through Kant and towards Deleuze
On Brouwer
The invisible gorilla and other ways our intuition deceives us
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Blink : the power of thinking without thinking
Intuition as managerial tool
Seen/unseen : art, science, and intuition from Leonardo to the Hubble telescope
Cognitive style : theoretical underpinnings, critique and practical implications of a model
Intuition at work : why developing your gut instincts will make you better at what you do
Intuition : the inside story : interdisciplinary perspectives
Intuitive predictions and professional forecasts : cognitive processes and social consequences
Bodies of knowledge : embodied learning in adult education
Intuition in judgment and decision making
Pragmatics as a tour de force : fiction writers as intuitive pragmalinguists
The routines of decision making
Intuitionistic logic model theory and forcing
Intuition : evaluating the construct and its impact on creative thinking
The transcendental how : Kant's transcendental deduction of objective cognition
Intuition : its powers and perils
Intuition pumps and other tools for thinking
"How reliable is our intuition? How much should we depend on gut-level instinct rather than rational analysis when we play the stock market, choose a mate, hire an employee, or assess our own abilities? In this engaging and accessible book, David G. Myers shows us that while intuition can provide us with useful - and often amazing - insights, it can also dangerously mislead us."--BOOK JACKET.
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Intercultural competence and intuition : an integrative approach
Self in the theoretical writings of Sartre and Kant : a revisionist study
Deviant logic : some philosophical issues
Creative evolution
Emotional understanding : studies in psychoanalytic epistemology
Intuitions
Earthdream : the marriage of reason and intuition
How to have a beautiful mind
Handbook of intuition research
First intelligence : using the science & spirit of intuition
Inside intuition
Effective decision making : the essential guide to thinking for management success
The intuitive manager
Synchronicity and intellectual intuition in Kant, Swedenborg, and Jung
Three weeks to a year
Intuition
Gut feelings : the intelligence of the unconscious
Developing intuition : practical guide for daily life
Intuition in science and mathematics : an educational approach
Intuitions and Experimental Philosophy
Intuition and science
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
The limits of analysis
Intuitionism
No ordinary disruption : the four global forces breaking all the trends
Intuition, imagination, and philosophical methodology
The Eureka Factor: Creative Insights and the Brain
Psychologist Daniel Kahneman reveals the truth about our intuitions and rationality to teach us how to better our lives. He explores the fascinating flaws and marvels of human behaviour and reveals to us the common errors in people's beliefs.
Intuition unleashed : on the application and development of intuition in the creative process
Natural logic : exploring decision and intuition
How audiences decide : a cognitive approach to business communication
Educating intuition
On intuition and discursive reasoning in Aristotle
Understanding and teaching the intuitive mind : student and teacher learning
The invisible gorilla : and other ways our intuition deceives us
Rational Intuition : Philosophical Roots, Scientific Investigations
Creative intuition in art and poetry : the A. W. Mellon lectures in fine arts, National gallery of art, Washington
Foundations for tracing intuition : challenges and methods
Perception in Kant's model of experience
(Mis)understanding and learning of feedback relations in a simple dynamic system
Intuition : how we think and act
Symbol and intuition : comparative studies in Kantian and Romantic-period aesthetics
The role of intuitions in philosophical methodology
Strange girls and ordinary women
Anatomy of the spirit : the seven stages of power and healing
The holographic canvas : the fusing of mind and matter
Cold courage
Phenomenology and imagination in Husserl and Heidegger
Intuition in organizations : leading and managing productively
This thesis explores whether intuition is and can be used as a managerial tool, how it could be done and to what extent intuition is used by managers. The main aim is to explain intuition and its use to managers in a holistic manner. The definition of intuition used in the text can be summarised by Frances E. Vaughan: "At any given moment one is conscious of only a small portion of what one knows. Intuition allows one to draw on that vast storehouse of unconscious knowledge that includes not only everything that one has experienced or learned, either consciously or subliminally, but also the infinite reservoirs of the collective or universal unconscious, in which individual separateness and ego boundaries are transcended." (Agor 1986; 158)  The thesis presents the five ways of communication: verbal, physical, emotional, power and the more in-depth discussed intuitive communication. Three different kinds of intuition have also been recognised. These consist of subliminal observation, synthesizing and real intuition. The quantum skills are presented, since they encompass many issues concerning intuition. Intuition is seen as a mental skill, which can be developed and a few techniques, which enhance intuition are presented. The tools for recognising authentic intuition as well as a test on ones intuition have also been included.  How exactly the human mind work most effectively is essential for the thesis. The question rationality versus intuitiveness is brought forward. Research shows that the two concepts are much closer than commonly believed. Neither intuition nor rational thinking used on its own by managers imply effectiveness. However, the ones making use of their intuition sided with rational analysis seem to have a relation to effectiveness. The thesis discusses the research found applied to different managerial tasks. Finally, a need for a management model supporting both the rational and intuitive side of managers is brought forward as well as the need for further research is discussed.
The power of intuition : how to use your gut feelings to make better decisions at work
Intuition in managerial decision making : influencing factors
Jung and intuition : on the centrality and variety of forms of intuition in Jung and post-Jungians
Creative engineering design
Decision makers' use of intuition at the front end of innovation
Science as a spiritual practice
Intuition : the new frontier of management
Make It Intuitive: An Evaluation Practice Emergent from the Plans and Scripted Behavior of the Computer-Community of Practice
Mathematical intuition : phenomenology and mathematical knowledge
Philosophy without intuitions
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
Intuition and decision-making: - a new way of thinking
In defense of intuitions : a new rationalist manifesto
Intuitionism : an introduction
Fiction, intuition, & creativity : studies in Brontë, James, Woolf, and Lessing
Moral emotions and intuitions
Intuition is not some magical and mysterious property that arises unbidden from the depths of our mind. This book shows us how we can hone our instinctive ability to know in an instant, helping us to bring out the best in our thinking and become better decision-makers in our everyday life.
Thinking, fast and slow
Why people don't heal and how they can
Ethical intuitionism
Intuition and ideality
Intuition of the instant
A different journey : the puzzle behind the production
Epistemology : theory of knowledge
Mind, brain, and education : neuroscience implications for the classroom
The theory of intuition in Husserl's phenomenology
Intuition and entrepreneurs : a phenomenological study of managerial intuition of Finnish family entrepreneurs
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
Intuitions in human-technology interaction design
Make it intuitive : an evaluation practice emergent from the plans and scripted behavior of the computer-community of practice
Discussions on some educational issues. 9
Intuition and analysis at work : the role of cognitive style in experiences of work contexts
Ethical intuitionism : re-evaluations
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
What is intuition? What constitutes an intuitive process? Why are intuition concepts important? After many years of scholarly neglect, interest in intuition is now exploding in psychology and cognitive science. Moreover, intuition is also enjoying a renaissance in philosophy. Yet no single definition of intuition appears in contemporary scholarship; there is no consensus on the meaning of this concept in any discipline. Rational Intuition focuses on conceptions of intuition in relation to rational processes. Covering a broad range of historical and contemporary contexts, prominent philosophers, psychologists, and cognitive scientists explore how intuition is implicated in rational activity in its diverse forms. In bringing the philosophical history of intuition into novel dialogue with contemporary philosophical and empirical research, Lisa M. Osbeck and Barbara S. Held invite a comparison of the conceptions and functions of intuition, thereby clarifying and advancing conceptual analysis across disciplines.
History and philosophy of science. 22, Induction and intuition in scientific thought
Rethinking intuition : the psychology of intuition and its role in philosophical inquiry
Sisterland : a novel
The art of listening : intuition & improvisation in choreography
Intuitive formation of meaning : symposium held in Stockholm, April 20-21 1998
Current controversies in experimental philosophy
Nutrition for intuition
