http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9889 art of printing
art of printing
Books in early modern Norway
Irish type design : a history of printing types in the Irish character
A dictionary of the art of printing
Cheap print and popular piety 1550-1640
Printing to-day
The book : a cover-to-cover exploration of the most powerful object of our time
Print culture and peripheries in early modern Europe : a contribution to the history of printing and the book trade in small European and Spanish cities
Mechanick exercises : or, The doctrine of handy-works applied to the art of printing
Historical aspects of printing and publishing in languages of the Middle East : papers from the Third Symposium on the History of Printing and Publishing in the Languages and Countries of the Middle East, University of Leipzig, September 2008
The woman who discovered printing
A concise illustrated history of chinese printing
Graphic arts encyclopedia
How a book is made
A history of the old English letter foundries
Anatomy of printing : the influences of art and history on its design
The British Library guide to printing : history and techniques / Michael Twyman
Encyclopaedia of type faces
The coming of the book : the impact of printing 1450-1800
Fashion & Virtue : textile patterns and the print revolution 1520-1620
Books and readers in early modern England : material studies
Letterpress now : a Diy guide to new & old printing methods
Catalogue de reproductions en couleurs de peintures 1860 à 1957 = Catalogue of colour reproductions of paintings 1860 to 1957 = Catálogo de reproducciones en color de pinturas 1860 a 1957
Renaissance Cultural Crossroads : translation, print and culture in Britain, 1473-1640
Reformations : three medieval authors in manuscript and movable type
The coming of the book : the impact of printing, 1450-1800
Four centuries of fine printing : two hundred and seventy-two examples of the work of presses established between 1465 and 1924
The Gutenberg revolution : a history of print culture
Modern print activism in the United States
Printing, writers, and readers in Renaissance Italy
Printed matters : printing, publishing and urban culture in Europe in the modern period
Reveals how books and the materials that make them reflect the history of human civilization, tracing the development of writing, printing, illustrating, and binding to demonstrate the transition from cuneiform tablets and papyrus scrolls to the mass-distributed books of today.
The diaspora of Armenian printing 1512-2012 : Amsterdam − Yerevan 2012
Letterpress now : a DIY guide to new & old printing methods
White magic : the age of paper
The Gutenberg revolution : the story of a genius and an invention that changed the world
The brave new world of publishing : the symbiotic relationship between printing and book publishing
Modern typography : an essay in critical history
Outlines of the history of printing in Finland
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 5, pt. 1, Chemistry and chemical technology, pt. 1 : Paper and printing
A history of European printing
The British Library guide to printing : history and techniques
The Kallierges Pindar : a study in Renaissance Greek scholarship and printing
Books and society in history : papers of the Association of College and Research Libraries Rare Books and Manuscripts Preconference 24-28 June, 1980, Boston, Massachusetts
The printing press as an agent of change : communications and cultural transformations in early modern Europe. Vol. 1
The cultural uses of print in early modern France
Bookmaking : the illustrated guide to design/production/editing
The well-made book : essays & lectures
Counterpunch : making type in the sixteenth century, designing typefaces now
Drawing on various types of book listing, this study explores the market for books in early modern Norway. Book ownership by different elements of Norwegian society is addressed alongside changes in patterns of book distribution.
Charta of Greek printing : the contribution of Greek editors, printers, and publishers in Italy and the West. Vol. 1, Fifteenth century
The 26 letters
The encyclopaedia of type faces
Printing and publishing culture : proceedings of the 3rd International Symposium
Technique and technology : script, print and poetics in France, 1470-1550
Wynkyn de Worde, father of Fleet Street
Johann Gutenberg : the man and his invention
Print culture in early modern France : Abraham Bosse and the purposes of print
ABC for book collectors
From oracles bones to E-publications : three millennia of publishing in China
Baroque antiquity : archaeological imagination in early modern Europe
Picturing experience in the early printed book : Breydenbach's Peregrinatio from Venice to Jerusalem
Book typography 1815-1965 in Europe and the United States of America
Aldus Manutius and Renaissance culture : essays in memory of Franklin D. Murphy : acts of an international conference, Venice and Florence, 14-17 June 1994
We may love books, but do we know what lies behind them? In The Book, Keith Houston reveals that the paper, ink, thread, glue, and board from which a book is made tell as rich a story as the words on its pages--of civilizations, empires, human ingenuity, and madness. In an invitingly tactile history of this 2,000-year-old medium, Houston follows the development of writing, printing, the art of illustrations, and binding to show how we have moved from cuneiform tablets and papyrus scrolls to the hardcovers and paperbacks of today. Sure to delight book lovers of all stripes with its lush, full-color illustrations, The Book gives us the momentous and surprising history behind humanity's most important--and universal--information technology.
Paradigms lost : the life and deaths of the printed word
Texts in transit : manuscript to proof and print in the fifteenth century
A millenium of the book : production, design & illustration in manuscript & print 900-1900
Five hundred years of printing
Northern English books, owners, and makers in the late Middle Ages
Encyclopedia of the book
The Smithsonian book of books
Annals of printing : a chronological encyclopaedia from the earliest times to 1950
English summary: A Study on the early printing arts in the period of Silla and Koryo.
Bookmaking : the illustrated guide to design and production
Typographia : an historical sketch of the origin and progress of the art of printing
Handbook of early advertising art mainly from American sources : typographical and ornamental volume
One hundred books about bookmaking : a guide to the study and appreciation of printing
Theatre of the book, 1480-1880 : print, text, and performance in Europe
True to type
A history of the old English letter foundries / : with notes, historical and bibliographical, on the rise and progress of English typography
An introduction to book history
Divine art, infernal machine : the reception of printing in the West from first impressions to the sense of an ending
Books of secrets : natural philosophy in England, 1550-1600
The art & history of books
Hangug-ǔi ch'aekp'an munyang = The Patterns of book cover design in Korea 1392-1945
Demonstrates how printmakers of the Northern Renaissance, far from merely illustrating the ideas of others, contributed to scientific investigations of their time. This title features reproductions of woodcuts, engravings, and etchings; maps, globe gores, and globes; and, paper scientific instruments used for observation and measurement.
Caxton in focus : the beginning of printing in England
The printing press as an agent of change : communications and cultural transformations in early-modern Europe : volumes 1 and 2
A short history of the printed word
The Gutenberg galaxy : the making of typographic man
Type : the secret history of letters
Talking the boundless book : art, language, and the book arts : essays from Art & language, re-reading the boundless book
Typo graphics : the art and science of type design in context
The printer's grammar
Book collecting as one of the fine arts : and other essays
Handbook of early advertising art mainly from American sources : pictorial volume
Adventure and art : the first one hundred years of printing : an exhibition of books, woodcuts, and illustrated leaves printed between 1455 and 1555 : November 17, 1998 - April 15, 1999, Rutgers University Libraries Special Collections and University Archives, Rutgers the State University of New Jersey
Gutenberg : the master printer
Illustrated collection of eight essays examining the relationship between print and art from the sixteenth through the twentieth century. Explores the role of the book trade in the dissemination of artistic theory, fashion, and practice, and the influence of aesthetic trends on book design. Part of the Publishing Pathways series.
The author of the hugely influential The Printing Press as an Agent of Change offers a magisterial and highly readable account of five centuries of ambivalent attitudes toward printing and printers. Once again, she makes a compelling case for the ways in which technological developments and cultural shifts are intimately related.
A bibliography of printing : with notes and illustrations
"This collaborative collection considers the 'packaging, ' presentation, and consumption of medieval manuscripts and early printed books in Europe 1350-1550. By 'packaging, ' we refer to the separate tasks of putting late medieval and early modern texts together (writing, abstracting, editing, correcting, illustrating, printing, and/or binding) or the repackaging of older texts for contemporary audiences. The term 'consumption' is frequently used in the context of luxury manuscripts or printed books produced for wealthy owners and may be read metaphorically to apply to a range of texts or to one text. 'Consumption' may also be treated literally: bibliophagia, or consumption by time, worms, fleas, fire, or censors. The three strands are interdependent, and highlight the materiality of the manuscript or printed book as a consumable, focusing on its 'consumability' in the sense of its packaging and presentation, its consumers, and on the act of consumption in the sense of reading and reception or literal decay. Within these thematic strands, papers variously consider the transition from script to print, bibliographic issues, and the movement between French and English texts (as well as vice versa), and audiences. The papers collected here also cover other aspects of the history of European manuscripts and printed books from 1350-1550, including the copying and circulation of models and exemplars, style, illustration, and the influence of readers and patrons, artists, scribes, printers, and gender"--Publisher description.
Summary.
Graphic design before graphic designers : the printer as designer and craftsman : 1700-1914
The printing press as an agent of change : communications and cultural transformations in early modern Europe. Vol. 2
Communication : an introduction to the history of writing, printing, books, and libraries
A millenium of printing : in China, Korea and Japan
In praise of Aldus Manutius : a quincentenary exhibition
Book typography 1815 - 1965 in Europe and the United States of America
Geographies of the book
A bibliography of printing : with notes & illustrations
The printed Greek book, 15th-19th century : acts of the international congress, Delphi, 16-20 May 2001
The emergence of the book was an event of world historical importance, and heralded the dawning of modernity. In this history of that momentous process, the authors mesh together economic and technological history, sociology and anthropology, with the study of modes of consciousness to root the development of printing.
The story of Chinese books
Printing 1770-1970 : an illustrated history of its development and uses in England
The history and power of writing
Virtually Anglo-Saxon : old media, new media, and early medieval studies in the late age of print
Prints and the pursuit of knowledge in early modern Europe
Newsletters now : from classic to new wave
Manuscripts and printed books in Europe 1350-1550 : packaging, presentation and consumption
Aarteet : [näyttely Kupolisalissa, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Skatter : [utställning i Kupolsalen, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Treasures : [exhibition in the Cupola Hall, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] / [toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Inkeri Pitkäranta] ; [kirjoittajat = författare = writers: Ilona Fors ... et al.]
Sufism, literary production, and printing in the nineteenth century
Decorated cloth in America : publishers' bindings 1840-1910
The book : the story of printing & bookmaking
Publishing the fine and applied arts, 1500 - 2000
The printing revolution in early modern Europe
A history of illuminated manuscripts
Printing and publishing in medieval China
An introduction to a history of woodcut with detailed survey of work done in the fifteenth century. Vol. 2
Early printed book labels : a catalogue of dated personal labels and gift labels printed in Britain to the year 1760
"Why were seventeenth-century antiquarians so spectacularly wrong? Even if they knew what ancient monuments looked like, they deliberately distorted the representation of them in print. Deciphering the printed reconstructions of Giacomo Lauro and Athanasius Kircher, this pioneer study uncovers an antiquity born with print culture itself and from the need to accommodate competitive publishers, ambitious patrons, and powerful popes. By analyzing the elements of fantasy in Lauro and Kircher's archaeological visions new levels of meaning appear. Instead of being testimonies of failed archaeology, they emerge as complex architectural messages responding to moral, political, and religious issues of the day. This book combines several histories--print, archaeology, architecture--in the attempt to identify early modern strategies of recovering lost Rome. Many books have been written on antiquity in the Renaissance, but this book defines an antiquity that is particularly Baroque"--
Collier's rules for desktop design and typography
A brief history of Estonian book
Interkulturelle Kommunikation in der europäischen Druckgraphik im 18. und 19. Jahrhundert = The European print and cultural transfer in the 18th and 19th centuries = Gravure et communication interculturelle en Europe aux 18e et 19e siècles
Voyaging in strange seas : the great revolution in science
Examines the creation in 1483 of the first illustrated travelogue, Peregrinatio in terram sanctam (Journey to the Holy Land), by Bernhard von Breydenbach and his artist, Erhard Reuwich of Utrecht. Focuses on the early use of the print medium to influence public opinion.
Catalogue de reproductions en couleurs de peintures antérieures à 1860 = Catalogue of colour reproductions of paintings prior to 1860 = Catálogo de reproducciones en color de pinturas anteriores a 1860
Books : a living history
Although the term was not coined until the 1920s, graphic design existed long before there were any graphic designers. This lavish volume is a vibrant mix of beautifully crafted printed ephemera from the past. It is a visual journey through the pre-history of graphic design, charting the printer's progress from jobbing tradesman to the heights and hallowed status of artistic printer. Showcasing work from a host of anonymous talents whose names are lost to history as well as seminal, pioneering typographers, artists and printers such as Giambattista Bodoni, William Morris and Oscar Harpel, it reveals how those working on both sides of the Atlantic responded to everyday communication issues with original solutions and breathtaking flair and skill. The extraordinarily diverse results - the precursor of what we now call graphic design - are a celebratory cultural feast of the jobbing printer's contribution to visual culture and heritage.
A new introduction to bibliography
Print and Protestantism in early modern England
The typographic book, 1450-1935
The book through five thousand years
An illustrated history of printing in ancient China
Collectors' 100 : one hundred modern prints for museums and the discerning collector
The Kelmscott Press : a history of William Morris's typographical adventure
Aldus Manutius : a legacy more lasting than bronze
Communication : an introduction to the history of writing, printing, books and libraries
Print and the Bible
Agent of change : print culture studies after Elizabeth L. Eisenstein
An introduction to a history of woodcut with detailed survey of work done in the fifteenth century. Vol. 1
Letter press : new applications for traditional skills
