http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9881 Arabic language literature
Arabic language literature
An anthology of modern Arabic verse = Muḫtārāt min al-ši'r al-'arabī al-hadīt
A Mu'tazilite creed of az-Zamahšarî (d. 538/1144) = al-Minhâǧ fî usûl ad-dîn
Kitāb al-maġāzī lil-Wāqidī = The Kitāb al-Maghāzī of al-Wāqidī
Risālat at-tawābi' wa z-zawābi' : the treatise of familiar spirits and demons
The travels of Ibn Battūta A. D. 1325-1354 ; translated with revisions and notes from the Arabic text edited by C. Defrémery and B. R. Sanguinetti. Vol. 3
Voices from the other world : ancient Egyptian tales
Dīwān of Abū'n-Naǧm : materials for the study of raǧaz poetry I
Poems of al-Mutanabbī
Hemispheres : studies on cultures and societies. No. 12.
A tenth-century document of Arabic literary theory and criticism : the sections on poetry of al-Bāqillānī's Ijāz al-Qurān
About Arabic books
An Arabic appendix to the "Songs of the Druzes"
The war works hard = Al-ḥarb taʻmalu bi-ǧid
Mohammed Hussein Haikal's Zainab : the first Egyptian novel
An anthology of modern Arabic verse
A literary history of the Arabs
Studies in contemporary Arabic poetry and criticism
Studies in modern Arabic prose and poetry
The Arabian nights : a companion
Arabic texts concerning the history of the Zaydī Imāms of Tabaristān, Daylamān and Gīlān
The Arabian nights' entertainments, or, The thousand and one nights
A chronicle of the Rasūlid Dynasty of Yemen from the unique MS Paris no. Arabe 4609 = Tārīḫ al-Yaman fī al-Daulat al-Rasūlīya
The style of the modern Arabic short story
In the eye of the beholder : tales of Egyptian life from the writings of Yusuf Idris
An anthology of modern Arabic poetry
The life and works of Jahiz : translations of selected texts
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Palestine and modern Arab poetry
Selection from the Annals of Tabari
The diwan of Abu'l-Ala
Midnight and other poems
The Golden chain tradition (Ḥadīth silsilat al-dhahab) from the Sunnī point of view
The travels of Ibn Battuta A. D. 1325-1354. Vol. 4
Selections from the Ṣaḥīḥ of al-Buḫārī
Modern Iraqi poetry : social and political influences
Alive in the Dead Sea
The man who lost his shadow : a novel in four books
Maqama : a history of a genre
Without an alphabet, without a face : selected poems
Adventures of Sindbad : English-Arabic
Chapter of repentance : by Abūl-Hasan bin Ġanāyim bin an-Nafīs ibn Kat̲t̲ār
Ḥadīth literature : its origin, development and special features
The divans of the six ancient Arabic poets : Ennābiga, 'Antara, Tharafa, Zuhair, 'Alqama and Imruulqais; chiefly according to the MSS. of Paris, Gotha, and Leyden; and the collection of their fragments with a list of the various readings of the text = Kitāb al-'aqd al-t̲amīn fī dawāwīn al-šu'arā' al-ǧāhiliyīn
Five raǧaz collections : (al-Aghlab al-'Iǧlī, Bashīr ibn an-Nikth, Ǧandal ibn al-Muthannā, Humayd al-Arqat, Ghaylān ibn Hurayth) : materials for the study of raǧaz poetry II
The travels of Ibn Battūta A. D. 1325-1354 ; translated with revisions and notes from the Arabic text edited by C. Defrémery and B. R. Sanguinetti. Vol. 2
Ibn Tufayl's Hayy Ibn Yaqzān : a philosophical tale
Eight months on Ghazzah Street
Valitut runot = Selected poems = Muḫtarat min šiʻrihi
Poetry of resistance in Mt.`Āmil 1982-1985
Homoeroticism in classical Arabic literature
Leaders in contemporary Arabic literature : a book of reference. 1, 'Alī 'Abd ar-Rāziq ..
Modern Arabic poetry : an Anthology with English verse translations
The origins of modern Arabic fiction
Muntaḫab Kitāb ǧāmiʻal-mufradāt = The abridged version of "The book of simple drugs" of Ahmad ibn Muhammad al-Ghâfiqî
The adventures of Antar
A short history of classical Arabic literature
The Yacoubian building
An introduction to Arab poetics
Murder in Baghdad : (Maʻsāt al-Ḥallāj) : prize-winning verse play in two acts
The Arabic version of Aristotle's Parts of animals : book XI-XIV of the Kitāb al-ḥayawān = Fī aʻḍā' al-ḥaywān : al-maqālāt 11-14 min Kitāb al-ḥaywān
Muḫtārāt min al-qiṣṣat al-qaṣīra
Al-Jabartī's Chronicle of the first seven months of the French occupation of Egypt : muḥarram-rajab 1213, 15 June-December 1798 = Ta'rīḫ muddat al-Faransīs bi-Miṣr
Tria opuscula auctore Abu Othman Amr ibn Bahr al-Djahiz Basrensi = −Talā−ta rasā'il
A study of the vernacular poetry of Ahmad Fu'ād Nigm
Arabic prosody and its applications in Muslim poetry
Modern Arabic fiction  : an anthology
The book of curious and entertaining information : the Latā'if al-ma'ārif of Tha'ālibī
A passage to France : the third volume of the autobiography of Ṭāhā Ḥusain
The diwan of Abu'l-ala
Arabian nights
Hispano-Arabic poetry : a student anthology
Critical perspectives on modern Arabic literature
Studies in Arabian fatalism
Kitāb nāṣir al-dīn ʻalā 'l-qawm al-kāfirīn : (the supporter of religion against the infidels) = Kitāb nāṣir al-dīn ʻalā al-qaum al-kāfirīn
The poems of Muʻtamid, king of Seville
Desire, pleasure and the taboo : new voices and freedom of expression in contemporary Arabic literature
Ḥadīth literature : its origin, development, special features and criticism
A selection from the Prolegomena of Ibn Khaldūn : with notes and an English-German glossary
The travels of Ibn Battūta A. D. 1325-1354 ; translated with revisions and notes from the Arabic text edited by C. Defrémery and B. R. Sanguinetti. Vol. 1
Arabian nights : the book of the thousand nights and a night
The sermon of prophet Muhammad at Ghadir Khum
Season of migration to the north
A reader of modern Arabic short stories
