http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9894 protocols
protocols
IEC 61850 Demonstration System with Netcon 500 and VAMP protection relays
Hands-On TCP/IP with Windows NT illustrated
Designing the phone functionality and user interface for a smart phone
Evaluation of Sync4j DM Server
Setting up Linux based network system
Network routing basics : understanding IP routing in Cisco systems
Emerging technologies in wireless LANs : theory, design, and deployment
TCP/IP : the ultimate protocol guide. Vol. 2 : Applications, access and data security
Design and implementation of route redistribution and performance study thereof
Migration to IPv6 and vice versa
Fault management solution for system test environment : design and implementation of fault management solution using SNMP for Ericsson test environment
Network fundamentals : CCNA exploration labs and study guide
ENUM theory and laboratory implementation
Typical protocols in ABB substation automation
FreeRADIUS for small and medium-sized companies
Voice over Internet protocol
Industrial communication protocol engineering using UML 2.0 : concepts and approach
IP telephony
SAMS teach yourself Cisco routers in 21 days
Automatic Repeat-Request Courseware
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
TCP/IP : the ultimate protocol guide. Vol. 1 : Data delivery and routing
Cross-layer optimized video streaming in heterogeneous wireless networks
Cisco secure intrusion detection system
CCNP BSCI exam certification guide : self-study
CCNP self-study : building scalable Cisco  internetworks (BSCI)
Windows XP networking
Design and validation of computer protocols
NT network plumbing : routers, proxies, and web services
Wireless application protocol
Bluetooth protocol stack software for embedded SH controller
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Practical Modern SCADA Protocols : DNP3, 60870.5 and Related Systems
IPv6 deployment and management
Business data networks and telecommunications
Improving heterogeneous wireless networking with cross-layer information services
Case study in rapid FPGA prototyping of protocol processing functionality
The art of computer networking
Time Synchronization Testing with Roving WLAN Network
Wireless sensor network integration with frequency converter by using multi-hop protocol
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices : a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Abstract: The Implementation of the DRiWE Mobility Support Protocol.
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : multilayer switching companion guide
RSS and Atom in action : Web 2.0 building blocks
CCNP ROUTE portable command guide
SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) systems are at the heart of the modern industrial enterprise ranging from mining plants, water and electrical utility installations to oil and gas plants.
Automated Basic Tester
Time synchronizatiuon and signal accurancy in protection ralays
Transition from  IPv4 to IPv6  : best transition method for large enterprise networks
ISIS is a link state routing protocol initially used for routing only Open System Interconnect (OSI) traffics. Its network includes a series of routers as well as minicomputers. With the rapid advancement in technology and communications usage, there arises the need of connecting both users of IP and OSI network together via internet. This connecting task would not be successfully accomplished between users of IPs and OSIs network without implementing a routing protocol to protocol translating medium between IP and OSI traffics. On this basis, the Integrated ISIS was developed and that constitutes the basis of this thesis work. Integrated ISIS is a dual routing protocol capable of routing either the IP traffics or OSI traffics, as well as both IP and OSI traffics at the same time. This thesis work illustrates ISIS redistribution a practical process in which Integrated ISIS interprets, accepts, and routes traffics to and from another routing protocol within the same router. The redistribution phase is constituted by the basic ISIS configurations with some additional configurations explicitly used for the redistribution to occur. Integrated ISIS is known for its fast convergence and also for its high stability, scalability, and the implementation of the Dijkstra algorithm in its route calculation and selection These features made it the choice of most Internet Service Providers and most European networks are running the Integrated ISIS routing protocol. This thesis work however, elaborates on the ISIS fast convergence and how the Dijkstra algorithm affects the fast convergence.
3G evolution : HSPA and LTE for mobile broadband
Breadth-first search for ZigBee topology
Network+ : training guide
Content networking fundamentals
"Cute" client for Hessian
Routers and routing basics : CCNA 2 companion guide
Semantic interoperability framework for smart spaces
TACO IPv6 router : a case study in protocol processor design
Bluetooth protocol. Bluetooth, Standardization, IEEE 802.15
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
Protocol based care
Voice, video and data network convergence : architecture and design, from VoIP to wireless
Bluetooth host-side protocol stack development
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices:a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Heteregenous access control in wireless networks : control software application
Near Real Time Communication in WWW: Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
Embedded networking with CAN and CANopen
Specification of a Remote Monitoring Protocol
Test Tool Development Of Secure Real-Time Transport Protocol : With analysis of media signaling methods
Protocol management in computer networking
Expert network time protocol : an experience in time with NTP
Building a SyncML test server
Upgrading the campus network to layer-3
CCNA routing and switching ICND2 200-105 official cert guide
Enabling IP routing with Cisco routers
Radio Interface parameters of Multimedia Broadcast/Multicast Service and their Effects to Protocol Software of Mobile Station
IP routing protocols : RIP,OSPF,BGP,PNNI, and Cisco routing protocols
Internetworking troubleshooting handbook
Hack the stack : using Snort and Ethereal to master the 8 layers of an insecure network
Design and implementation of a protocol processor
Design, analysis and simulations of medium access control protocols for high and low data rate applications
IPv6 Security
Setting up a conformance test environment for SS7 protocols
FreeSWITCH 1.0.6 : build robust high performance telephony systems using FreeSWITCH
Application of TTCN in ATM protocol testing
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Gigabit networks : standards and schemes for next-generation networking
CCNA exploration course booklet. Network fundamentals, version 4.0
Test protocol for Wärtsilä 20DF automation subassembly
Throughput and Time Sync Simulation in WSN with OPNET Tool
IP from A to Z
TCP performance in heterogeneous wireless networks
The Implementation of the DRiWE Mobility Support Protocol
Protocol converter for accessories
CCNP BSCI portable command guide
CCNP remote access exam certification guide
IPSec based VPN, technology and implementation
Realization of NTP to an intelligent network
SNMP, SNMPv2, and CMIP : the practical guide to network management standards
CCNP Cisco networking academy program : remote access companion guide
Transition to internet protocol version 6 : teleoperator's view
Troubleshooting remote access networks
CCNP : building Cisco Remote Access networks exam 640-505
CCIE : Cisco certified internetwork expert : study guide
The ABCs of LDAP : how to install, run, and administer LDAP services
Cisco networking essentials
CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-105 official cert guide
Wireless network hacks & mods for dummies
Development process of protocol conformance test suite
Cisco network professional's advanced internetworking guide
Delivering voice over IP networks
Managing mobility in an always-best-connected IP network
IPsec protocol framework modeling and test tool implementation
Wireless sensor networks : technology, protocols, and applications
Smart card reader protocol specification with specification and description language
LAN protocol handbook
Wireless Internet telecommunications
Practical packet analysis : using Wireshark to solve real-world network problems
IPv6 Implementation, Firewall and Redundancy
Networking : a beginner's guide
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
An overview of the integrated intermediate system to intermediate system (IS-IS) and its redistribution process
Computer networking : first-step
The TCP/IP guide : a comprehensive, illustrated Internet protocols reference
CCNA Cisco certified network associate : study guide
Advanced voice and data solutions for evolution of cellular network system
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Principles of protocol design
Feasibility analysis of new Internet protocols : methods and case studies
CISSP® certification all-in-one exam guide
Traffic Engineering with Multi-Protocol Label Switching : performance comparison with IP-networks
LAN switching : first-step
Data networks, IP and the Internet : protocols, design, and operation
Interconnections : bridges, routers, switches, and internetworking protocols
Test tool development of Secure Real-time Transport Protocol : with analysis of media signaling methods
Mocking Web Services
This thesis was commissioned by ABB Oy, Distribution Automation. The aim of this thesis was to study the building of vertical communication between MicroSCADA and certain ABB-relays (REF 543, SPAD 346 C) on the part of three station level protocols (LonTalk, IEC 60870-5-103, SPA). The purpose of this work was to create course material in English for electrical engineers who either work for ABB or are end customers hoping to gain knowledge about the basics of substation communication and to be able to build a system where MicroSCADA and ABB-relays communicate with each other. First, a single busbar system (one incoming feeder, 110kV/22kV transformer, three outgoing feeders) was chosen as a basis for the project. After the LonTalk, IEC_103 and SPA protocols were studied in detail, layout pictures were made according to each protocol. Devices and sofware were gathered up to build the systems for testing and documentation. Finally, the message frames of LonTalk, IEC_103 and SPA protocols were studied in general. The result of this work was course material which can be used in customer training by ABB Oy, Distribution Automation. The material consists of PowerPoint-slides covering the theory and Word documents consisting of hands-on exercises.
Implementing voice over IP
Multipoint transmission scheme for HSDPA
Network+ certification all-in-one exam guide
Zero configuration networking
VoIP-application development for Symbian-based phones
Home automation : made easy : do it yourself know how using UPB, Insteon, X10 and Z-Wave
Abstract: The goal of this project was to research real time communication protocol and the possibility of replacing flash media server with an existing open source server. Extension of the protocol, its extensibility and performance of the open source real time server were analyzed. This project was carried out for Metropolia UAS in order to find out alternative solutions for the eLearning environment project called Knowledge Practice Laboratory (KP-Lab), running on flash media server.  The client side of the project was a browser based cross-platform application fully implemented in actionscript 3. In order to run the application, browsers should have the latest version of flash player installed. For the server side implementation and overriding the servers functionality, Java programming language was used. The project used the schema provided by the server for storing information into database and it was a near real time application.  The application was tested using all the major browsers: Mozilla, Firefox and Chrome. Performance test of the server was done by registering over two thousand users and running the automated test. The tests verified the server to be fully developed and mature enough to be taken into consideration as a better alternative to flash media server.
Time Synchronization in Wireless Sensor Networks
Cisco 802.11 wireless networking : quick reference
Wireless security
IPSec key management in multicast transmissions
Testing Automation of Embedded Systems through Web Interfaces : Notta for Home - System Testing
Prepaid System Development on JRadius
Computer telephony demystified : putting CTI, media services and IP telephony to work
Protocol design for local and metropolitan area networks
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 : engineering journal and workbook
Big book of IPv6 addressing RFCs
Testing of VoIP security problems is essential to enterprises providing real-time data and services. The critical infrastructure can be compromised and data to be regularly exposed. This information may be used by malicious hackers for illegal purposes. At the same time consumers are connecting their smartphones and other personal devices to the network. The business with private and secured data is becoming more and more important in our everyday life. The major security threat for enterprises today is discovering existing unknown vulnerabilities from used software. Unknown vulnerabilities may cause a lot of serious problems, attacks utilizing security holes may continue undetected (while customer safety is compromised) and the repair process tends to be slow once an attack is detected. Additionally, during maintenance there is downtime when customer services are not accessible. Naturally, all downtime is damaging company reputation and eventually affecting to company profits. Security related bugs are likely to exist in platforms when facing with new technologies which are complex to implement and when software versions are often a released detriment of testing. Also, an increasing number of vulnerabilities have not been published but instead those may end to be used and shared within underground hacker communities. Companies and enterprises need to find preventive actions to protect their products and services because it takes too much time to wait fixed software releases from vendors. In this thesis work the protocol model from a Secure Real-time Transport Protocol (SRTP) is implemented using the Codenomicon Test Tool platform. The product can send valid and anomalous data transmissions to the test application over the Internet. This is technique (or testing method) called fuzzing or fuzz testing. Software robustness can be verified and unknown or zero-day vulnerabilities may be found with fuzzing. RTP data is typically audio, video or other streaming content. RTP data (or media stream) is usually transferred and embedded within another protocol. The SRTP Test Suite can utilize other Codenomicon test tools to do media signaling negotiation with the test targets in a way which is secure when it comes to cryptography. Thus, the result of the connection parameters may be used to get connected with a wider variety of test targets and send an SRTP fuzzing data stream to these applications.
Cisco networking for dummies
Scalability of WAP application
Network tutorial : a complete introduction to networks
Microsoft Windows server 2003 TCP/IP protocols and services : technical reference
Ethernet : the definitive guide
Simulation and evaluation of wired and wireless networks with NS2, NS3 and OMNET++
Designing for CISCO internetwork solutions (DESGN) : Foundation learning guide
Developing web applications laboratories
Big book of lightweight directory access protocol (LDAP) RFCs
Harmonization of Nokia SyncML client implementations : bachelor's thesis
CCNA ICND2 : official exam certification guide
IPv6 : the new Internet protocol
Building the Internet of Things (IoT) with IPv6 and MIPv6 : The Evolving World of M2M Communications
CCNA self-study : CCNA certification library : the official self-study test preparation package for the Cisco CCNA 640-801, ICND 640-811 and INTRO 640-821 exams. CCNA ICND : exam certification guide
Sams teach yourself TCP/IP in 24 hours
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
Nurse practitioner acute care protocols : for emergency departments, urgent care centers, and family practices
CISSP certification all-in-one exam guide
