http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9892 industrial workers
industrial workers
Industrial education and training in South Africa : recent developments during 1980-1990
Accumulation, regulation, and political struggles : manufacturing workers in South Korea
Labor and an integrated Europe
Industrial workers in the USSR
African Regional Expert Group Meeting on women in the food-processing industry : synopsis of the report : [held in Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania, January 17-20, 1994]
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 3 (1957) s. 204].
Transformation of resource towns and peripheries : political economy perspectives
The art of demotivation
Plant closings : power, politics, and workers
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Automobile workers and the American dream
75 years of the Iron International, 1893-1968 : 75 år Järninternational , 1893-1968
Determination of physical and psychosocial factors in prevention of low back disorders in industry
Industry wage differentials in Finland : 1989
Wives of steel : voices of women from the Sparrows Point steelmaking communities
Abstract (1 s.).
The affluent worker. [1], Industrial attitudes and behaviour
Labour and the motor industry
100% cashmere
Denmark : single programming document 1994-96 : Objective 4: facilitating the adaptation of workers to industrial change and to changes in production systems
The Making of the Chinese Industrial Workplace : State, Revolution and Labor Management
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Occupational dermatoses from plastic composites based on polyester resins, epoxy resins and vinyl ester resins
The man on the assembly line
Taking work home : labour dynamics of women industrial homeworkers in Sweden during the second industrial revolution
Problems of modern industry
Blue-collar stratification : autoworkers in four countries
The end of labour history?
Plant closings : international context and social costs
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
People at work
Women on the line
Basic human values in the workplace
Employers and labour in the English textile industries, 1850-1939
Healthy, skilled, disciplined : modernizing changes and the sense of self in the embodied experiences of a female factory worker
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
The great lock-out of 1926
Amoskeag : life and work in an American factory-city
The munitions girls
The British motor industry, 1896-1939
A low road to investment and labour management? : the labour process at Nordic subsidiaries in the Baltic States
Mercedes in peace and war : German automobile workers, 1903-1945
Patterns of migration and socio-economic change in Lao PDR
Industrial sunset : the making of North America's rust belt, 1969-1984
Industrial relations and the social order
Strike and social change
Technology and skill upgrading : results from linked worker-plant data for Finnish manufacturing
Wage differentials, wage mobility and skills in Finnish industry : an empirical analysis of the period 1980-1992
Rhythms of labour : music at work in Britain
Work in a nationally-owned factory : facts, figures and reports on the NARVA bulb factory in Berlin : information from the GDR
Leadership behavior and coworker health : a study in process industry
Threads : gender, labor, and power in the global apparel industry
Women in manufacturing : patterns, determinants and future trends. [2], Executive summary
Secrets of the singer girls
Use of physical therapy among the members of the Textile and Clothing Workers' Union
Unemployment among Finnish manufacturing workers : who gets unemployed and from where?
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Tampella : Tampere's heart of iron
The incidence and determinants of employee involvement : evidence from the Finnish manufacturing sector
Industrial jobs and the worker : an investigation of response to task attributes
Family time and industrial time : the relationship between the family and work in a New England industrial community
Summary (s. 4-8).
The factory girls
Summary.
The politics of production
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
Cronic bronchitis in an industrial population in Northern Finland
Employment dynamics and openness to trade in Finnish manufacturing
The self-defensive attribution theory revisited : a culture-comparative analysis between Finland and Ghana in the work environment
The Soviet industrial worker : social class, education and controll
Northern soul
Trends and cyclical movements in industrial employement in Finland 1885-1952
Labor in the twentieth century
Mental health of the industrial worker : a Detroit study
Multi-site musculoskeletal pain among industrial workers : occurrence, determinants and consequences for work ability and sickness absence
The attitudes of steelworkers to technical change
The adaptation of workers to industrial change : European Seminar Toulouse 22 and 23 January 1996 : summary of the debates
Rubber : An American Industrial History
Blue collar man : patterns of dual allegiance in industry
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Forgotten Radicals : communists in the Pennsylvania Anthracite, 1919-1950
Coping with social change : life strategies of workers in Poland's new capitalism
Genders in production : making workers in Mexico's global factories
Lighting, productivity and preferred illuminances : field studies in the industrial environment
Manufacturing consent : changes in the labor process under monopoly capitalism
Workers, factories, and social change in India
Gender divide and the computer game industry
Trade-related employment for women in industry and services in developing countries
At the works : a study of a manufacturing town
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Low back disorders in the long term among employees in the engineering industry : a study with 5-, 10- and 28-year follow-ups
Industrial relations between command and market : a comparative analysis of Eastern Europe and China
Bargaining for survival : unionized workers in the Nigerian textile industry
Factory girl literature : sexuality, violence, and representation in industrializing Korea
Secrets of the sewing bee
The Soviet industrial worker : social class, education and control
The gunpowder and glory girls
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
Women in manufacturing : patterns, determinants and future trends. [1], Case study
An ophthalmological study on workers with long-term occupational exposure to industrial solvents
Industrial labor in the U.S.S.R
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
A guide to the ergonomics of manufacturing
Widening women's choice of occupation : an experiment in equality policy
The Television Handbook
Self-rated and clinically measured functional capacity among women and men in two age groups in metal industry
A Polish factory : a case study of workers' participation in decision making
Knitting together : Memories of Leicestershire's hosiery industry
Assembling women : the feminization of global manufacturing
Saebyeok chuljeong
Manual workers in Central and Eastern Europe are often perceived as disoriented victims of postsocialist transformation. But how can such assumptions by sociologists as well as the general public explain the diversity of the actual ways that workers cope with social change in the new capitalist reality? To address this question Adam Mrozowicki turns to workers themselves, to their life strategies and personal experiences. He reconstructs the processes of adapting to and resisting structural changes in working-class milieus in Silesia, an industrial region of Poland. Through an in-depth analysis of 166 personal interviews with blue-collar workers, Mrozowicki reaches general conclusions. The workers rarely resemble the passive puppets of historical forces. Their ability to reflect upon their lives, upon their deeply ingrained moral ethos, and upon their social circumstances emerge as the foundation of their efforts to overcome socially imposed limitations.
Gender and labour in Korea and Japan : sexing class
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Productivity improvements at small manufacturing company's shop-floor
The Netherlands - Single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 4 : facilitating the adaptation of workers to industrial change and to changes in production systems
Experience and identity : a historical account of class, caste and gender among the Cashew workers of Kerala, 1930-2000
Method of pay in Finnish industry
Automation, work organization and workers' commitment
Redundancy, layoffs and plant closures : their character, causes and consequences
Shape-up and hiring hall : a comparison of hiring methods and labor relations on the New York and Seattle waterfronts
Managers and workers : origins of the twentieth-century factory system in the United States, 1880-1920
Sickness absence and working conditions in the food industry
