http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9903 mural paintings
mural paintings
Brush of the gods
GraDoc : Graphic Documentation Systems in Mural Painting Conservation. Research seminar, Rome 16-20 November 1999
Diego Rivera : the complete murals
A history of mexican mural painting
The usurer's heart : Giotto, Enrico Scrovegni, and the Arena Chapel in Padua
In the tomb of Nefertari : conservation of the wall paintings
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 4, Art-historical survey : addenda et corrigenda
The wall-paintings of Thera
Famous frescoes
Baroque wallpaintings : technical problems and current conservation methods
Discourse in early Buddhist art : visual narratives of India
The analysis of pigments and plasters : its relevance to current wall painting and stone conservation practice
"Fantastic picture of a man" : interpretation and re-interpretation of human figures in Finnish medieval 'primitive' wall-paintings
The fabulous life of Diego Rivera
Swamp-hens (Porphyrio Spp.) and ducks (Anatidae) in the Tomba di Morlupo : and other Republican and early Augustan-Romano-Campanian mosaics and wall paintings
Bird motifs in first and second style Romano-Campanian wall paintings and mosaics
Children of the can : 25 years of Bristol graffiti
In 1440, on the feast of Saints Peter and Paul, Florence unexpectedly defeated Milanese forces near the town of Anghiari in eastern Tuscany. Nicholas A. Eckstein reveals the impact of this celebrated victory on Florentine public life and how it could have triggered the custodians of the Brancacci Chapel, the Carmelite friars, to seek the completion of frescoes by Masolino (1383-1447) and Masaccio (1401-1428). Today, tens of thousands of people visit the Brancacci Chapel annually to gaze at the brilliant frescoes of Saint Peter's life. Universally recognized as a canonical masterpiece of the Florentine Renaissance, these glowing murals span the interior in long panels. The first serious examination to position the frescoes at the heart of Tuscan society and culture, Painted Glories teems with fascinating characters and intrigue. In swiftly paced prose, Eckstein explores the chapel's history, medieval culture, and art patronage, progressively peeling back the story's layers amid the tumultuous politics of the 15th-century Florentine state.
Mural paintings of the Silk Road : cultural exchanges between East and West, proceedings of the 29th Annual International Symposium on the Conservation and Restoration of Cultural Property, National Research Institute for Cultural Properties, Tokyo, January 2006
The ceiling of the Paris opera : sketches, drawings and paintings
Frescoes and wall paintings of Rajasthan
The mural painters of Tuscany : from Cimabue to Andrea del Sarto
All manner of murals : the history, techniques and conservation of secular wall paintings : proceedings of the Secular Wall Paintings Symposia organised by the Icon Stone and Wall Paintings Group and supported by English Heritage, London 2004-5
Wall paintings, workshops, and visual production in the Medieval Diocese of Turku from 1430 to 1540
Out of sight : urban art / abandoned spaces
Mural art in Poland 1945-1955
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 3, Catalogue N - Ö. Appendix
Conservation in the Nineteenth Century
The church of Santa Maria Donna Regina : art, iconography, and patronage in fourteenth century Naples
Discovering art : paintings along the road. 1, West Germany
Tibetan treasures. Selections of murals Qin dynasty
India : five thousand years of Indian art
Bulgaria : mediaeval wall paintings
The conservation of Cave 85 at the Mogao Grottoes, Dunhuang : a collaborative project of the Getty Conservation Institute and the Dunhuang Academy
The Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi : glory and destruction
The night stages
London graffiti and street art : unique artwork from London's streets
The Mural art : murals on huge public surfaces around the world from graffiti to trompe l'oeil : vol. 2
Wall art : megamurals & supergraphics
Women building history : public art at the 1893 Columbian Exposition
The transfer of wall paintings : based on Danish experience
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Grand illusions : contemporary interior murals
Michelangelo and Raphael : with Botticelli-Perugino-Signorelli-Ghirlandaio and Rosselli in the Vatican : all the Sistine Chapel, the Stanzas and the Loggias
Mural painting in Britain 1840-1940 : image and meaning / Clare A .P. Willsdon
Pompeii : guide to the site
Tats Cru : the mural kings
Painting of India
Mural paintings of Koguryo
Spraycan art
Yongle gong bihua = Yongle Palace murals
Discovering art : paintings along the road. 2, Switzerland and Austria
African signs
ICOM CC Lisbon 2011 : Preprints 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011.
1000 ideas for graffiti and street art : [murals, tags, and more from artists around the world]
Teotihuacan : an experiment in living
Conservation of Phoebe Anna Traquair murals at Mansfield Traquair centre Edinburgh : 1 case study
New perspectives on early Korean art : from Silla to Koryŏ
The ceiling paintings for the Jesuit Church in Antwerp
Sky colour
Let the material talk : technology of late medieval Cologne panel painting
Bernar venet art and mathematics : in search of the sublime
Kiev's Hagia Sophia : state architectural monument
We own the night : the art of The Underbelly Project
Calma : the art of Stephan Doitschinoff
Make your mark : the new urban artists
This book is the first comprehensive study and reinterpretation of the unique arts of Teotihuacan, including architecture, sculpture, mural painting, and ceramics. Comparing the arts of Teotihuacan - not previously judged "artistic"--With those of other ancient civilizations, Esther Pasztory demonstrates how they created and reflected the community's ideals. Pasztory argues that, unlike the art of other Mesoamerican groups, the art of Teotihuacan refrains from glorifying rulers because its people wished to create the image of an integrated community. Instead their art glorifies nature and the supernatural and emphasizes egalitarian rather than aristocratic values. Pasztory identifies a great goddess who presided over this construction of civic harmony. Teotihuacan: An Experiment in Living is a portrait of a culture that made no portraits, a reinterpretation of a culture that left no texts interpreting itself. Nineteen color and seventy-seven black-and-white illustrations accompany the text
Murals in architecture / The National Society of  Mural Painters ; Architectural League of New York
Images from the Byzantine periphery : studies in iconography and style
Panel painting : technique and conservation of wood supports
Buddhist wall-painting of Ladakh
Art on the wall
Mural painting of the Mexican revolution
London street art anthology
Talk about street art
Fabulous fakes
Indian painting : the great mural tradition
A street art anthology
A study of the cult site of Foce Sarno in the light of a new interpretation of a fresco painted in a Pompeian lararium known as the Sarno Lararium, along with archaeological materials related to a votive deposit discovered in 1965 and still unpublished, the archaeological evidence in the sacred area of Foce Sarno, and primary sources.
Early Advances in Conservation : symposia, organized by the Department of Conservation of the British Museum, 1987
The Murals of Diego Rivera
Myth in the Dionysiac frieze in Pompeii's Villa of the Mysteries
ICOM Committee for Conservation : 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011 : abstracts
Western Medieval Wall Paintings: Studies and Conservation Experience : Sighisoara, Romania 31 August 3 September 1995.
Mural painting of the Mexican revolution 1921-1960
Rumania : painted churches of Moldavia
Removal of damaging conservation treatments on mural paintings : a research and development report from the workshop November 2 & 3, 2007, Österbybruk, Uppland, Sweden
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
Roman wall painting : materials, techniques, analysis and conservation
Walls : mural wood panel stencil wallpaper
Palazzi of Rome
The light of early Italian painting
Luca Signorelli : the complete paintings
The Augustan villa at Boscotrecase
The byzantine wall paintings of Crete
(Un)sanctioned : the art on New York streets
The Analysis of Pigments and Plasters : its relevance to current wall painting and stone conservation practice : Post-prints of a day conference of the wall paintings section of The United Kingdom Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works held on 22 February 1997 at The British Museum London
The artist's handbook of materials and techniques
Wall painting techniques : water colour-like fresco (Sándor Nagy, 1934, Budapest, Pesterzsébet, Szent Erzsébet church)
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 2, Catalogue A - M.
Conserving Australian rock art : a manual for site managers
How to paint murals & trompe l'oeil
Creating grand illusions : the art and techniques of trompe l'oeil
The Red Monastery church : beauty and asceticism in upper Egypt
Pigments of English medieval wall painting
Rubin : Studio works & murals : Scandinavia/New York
Wall paintings of the western Himālayas
Agnolo Gaddi and the Cappella maggiore in Santa Croce in Florence : studies after its restoration
Todd James
Arts and crafts of Rajasthan : living traditions of India
The Nebamun wall paintings : conservation, scientific analysisi and display at the British Museum
Pompei, Ercolano, Stabiae, Oplontis : le città sepolte dal Vesuvio = the cities buried by Vesuvius
Conservation of ancient sites on the Silk Road : proceedings of an International Conference on the Conservation of Grotto Sites
Examination and conservation of wall paintings : a manual
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIII, Including papers presented at the Conferences on Early Christian Iconography, held in Pécs, Hungary
The Mural art : murals on huge public surfaces around the world from graffiti to Tromple l'oeil
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 1, Introduction : Iconographical index
Street art, book art
House decoration in Nubia
Conservation of wall paintings
The making of the Tuoba Northern Wei : constructing material cultural expressions in the northern Wei Pingcheng Period (398-494 CE)
Tibetan treasures. Selections of murals of the separist regimes
The Last Judgement : Michelangelo and the death of the Renaissance
Case studies in the conservation of stone and wall paintings : preprints of the contributions to the Bologna congress, 21 - 26 September 1986
The Raphael tapestry cartoons : narrative, decoration, design
The majesty of Mughal decoration : the art and architecture of Islamic India
The conservation of wall paintings : proceedings of a symposium, London, July 13-16, 1987
Painting murals : images, ideas and techniques
Michelangelo on and off the Sistine ceiling : selected essays
La dea delle sorgenti di Foce Sarno : Mefitis e il Lucus Iunonis = The goddess of the Foce di Sarno springs : Mefitis and the Lucus Iunonis
Bronzino's chapel of Eleonora in the palazzo Vecchio
Conservation of mural paintings course 1986 : programme, February 11 - June 6.
Project report of pigment analyses of the fourth style wall paintings in the Casa di Marco Lucrezio (IX 3, 5.24) in Pompeii
Painted glories : the Brancacci Chapel in Renaissance Florence
The African mural
The mural art : murals on huge public surfaces around the world : vol. 3
STREET ART
Conservation of wallpaintings
The splendor of Roman wall painting
Decorative wall painting for beginners
English panel paintings, 1400-1558 : a survey of figure paintings on East Anglian rood screens
Wall art : megamurals and supergraphics
Egyptian wall-paintings from tombs and temples
