http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9902 ceiling paintings
ceiling paintings
Grand illusions : contemporary interior murals
Michelangelo and Raphael : with Botticelli-Perugino-Signorelli-Ghirlandaio and Rosselli in the Vatican : all the Sistine Chapel, the Stanzas and the Loggias
Giotto and his publics : three paradigms of patronage
Decorating the 'godly' household : religious art in post-reformation Britain
In the midst of clouds and trumpets : approaching spirituality through iconography
Michelangelo and the pope's ceiling
The complete book of decorating techniques
The wall coverings of the drawing room of Jackarby
Paintings as a reflection of sermon
The painted ceiling : over 100 original designs and details
This probing analysis of three of Giotto's major works and the patrons who commissioned them goes beyond the cliches of Giotto as the founding figure of western painting. It traces the interactions between Franciscan friars and powerful bankers and illuminates the complex interactions between mercantile wealth and the iconography of poverty.
Bucovina : a travel guide to Romania's region of painted monasteries
"A discussion of the murals by Giotto in the Arena Chapel of Padua, Italy. The artist's work is considered in terms of its relationship to the structure of the poetry of Dante, biblical exegesis, geometry, and symmetry"--Provided by publisher.
Wall paintings, workshops, and visual production in the medieval diocese of Turku from 1430 to 1540
The sistine chapel : Michelangelo rediscovered
Tara Hamling examines decorative features from historic houses throughout England and Scotland and identifies a significant but overlooked trend in the history of British art. She reveals a widespread fashion for large-scale religious imagery in houses owned by the gentry and prosperous middle classes during the period 1560-1660 which is interpreted in relation to life in the 'godly' household. The book is copiously illustrated with narrative imagery in wall painting, plasterwork, carved wood and stone and a range of objects including furniture, textiles and ceramics. The character of this 'decorative' art is explored in relation to the functions of rooms in the early modern domestic interior with a focus on how religious imagery might inform and support spiritual activities taking place within the home. The visual evidence throughout the book is supported by extracts from contemporary texts to elucidate the meanings of imagery for its original audience.
Mural painting in Britain 1840-1940 : image and meaning
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Giotto's O : narrative, figuration, and pictorial ingenuity in the Arena Chapel
Plank roof and traditional paintwork : sustainable heritage report no. 5
