http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9900 political crises
political crises
The crisis of empire after 1918
Conflict resolution and ethnicity
Nationalism and unionism : conflict in Ireland, 1885-1921
Religion in world conflict
Uncertain mandate : politics of the U.N. Congo operation
Government failure : society, markets and rules
State-building and strengthening of civilian administration in post-conflict societes and failed states : high-level workshop, New York, 21 June, 2004.
The Albanian Question : Reshaping the Balkans
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
Between discord and cooperation : Japan and the two Koreas
This Discussion Paper draws attention to the often overlooked aspects of the limits, poverty and contradictions embedded in the "unfinished business" of the Zimbabwe nation state project. It is located within the broader context of the crisis of the nation-state in an African continent increasingly buffeted by waves of globalisation. It also revisits the debate on whether postcolonial nationalism can completely avoid reproducing the racial and ethnic discrimination that characterised its colonial past. Zeroing in on Zimbabwe, the paper argues that the nation-state crisis has roots in the legacy of settler colonialism, the ethnic fragmentation that marked the history of the liberation movement and the character of the nationalist elite. Its critique of the politics of the nationalist and political elite, the Lancaster House Agreement, the National Democratic Revolution and the Global Political Agreement makes this paper an important contribution to the debates on the real legacy of the liberation struggle in Zimbabwe and the prospects for a common national identity based on nationalism, social justice, inclusive democracy and development in the country.
Democracy's fourth wave? : digital media and the Arab Spring
May the Lord in his mercy be kind to Belfast
The Prague spring 1968
The Literati Purges : Political conflict in early Yi Korea
Causes of war : power and the roots of conflict
Globalization and conflict. 2
Whither Marxism? : global crises in international perspective
Crisis in the Middle East
Israel and the Arabs : a handbook of basic information
What we say goes : conversations on U.S. power in a changing world
From idea to norm : promoting conflict prevention
The narrow ground : the roots of conflict in Ulster
Ukraine's Euromaidan : analyses of a civil revolution
The narrow ground : aspects of Ulster 1609-1969
Politics in Northern Ireland
Southern Africa : the continuing crisis
Sierra Leone : diamonds and the struggle for democracy
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
Confronting Iran : the failure of American foreign policy and the roots of mistrust
Ukraine in the crosshairs : the crisis of 2014 and Putin's surprising role
Ukraine diaries : dispatches from Kiev
Nationalism and ethnic conflict
Africa in the 21st century : toward a new future
The Constitution in crisis times 1918-1969
Israel without Zionism : a plan for peace in the Middle East
In 2011, the international community watched as citizens mobilized through the Internet and digital media to topple three of the world's most entrenched dictators: Ben Ali in Tunisia Mubarak in Egypt, and Qaddafi in Libya. This book examines not only the unexpected evolution of events during the Arab Spring but the longer history of desperate - and creative - digital activism through the Arab world.
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
Language and society in the Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East conflict in the Swedish press : A content analysis of editorials in three daily newspapers 1948-1973
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
Free markets and food riots : the politics of global adjustment
The spread of extra-European conflicts to Europe : concepts and analysis
The two Irelands, 1912-1939
Globalization and conflict. 1
The soldier's farewell
The origins of the cold war in the Near East : great power conflict and diplomacy in Iran, Turkey, and Greece
"One hell of a gamble" : Khrushchev, Castro and Kennedy, 1958-1964
International negotiation : the United Nations in Afghanistan &  Cambodia
South West Africa advisory opinion 1971 : a study in international adjudication
The Cuban missile crisis
Violations of children's rights in armed conflicts : international treaties, observations by peacekeepers and crisis management training in Finland
Ireland : a positive proposal
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 10 : Greece, Turkey, Cyprus : triangle of conflict - and opportunity
Suez : Britain's end of empire in the Middle East
Rights and wrongs in the Arab-Israeli conflict : to the anatomy of the forces of progress and reaction in the Middle East
The Zimbabwean nation-state project : a historical diagnosis of identity and power-based conflicts in a postcolonial state
The green revolution : the crisis in Iran following the 2009 presidential election
Invoking humanity : war, law, and global order
Near abroad : Putin, the West and the contest over Ukraine and the Caucasus
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 1 : Indonesia in crisis : meltdown of Suharto's New Order?
Northern Ireland : crisis and conflict
Coercive prevention : normative, political, and policy dilemmas
The Palestine problem in international law and world order
The Cuban missile crisis : a concise history
Urban guerrillas : the new face of political violence
The Israel-Arab reader : a documentary history of the Middle East conflict
Russia at the barricades : eyewitness accounts of the August 1991 coup
The Israel/Palestine question : a reader
Rogue states : the rule of force in world affairs
Israel : two fateful years, 1967-69
Somalia : state collapse, multilateral intervention, and strategies for political reconstruction
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Indonesia : issues, historical background and bibliography
The last secret of the temple
The Suez affair
The first Moroccan Crisis, 1904-1906
Conflict and social psychology
Frontline Ukraine : crisis in the borderlands
Conflict and peace in the modern international system
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
The dynamics of conflict in Northern Ireland : power, conflict and emancipation
Brothers and enemies
The globalization gap : how the rich get richer and the poor get left further behind
Evil hour in Colombia
A history of Eastern Europe : crisis and change
The United States and the Italo-Ethiopian crisis
The Mexican revolution, 1910-1914 : the diplomacy of Anglo-American conflict
Tyrant. The Complete First Season
Three years after Euromaidan : is Ukraine still on the reform track?
The unquiet frontier : border tensions in the Sino-Soviet conflict
Untying the knot : making peace in the Taiwan Strait
The Western neglect of the East Timor conflict : a structural analysis of the US, Australian and British interests as an impediment to action
The Viet-nam reader : articles and documents on American foreign policy and the Viet-nam crisis
Myths and facts 1989 : a concise record of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Preventing war in Kosovo
The distant present
Political elites in the transatlantic crisis
Managing international conflict : from theory to policy : a teaching tool using CASCON
The bi-national idea in Palestine during mandatory times
Summary.
Myths and facts 1980 : a concise record of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Fedayeen : the story of the Palestinian guerrillas
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Economic performance, adjustment, and political instability : a study on economic determinants of conflicts in the Third world
The Presidential transcripts
Cyprus : a place of arms : power politics and ethnic conflict in the Eastern Mediterranean
Life : an exploded diagram
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Key actors in the EU's eastern neighbourhood : competing perspectives on geostrategic tensions
Conflict, crisis and war in Pakistan
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Conflict management training : advancing best practices
Bound to cooperate : conflict, peace and people in Sierra Leone
Adult education in crisis situations : Proceedings of the Third International Conference on the History of Adult Education, Jerusalem, April 1990
Palestinian walks : notes on a vanishing landscape
Conflict in the Middle East
War and an Irish town
A history of Northern Ireland 1920-1996
Crisis and conflict in Nigeria
