http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9907 quality control
quality control
Managing and improving quality : integrating quality, statistical methods and process control
5S for safety implementation toolkit. Facilitator's guide
Relationship quality in aviation ground handling industry
Creating customer-driven quality
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Developing quality in higher education management : the case of the University of Vaasa
Quality engineering handbook
Quality audits for ISO 9001:2000 : making compliance value-added
The Memory Jogger Plus+ : featuring the Seven Management and Planning Tools
The power of ultimate six sigma : Keki Bhote's proven system for moving beyond quality excellence to total business excellence
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Innovating professional services : transforming value and efficiency
Exploring the use of lean thinking and six sigma in public housing authorities
Organisaation johtaminen jatkuvaan menestykseen : laadunhallintaan perustuva toimintamalli = Managing for the sustained success of an organization : a quality management approach
SFS-EN ISO 9004 : organisaation johtaminen jatkuvaan menestykseen. Laadunhallintaan perustuva toimintamalli = Managing for the sustained success of an organization. A quality management approach
Quality management demystified
Developing the integrated management system : quality, environment, and  health and safety standard requirements : ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001:2007 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The EFQM excellence model : 74 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
In a comprehensive approach this book covers the end-to-end process from request management to change management, error management and migration management to acceptance testing and final data clean up. It is based upon nearly twenty years of experience in tests, acceptance and certification, when introducing medium to large IT systems including complex software for administrations and industry in many countries. There exist a variety of methodologies with different characteristics having emanated from various schools and consultancies to support such activities. However, it is obvious that because of the diversity in organisational levels in companies the rigor of application of such methodologies quite often suffers with regard to more pragmatic approaches. In view of economic considerations this may be unavoidable. For this reason no new or consolidated methodology shall be presented but an approach oriented on practical criteria coming closer to reality and offering methods, which can provide assistance on a case-by-case basis.
Reviewing the European excellence model from management control view
Managing quality without quality systems : Case Schenker International Ab Filial i Finland
Paint film degradation : mechanisms and control
The essence of total quality management
Laadunhallintajärjestelmän dokumentointiohjeita : tekninen raportti = Guidelines for quality management system documentation
Improving customer feeback process with process management and lean tools : case: Oy Kaha Ab
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Quality-Chain Management of Fresh Vegetables: From Fork to Farm : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
The checklist manifesto : how to get things right
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in healt[h] service organizations
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Potential failure mode and effects analysis : (FMEA) : reference manual
Tester evaluation and testing development for quality of service
ISO 9000 as a tool for TQM : a spanish case study
Quality beyond six sigma
Youth work quality assessment : the self and peer assessment model
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 soveltamiselle paikallishallinnossa = Quality management systems : guidelines for the applications of ISO 9001:2000 in logal government
Oakland on quality management
The quality technician's handbook
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Quality progress
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and health and safety self : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Does it pay to be good? : what are the Malcolm Baldrige criteria for self-assessment all about?
"Business cases can be useful in relating various value propositions to the success of the organization. In developing business cases, value propositions are aligned with the organization's prioritization criteria and consolidated with the current initiatives. This book explains how to conduct a cost/benefit analysis and how to analyze risk and return of value propositions. It describes how to map value propositions against improvement matrices as well as how to prioritize value propositions. It also discusses how to review and approve initial business cases"--
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat suorituskyvyn parantamiselle = Quality management systems : guidelines for performance improvement
Organisaation johtaminen jatkuvaan menestykseen : laadunhallintaan perustuva toimintamalli = Managing for the sustained success of an organization : a quality management approach (ISO 9004:2009)
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 soveltamiselle paikallishallinnossa : käännös = Quality management systems : guidelines for the application of ISO 9001:2000 in local government
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Leading and managing the lean management process
Improving quality management organization's functionality: case: Glaston Oyj
Automotive quality management system standard : quality management system requirements for automotive production and relevant service parts organizations
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in health service organizations
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
Effective management system integration in multi-level organisations
MACHINE VISION AND OBJECT SORTING : PLC Communication with LabVIEW using OPC
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 soveltamiselle paikallishallinnossa = Quality management systems : guidelines for the application of ISO 9001:2000 in local government
Internationalization of higher education : global trends, regional perspectives : IAU 3rd global survey report
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
Design for Six Sigma : the revolutionary process for achieving extraordinary profits
Robust design for quality engineering and six sigma
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Modeling and analyzing documentation supply chain within customer delivery projects
Quality management in social welfare and health care for the 21st century : national recommendation
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assessment work book : 75 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Six Sigma for dummies
Development of continuous customer satisfaction measurement at I-Valo
Quality of campus services and total quality management at Buckinghamshire Chilterns university Chalfont Campus
Non-conformity handling process and internal customer satisfaction
Towards a human-oriented metrology for improvement and change
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa : käännös = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in health service organizations
Analysis of customer service for a rail construction service provider
Audit of the University of Helsinki 2015
Implementation of common cost estimation tool in KRP division : Andritz Oy, KRP Division, Varkaus
Quality management and business excellence, customers and stakeholders : do we agree on what we are talking about, and does it matter?
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
Enhancing learning outcomes evaluation : Benchmarking learning outcomes evaluation in Finland, Scotland and Kansas
Integrated management system requirements : quality, environment, and  health and safety standard requirements : ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001:2007
Standard requirements for Pulp&Paper industry in Russia : Technical Regulation of Customs Union 032/2013
The educational institute excellence model EFQM : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The Development of a Quality Handbook as a Tool for a Quality Management System: Case ProMedical Ltd
"Value propositions are potential answers to each business performance issue. They are the going in assumptions about future research results. If uniquely proven true, the potential answers become conclusions that should fully address each issue. This book identifies key opportunities to provide value for the organization. It focuses analysis on necessary data collection efforts and provides direction and motivation for the improvement process. It details a method for continuous review of the improvement process and encourages timeliness through digital-setting and milestones"--
Proceedings of the VIth International Postharvest Symposium : Antalya, Turkey, April 8 - 12, 2009
The EFQM excellence model for business enterprises : self-assessment work book
Global university rankings and their impact : EUA Report on rankings 2011
Production part approval process : (PPAP)
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 solveltamiselle koulutuksessa = Quality management systems : guidelines for the application of ISO 9001:2000 in education
Process management : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
IT quality management
The Malcolm Baldrige performance excellence model : 91 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Hitsaus. Osa 1, Hitsauksen laadunhallinta = Welding. Part 1, Quality management in welding
5S for safety implementation toolkit. Participant guide
Point-of-care testing (POCT) : requirements for quality and competence = Analyses de biologie délocalisées (ADBD) - exigences concernant la qualité et la compétence
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat projektien laadunhallinnalle = Quality management systems: guidelines for quality management in projects
Improving the quality of service : case company: International SOS Vietnam
Managing for quality and performance excellence
Medical laboratories : guidance on laboratory implementation of ISO 15189:2003 = Laboratoires médicaux - Directives pour la mise en œuvre du laboratoire de l ́ISO 15189:2003
Proceedings of the Xth International Controlled and Modified Atmosphere Research Conference : Antalya, Turkey, April 4 - 7, 2009
"This practical guide explains how to implement a strategic performance model and select and integrate appropriate metrics to achieve desired goals." -- from back cover.
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
Agile testing : how a tester's role Is changing in software development projects
Development of a new welding product quality control and management system model for China
Practical quality management in the chemical process industry
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Students' role in quality enhancement - a reflection of functional stupidity or an implication of "Quality as Practice"?
Quality management of health services provided and purchased by municipalities : health care board of the Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities 22. Jan. 1998.
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Visualising health care practice improvement : innovation from within
The EFQM excellence model for business enterprises : self-assessment work book : 75 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Quality management for organizational excellence : introduction to total quality
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
Sfs-käsikirja. 178, Tilastollinen laatusanasto : Glossaary of statistical terms of quality control
Strategic continuous process improvement : which quality tools to use, and when to use them
Quality management system ISO 9001:2000 : 60 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Making the case for change : using effective business cases to minimize project and innovation failures
IMPROVING THE CURRENT STANDARD AUDITING PROCEDURE OF BAKER TILLY A&C AUDITING AND CONSULTING CO., LTD : CASE – ZIM INTEGRATED SHIPPING COMPANY
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät. Opastusta laatusuunnitelmista = Quality management systems. Guidelines for quality plans
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Root cause analysis : simplified tool and techniques
QFD application in the hospitality industry : a hotel case study
Maximizing value propositions to increase project success rates
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and  health and safety : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Benchmarks in collection care for museums, archives and libraries : a self-assessment checklist
Perspectives on quality management within a United Kingdom university : a case study of De Montfort University
X-ray metrology in semiconductor manufacturing
The big book of six sigma training games : creative ways to teach basic DMAIC principles and quality improvement tools
Systematic complaint data analysis in a supply chain network context to recognise the quality targets of welding production
Six Sigma for managers
Intrapreneurship excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 37 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : how to identify intrapreneurial ways of thinking and acting
The Six Sigma Way : How to Maximize the Impact of Your Change and Improvement Efforts
Total quality : excellence through organization-wide transformation
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
Agile Testing – How a Tester’s Role Is Changing in Software Development Projects
Quality's greatest hits : classic wisdom from the leaders of quality
