http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9908 process management
process management
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Change and process management : case: implementation of WE-project in Wärtsilä
Automatic re-tuning of PI controllers in oscillating control loops
Total organizational excellence : achieving world-class performance
Process description: The payroll administration take-over of a foreign company in Finland
Business process management : concepts, languages, architectures
In engineering industry, the markets, customer needs and the competitive conditions are  changing increasing speed. If companies like to be profitable, growth or even survive in  these environment changes, organisation core processes must be fluent and work the  most efficient way.In solving given problem of optimal core processes, it was carefully analysed a  particular business area, customer's needs and current status of our own organisational  systems. The definitions of these systems can be simply described as any process that  converts inputs to outputs and add value both to our company and to our customer.  Based to the business area; company, products, customers and competitors analyses it  was formulated company's mission, vision and strategy for the future. Thirdly, based to  the all collected data and created strategy it was determined a successful operating  model, i.e. core processes which enables achieving mission and vision statements.  Adoption of these studies shall lead higher effectiveness, quality level and profitability  in operations. Additionally operative model shall be adapted to potential joint venture  companies. The main improvements comparing the past are clear modes of action and responsibility  roles in customer service, order intake, purchase, manufacturing and shipment  processes.
Product information management : theory and practice
Spare Parts Business Processes Product Commodity Management Process Book
Strategy implementation and communcation : in Team 1 of Case Organization
Managing processes in your professional service enterprise - EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book
Redesign of public sector organiozations and operating processes
Process model of goal communication in e-leading : case Protomo
Development of project management and financial management solutions
World class manufacturing : commissioning a production plant expansion
Standardizing the commissioning phase of RTG cranes to improve product safety and quality : 16WA RTG Commissioning procedure
Prosessijohtamisen käsitteet = Terms and concepts in business process management
Are you viewing, mapping or managing your processes
Process harmonization in a global manufacturing industry : case company order fulfillment process in a new European logistics model
Organisations face many challenges, which induce them to perform better, and thus to establish mature (or excellent) business processes. As they now face globalisation, higher competitiveness, demanding customers, growing IT possibilities, compliancy rules, etc., business process maturity models (BPMMs) have been introduced to help organisations gradually assess and improve their business processes (e.g. CMMI or OMG-BPMM). In fact, there are now so many BPMMs to choose from that organisations risk selecting one that does not fit their needs, or one of substandard quality. This book presents a study that distinguishes process management from process orientation so as to arrive at a common understanding. It also includes a classification study to identify the capability areas and maturity types of 69 existing BPMMs, in order to strengthen the basis of available BPMMs. Lastly it presents a selection study to identify criteria for choosing one BPMM from the broad selection, which produced a free online selection tool, BPMM Smart-Selector.
DHL Finland : finance operations improving the month end closing process
Facilities planning and design
Path to improved firm performance with Business Process Management (BPM) and BPM systems
Selecting metrics for an airline crew irregularity recovery process : framework construction and evaluation
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Process management : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Transformation from a functional organization to a business process driven organization. Reframing organizations through process driven change
Three Case-Studies on Common Software Process Problems in Software Company Acquisitions
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Green business process management : towards the sustainable enterprise
Total Quality Management Blueprint
Defining a project controlling process for BASF Group Information Center
Roadmap for business process management implementation : A case study in telecommunications industry
Strategy and business process management : techniques for improving execution, adaptability, and consistency
Business process change : a business process management guide for managers and process professionals
Developing the product return process of a service center with lean methods
Implementation of the change program in a projekt organization
Business process mapping workbook : improving customer satisfaction
Lean TPM : a blueprint for change
Decision making towards sustainability in process industry : drivers, barriers and business opportunities
Process improvement essentials : a framework for creating and implementing operational improvement plans
The goal of the thesis is to study and develop business processes in a financial services company. The commissioner of the work is the Monetra Oy in Oulu. In the first phase the current state of processes is examined based on interviews of the key people in the company. At the starting point, the main key processes are identified based on services each team in the company provides to customers. In the second phase the analysis is conducted and the improvement areas are identified, in both processes and management methods for process development. The theoretical foundation presents concepts and methodologies relevant to reasoning of the documentation work, process description techniques, consideration of particular characteristics of people centric processes and finally process improvement practices. In the results section the execution of the work is explained and the findings of the analysis are introduced. The result is a documentation of business processes assigned for the study, and an analysis report with a collection of recommendations for future development actions.
Mastering statistical process control : a handbook for performance improvement using cases
Integration of intelligent systems in development of smart adaptive systems : linguistic equation approach
Improving business processes in a globally dispersed make-to-order supply chain : case study on outbound logistics in a multinational corporation
Business process maturity : theory and application
Handbook on business process management. 2, Strategic alignment, governance, people and culture
The SAGE handbook of process organization studies
Development and effect analysis of the Asteri consultative auditing process : safety and security management in educational institutions
Managing business processes : BPR and beyond
Developing of management business
Foundations of operations management : strategy and analysis
Process management in internal marketing. Case: ABB Oy Motors
Developing Empower's DNA network construction process at Lohja
Process mapping and management
Introduction to the ITIL® Service Lifecycle
Mobile technology for interest-based communities: concept design with a knowledge-based approach
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
The chemistry of process development in fine chemical & pharmaceutical industry
Applying process management to project work at ABB Transmit Oy transmission and distribution projects
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Early stages of technology intensive companies
Improving Processes Through Lean -Management : Case Study
Strategy process and a succesfull operating model
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Process costing and just-in-time production management systems
Managing public services-implementing changes : a thoughtful approach to the practice of management
Supplier related investment management process
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
Application of the EFQM-Model in a case company
Performance management of the university education process
Process approach in quality management : case: ECO process development in EMS industry
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Achieving Business Process Improvement through Knowledge Management : A case study with ABB Marine and Cranes, Finland
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Abstract: Process Improvement Analysis of Sysmex dealership in Roche Diagnostics Oy. This thesis is a process improvement analysis of operational work processes used to manage a global dealership contract in a Finnish company. It aims to improve the efficiency of the workflow, ensure policy compliancy and identify and reduce risks embedded in the process. The changes suggested to the processes also consider minimizing the differences between other processes. The thesis is as a practical development project and is highly pragmatic. Its deliverables are detailed process description at its current state, change plan and change control document. The scope of the research is limited to the work performed by the Order Management Coordinator responsible of Sysmex dealership management and further limited to few relevant product groups. The process flow starts from forecasting purchases and continues in their procurement, warehousing and delivery. The process is first described as it is currently, followed by qualitative research on possible improvement areas and concludes in description of suggested changes to the process. The research utilizes relevant operations management and process management techniques and theory. Main approach is that process is analysed in greatest detail and visualised by using flowcharts.
Business process excellence : ARIS in practice
Process modelling for planning and management of facilities : a re-engineering approach
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Execution : the discipline of getting things done
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
The road to excellence : becoming a process-based company : the CAM-I process management guide
Product Information Management is the latest topic that companies across the world are deliberating upon. As companies sell online, they are confronted with the fact that not all information necessary to sell their products is available. Where marketing, sales and finance have been core processes of the corporate world for a long time, PIM is a new business process with its own unique implementation and management challenges. The book describes the core PIM processes; their strategic, tactical and operational benefits and implementation challenges. The book has been written for managers, business users as well as students, and illustrates the different concepts with practical cases from companies like Coca Cola, Nikon and Thomas Cook.
The sales processes of the business information services of Kauppalehti Oy
Process, Sensemaking, and Organizing is the first in a series of volumes which explore perspectives on process theories, an emerging approach to the study of organizations that focuses on (understanding) activities, interactions, and change as essential properties of organizations rather than structures and state - an approach which prioritizes activity over product, change over persistence, novelty over continuity, and expression over determination. Process and sensemaking may be seen as mutually interlocking phenomena and, as such, are cornerstones in process thinking, This volume brings together contributions from an international group of scholars energized by process organization studies. The collection offers perspectives from different disciplines, insights from diverse theoretical traditions and contexts, and parallels made with a range of cultural forms, including art, poetry, and cookery. At the same time, the chapters exhibit a clear emphasis on a process ontology, process theorizing, and narrative thinking. Across this rich and varied collection recurrent themes emerge that distinguish process theorizing from the more logico-scientific, variance-oriented research that dominates organization studies today.
Improving resource implementation proceses : a case study from telecommunication industry
Customer Satisfaction through Product Lifecycle Management Process : Action Research
Building the agile enterprise : with SOA, BPM and MBM
Study and Optimization of Flow Packing Unit : Famifarm Oy
Improving the quotation process of an after-sales unit
Improvement of he repair and return process of a case company
New agile process errors in software development
Process, sensemaking, and organizing
The innovation premium : how next generation companies are achieving peak performance and profitability
The benchmarking book : a how-to guide to best practice for managers and practitioners
Steps to improved firm performance with business process management : adding business value with business process management and its systems
Intercultural management and the process of international acquisitions : a study of Turkish firms
How to be an even better manager : a complete A-Z of proven techniques and essential skills
Interpretation of process measures at Peterson Packaging Oy
Agenda : what every business must do to dominate the decade
Multimodel H2/H[infinite] control : numerical methods and applications
Learning enablers, learning outcomes, learning paths, and their relationships in organizational learning and change
"The latest thinking, strategies, developments, and technologies to stay current in supply chain management.  Presenting the core concepts and techniques of supply chain management in a clear, concise and easily readable style, the Third Edition of Essentials of Supply Chain Management outlines the most crucial tenets and concepts of supply chain management.  Shows how to utilize technology to boost efficiency and responsiveness.  Introduces new material on the latest technology and practices available for supply chain management.  Offers new cases and executive interviews throughout the book.  Written by author of Business in the Cloud: What Every Business Needs to Know about Cloud Computing. Creating an effective supply chain is key to staying ahead in today's complex market. The Third Edition provides the tools, guidance, and examples to help maximize business performance and create competitive advantage."--
Advanced process control in paper and board making
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Process management exellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Essentials of process control
Developing competitiveness of a company using a new business process engineering concept
Analyzing elder care service providers'  processes and cost management practices through case study
Handbook on business process management. 1, Introduction, methods, and information systems
Process-oriented dynamic capabilities : framework development, empirical applications and methodological support
Value creation in childhood obesity care and prevention
Internal process development for Nissan Nordic Europe Oy
Business process modelling : Case: Invoicing process model in the Finnish paper converting company
Essentials of supply chain management
CMMI for services : guidelines for superior service
Analysis of the primary package design process
High-performance process improvement
The global quality management system : improvement through systems thinking
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Understanding total quality management in a week
Process analysis of financial services company
Extensions and modifications of relay autotuning
Maturity modelling as a catalyst for IT continuity management implementation in a large company
Business process maturity : a comparative study on a sample of business process maturity models
Discovering the core logic and purpose of enterprise architecture as a holistic approach to business execution
Topical conference on process systems engineering : presentation records of the Topical Conference held in conjunction with the AIChE Spring National Meeting, Houston, Texas March 14-18, 1999
Improving the Quotation Process of an After-Sales Unit
Instructions for global logistics : logistic process integration during acquisition and merger
Schaum's outline of operating systems
Asset maintenance management : a guide to developing strategy & improving performance
Operations and process management : principles and practice for strategic impact
How work gets done: business process management, basics and beyond
Decision-making process on field technology for process management
A Business process management model for an enterprise application integration & operation support system environment
Function analysis : systematic improvement of quality and performance
Understanding organizational change
Organizational transformation and process reengineering
Covers over 60 essential topics across the three key areas in which any manager needs to be competent: managing people; managing activities and processes; and managing and developing yourself. This book provides guidelines that can help you to develop a broad base of managerial skills and knowledge.
The encyclopedia of operations management : a field manual and glossary of operations management terms and concepts
An expansion investment process in Boliden Harjavalta Oy.
You think you are doing well? : become a winner with customer-centric process leadership
The objectives of the research were to identify and describe the ongoing processes as they were at the moment, and to provide insight on how to develop these processes. The research covers the first stage of the three stage process development of the Business Information Services. Findings create a base line for the stages 2 and 3; otherwise these stages are not covered by this research. The second stage's objective will be to create clear individual description for the processes and modify existing information and other documents to suit the processes. The objective of the third stage is to conduct the actual process development. The research also provides suggestions on how to develop individual functions inside the process. The theoretical framework was based on literature about process management and development on sales organisation. Most of the theory is based on authors Kai Laamanen,  Jouko Hannus, Olli Lecklin, and Hans-Henry Kvist. These authors have a broad understanding of Finnish organisational process management. The study was executed in the form of two group interviews, or workshops in a basis of an action research method. The researcher and three other sales team members formed the target group, which was used for the data collection. In addition to workshops the data was collected by interviewing the sales director of the Business Information Services to ensure that the collected data was coherent with all interviewees. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results revealed a clear and simple sales process map that describes the ongoing processes inside the sales unit. The results also indicated that there was another significant process that has not been described before. This was the customer relationship management process. It was seen important to include this process to sales unit processes to clearly separate the new sales functions from customer relationship management. In conclusion, a continuous process development model, which is modified from Kvist et al. (1995,64) process development model, should be used. This ensures that the development is done effectively and continuously. Advantages of the effective process management are quicker response to market changes, flexibility, better risk management, and ability to decrease cost by cutting the amount of unnecessary functions. These create a major advantage point against rivals that either are more functional or have poorly designed processes.
Process Improvement Analysis of Sysmex dealership in Roche Diagnostics Oy
"This book delivers a global perspective on the influence of electronic commerce on organizational behavior, development, and management in organizations, discussing issues such as information security; strategic management of electronic commerce; organizational learning; business process management; mediated enterprises; and electronic marketplaces. It will prove an essential addition to library collections worldwide"--Provided by publisher.
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Revisiting the nexus of entrepreneurship and sustainability : towards an affective and interactive framework for the sustainability entrepreneurship journey
More for less : the power of process management
Strategy process procedures : case Zeta Group
Systems for all
The Six Sigma Way : How to Maximize the Impact of Your Change and Improvement Efforts
Project management for automotive engineers : a field guide
Total quality management : text, cases and readings
Process management : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
You think you are doing well? : become a winner with customer centric process leadership
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to model and analyze the quotation process of area managers at a global company. Process improvement requires understanding the fundamentals of the process. The study was conducted a case study. Data comprised of internal documentation of the case company, literature, and semi-structured, themed interviews of process performers and stakeholders. The objective was to produce model of the current state of the process. The focus was to establish a holistic view of the roles and overall composition of the process. The analysis of the current state utilized principles of business process management. The identified challenges were evaluated by their criticality to produce a condensed body for the analysis. Each challenge was addressed individually against theories of process improvement. The study progressed iteratively. The output was a list of suggested improvement points with appropriate methods of achieving the desired changes.  It was found that processes are utilitarian and effective, but require planning and continuous improvement. The intra-connectedness of multiple processes forms complex entities, thus validating the need for business process management. The transformation of business strategy requires reformations in the everyday functions and processes. This study aims to bridge the successful processes of today with those in the strategic scope of the future.  The study has use as an informative document to communicate the purpose and structure of the process. The findings of the study received confirmation from the results of a yearly customer survey and a concurrent operational improvement project.
Business process reengineering : automation decision points in process reengineering
Current state analysis in an environmental technology organisation
Process improvement analysis of Sysmex dealership in Roche Diagnostics Oy
Web technologies for commerce and services online
This book provides a balanced view of the field of business process change. Bestselling author Paul Harmon offers concepts, methods, cases for all aspects and phases of successful business process improvement. Updated and added for this edition is new material on the development of business models and business process architecture development, on integrating decision management models and business rules, on service processes and on dynamic case management, and on integrating various approaches in a broad business process management approach.
