http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9910 great powers
great powers
Comic plots as conflict resolution strategy
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
The anarchical society in a globalized world
From a civilian power to a world power : the European Union in world affairs
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
European Union and Russia : different great powers
Bright young things
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Pakistan on the brink : the future of Pakistan, Afghanistan and the west
The United States and the great powers : world politics in the twenty-first century
Great powers and geopolitical change
Step into the world of ancient Persia
Globalisation, citizenship and the war on terror
Sweden in the seventeenth century
Great empires, small nations : the uncertain future of the sovereign state
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Fighting against uncertainty : the fundamental shift in the global security agenda from bipolarity to multilateralism in the post Cold War era
Roads and riddles? : Western major power metaphors of nonviolent conflict resolution
Local consequences of the global Cold War
The great powers
Atlas of Empires
Book reviews & review articles
Iran in crisis? : nuclear ambitions and the American response
China, the U.S., and the power-transition theory : a critique
Strangers within the realm : cultural margins of the first British Empire
Oilopoly : Putin, power and the rise of the new Russia
The next decade : empire and republic in a changing world
Cultural relations between the United States and the Soviet Union : efforts to establish cultural-scientific exchange blocked by U.S.S.R
The spy's son : The true story of the highest-ranking CIA officer ever convicted of espionage and the son he trained to spy for Russia
The superpowers and the Middle East
No one's world : the West, the rising rest, and the coming global turn
Key treaties for the great powers 1814-1914. Vol. 2, 1871-1914
On an alternate Earth irrevocably transformed by a violent spray of comets in the 1870s, the planet is controlled by two superpowers--the British Empire and Russia--who appear to be heading for a deadly showdown.
A century's journey : how the great powers shape the world
Major powers' nuclear policies and international order in the 21st century
Cold water politics : the maritime strategy and geopolitics of the northern front
The dawn of universal history : selected essays from a witness of the twentieth century
Defending the rights of others : the great powers, the Jews, and international minority protection, 1878-1938
Liberal leadership : great powers and their challengers in peace and war
Empires and states in European perspective
The five biggest lies Bush told us about Iraq
Peoples and empires : Europeans and the rest of the world, from antiquity to the present
The once and future Security Council
Power politics
The future of global conflict
Conflict and cooperation in transatlantic relations
The nuclear age : from Hiroshima to star wars
A pioneering volume comparing the great historical empires, such as the Roman, Mughal and Ottoman. Leading interdisciplinary thinkers study tributary empires from diverse perspectives, illuminating the importance of these earlier forms of imperialism to broaden our perspective on modern concerns about empire and the legacy of colonialism.
Aerial Espionage : Secret Intelligence Flights by East and West
Axis of convenience : Moscow, Beijing, and the new geopolitics
The functions of small states in the strategies of the great powers
Imbalance of power : US hegemony and international order
Key treaties for the great powers 1814-1914. Vol. 1, 1814-1870
Empires : the logic of world domination from ancient Rome to the United States
Superpower games : applying game theory to superpower conflict
Imperial ends : the decay, collapse, and revival of empires
The Peshawar Lancers
Fade from Red : the cold war ex-enemy in Russian and American film 1990-2005
Veil of fire : a novel
The ideological origins of great power politics, 1789-1989
Will America change?
The great powers and the European states system 1814-1914
The new middle ages : the world system in the 21st century
Empire and globalisation : networks of people, goods and capital in the British world, c.1850-1914
International relations theory and the consequences of unipolarity
Sources of metropolitan growth
US-China relations in the 21st century : power, transition, and peace
Tributary empires in global history
Britain, Commonwealth and Empire 1901-1955
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
An introduction to the Old Testament : sacred texts and imperial contexts of the Hebrew Bible
Great powers and the quest for hegemony : the world order since 1500
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
World without end : Spain, Philip II, and the first global empire
Day of empire : how hyperpowers rise to global dominance - and why they fall
Focusing on the great population movement of British emigrants before 1914, this book provides a new perspective on the relationship between empire and globalisation. It shows how distinct structures of economic opportunity developed around the people who settled across a wider British World through the co-ethnic networks they created. Yet these networks could also limit and distort economic growth. The powerful appeal of ethnic identification often made trade and investment with racial 'outsiders' less appealing, thereby skewing economic activities toward communities perceived to be 'British'. By highlighting the importance of these networks to migration, finance and trade, this book contributes to debates about globalisation in the past and present. It reveals how the networks upon which the era of modern globalisation was built quickly turned in on themselves after 1918, converting racial, ethnic and class tensions into protectionism, nationalism and xenophobia. Avoiding such an outcome is a challenge faced today.
The great powers and Finland 1941-1944
Israel and empire : a postcolonial history of Israel and early Judaism
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
The birth of a great power system, 1740-1815
Distortions : European security, grandeur and French political identity
Weak states in the international system
China and India online : information technology politics and diplomacy in the world's two largest nations
The spread of superweapons - nuclear, chemical, and biological - and the means to deliver them is now out of control and is the single greatest danger facing the world. Critical Mass is the first comprehensive look at how this happened, where current and potential threats are, and what can be done to avert catastrophe. Third World superweapon proliferation is more frightening than the cold war arms race. This new arms race is a genocidal contest, fueled by hatred and meant to settle old racial, ethnic, and religious scores. Authors William E. Burrows and Robert Windrem disclose how Saddam Hussein planned an assembly line of fifteen to twenty atomic bombs a year, provided by an Arab Dr. Strangelove and atomic spies, cynical German industrialists with Nazi heritages, greedy Brazilian businessmen, and an impressive procurement network of arrogant Western politicians and Ph.D.s who consulted on death. Iraq is now a model for nations from Kazakhstan to North Korea, from Iran to India to Indonesia, nations that see Mutual Assured Destruction not as a deterrent but as a temptation. Dealing with proliferation, the authors say, is now Washington's highest foreign policy priority. Success will depend not so much on "techno-fixes" such as export controls as on resolving the underlying issues that divide the Third World. --Provided by publisher.
Contemporary diplomacy of China = Dangdai Zhongguo waijiao gaikuang
Critical mass : the dangerous race for superweapons in a fragmenting world
The superpowers : a short history
In the shadow of empire : reclaiming the Bible as a history of faithful resistance
Superpower roles : a comparative analysis of United States and Soviet Foreign policy
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
Great powers and strategic stability in the 21st century : competing visions of world order
After the empire : the breakdown of the American order
General war among great powers in world history
What we say goes : conversations on U.S. power in a changing world : interviews with David Barsamian
Empire : the Russian empire and its rivals
The world as it is : dispatches on the myth of human progress
The spy's son : the true story of the highest-ranking CIA officer ever convicted of espionage and the son he trained to spy for Russia
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
When opponents cooperate : great power conflict and collaboration in world politics
The great powers and Africa
Russia's foreign policy : change and continuity in national identity
Complex deterrence : strategy in the global age
The great powers and Finnish independence in 1917
The king
A history of the American people
Great powers and geopolitics : international affairs in a rebalancing world
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
Bidwell's guide to government ministers. 1, The major powers and Western Europe 1900-1971
Superpower intervention in the Middle East
The European powers' plans regarding Jerusalem towards the middle of the 19th century
Imperiology : from empirical knowledge to discussing the Russian Empire
Putin's master plan : to destroy Europe, divide NATO, and restore Russian power and global influence
Comparing empires : encounters and transfers in the long nineteenth century
Compound dilemmas : democracy, collective action, and superpower rivalry
The age of empires
