http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9925 interior decorating with house plants
interior decorating with house plants
The conservatory gardener
Houseplants : plants to add style and glamour to your home
The book of the conservatory
Feeling good with plants, extra large
The meaning of growing plants : contributions to the elderly living in sheltered housing
Indoor gardening : a new approach to displaying plants in the home
Green infrastructure : incorporating plants and enhancing biodiversity in buildings and urban environments
New patio design
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009 ; [LUH 2009]
Easy outdoor living: 40 great garden projects
Interior landscapes : an American portfolio of green environments
IDEAL HOME BOOK OF STYLISH INTERIORS
The complete practical guide to patio, terrace, backyard & courtyard gardening
Divided by you : creating flexible walls with functions
Living with the seasons : creating a natural home
Martha Stewart's new old house
Interior gardens : designing and constructing green spaces in private and public buildings
Interior landscaping
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
Balconies & roof gardens : themed ideas for small scale gardening
Plants and well-being
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
