http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9922 sales
sales
Structural dynamics in global pulp and paper industry
Labour and technology in milk production : report of CIGR Working Group 17
B2B A to Z : marketing tools and strategies that generate leads for your business-to-business company
Summary.
Create value with strategic accounts
Speciality paper mill supply operations in different demand situations
The effect of terrain on the output in forest transportation of timber
Abstract.
The global brand : how to create and develop lasting brand value in the world market
Time consumption analysis of the mechanized cut-to-length harvesting system
Application for calculating materials included in wall panel details in Tekla Structures
Much loved books : best sellers of the ages
Stochastic models of buying behavior
The influence of the outlets on the market share : constructing a theoretical model and applying it to banking
Applying the activity-based costing to cut-to-length timber harvesting and trucking
The purpose of the research was to study the impacts of the 2009 financial crisis on the market for luxury clothing in Russia, especially in St. Petersburg. This included studying the changes in the economic situation in general, consumer demand, operations of the luxury companies during the crisis and the challenges for a new company planning to enter the market. The research was based on reports, articles and other written information sources by experts from the financial and fashion sectors as well as five intervies with professionals from the fashion industry in St. Petersburg. The research was conducted together with Jasmin Santanen Paris company. The research was conducted through thematic interviews with five interviewees: International relationship manager from a company organizing a fashion trade fair, the president of the unofficial fashion week of St. Petersburg, a manager of a luxury multi-brand store, a buyer from a department store and a sole entrepreneur. Common themes and opinions were then summarized and compared to the secondary information. It was discovered that the financial crisis of 2009 has had an impact on the luxury fashion market in St. Petersburg. The consumer demand has decreased; many companies have cut or delayed their operations and expansion plans. In addition to the direct effects of the financial crisis, many other challenges that a new luxury company faces in the Russian market, was discovered. These include the lack of experience and  qualified professionals, corruption, complicated tax and customs procedures and changing consumer preferences.
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
The inpact of the 2009 financial crisis on the market of luxury clothing in Russia, in st. Petersburg in particuar
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Evaluating and improving demand forecast practices for B2B and B2C sectors
Forecasting in business : Tikkurila Oyj
Comparison of productivity, cost and environmental impacts of two harvesting methods in Northern Iran : short-log vs. long-log
