http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9923 prehistoric plants
prehistoric plants
Crop evolution under fire : the past cultivation with sequential kytö burning selected against the shattering weedy forms and comparison between Finnish kytö and Ethiopian guie
Fossils : a photographic field guide
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. III, Artifacts, ecofacts and concluding studies
From earth to art : the many aspects of the plant-world in Anglo-Saxon England : proceedings of the first ASPNS Symposium, University of Glasgow, 5-7 April 2000
Cereals, weeds and crop; processing in Iron Age Sweden : methodological and interpretive aspects of archaeobotanical evidence
The age of the mammoths
The vegetation zones of northern Scandinavia and their development during the post-glacial period
The history of the Stratiotes lakes of northern Fennoscandia in the light of stratigraphical studies
Life stories
The history of life
Archaeological and palaeoecological studies in Medelpad, N. Sweden
Geological investigations in the Anundsjö region, Northern Sweden. 12, Geologiacal investigations in the Anundsjö region, Northern Sweden
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 2, [Analysis]
Evolution : the story of life
Earthly paradises : ancient gardens in history and archaeology
Plant remains from the Norse farm Sandnes in the western settlement, Greenland
Medieval food traditions in Northern Europe
The Fisher site : archaeological, geological, and paleobotanical studies at an early Paleo-Indian site in southern Ontario, Canada
Relics : travels in nature's time machine
The visual dictionary of prehistoric life
Plant eaters
The publication of the full report of the Tel Beer-sheba Iron Age remains is a fulfillment of a scientific dream. The excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, carried out under the auspices of the Institute of Archaeology of Tel Aviv University, were the highlight of Yohanan Aharoni's vast research program in the Beer-sheba Valley. He directed this program from 1969 until his untimely death in 1976 at the age of 56. The final season of excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, the eighth, took place in the summer of 1976 and was carried out after Aharoni's demise by his chief assistants, Ze'ev Herzog, Itzhaq Beit-Arieh, and Anson F. Rainey. The latter two regrettably did not live to see the completion of this publication, but they shared in the work, as did the young staff members who enabled the Tel Beer-sheba project to become a reality. During the National Parks Authority site development, there was further exposure, mainly of the water supply systems, directed by Ze'ev Herzog with David Sappo (Western Quarter, 1990–1991), with Tsvika Tsuk (the well, 1993) and finally with Ido Ginaton (the water-system, 1994–1995). Now, after a lengthy process of analyzing the excavations in the storerooms of Tel Aviv University's Institute of Archaeology and digging through the endless documentary material amassed, the full data is proudly presented. This work is offered not merely as a final report but as a starting point for further scientific inquiry on the abundant architectural, artifactual, and ecofactual data from Tel Beer-sheba. Volume I reports on the stratigraphy and architecture, volume 2 on the pottery; and volume 3 on the artifacts, ecofacts, and also provides concluding studies. The three volumes are profusely illustrated and an essential resource for anyone interested in the history of Judah, the Beer-sheba Valley, the site itself, and life during the Iron Age in the southern Levant.
The pioneer vegetational phase in Central Lapland (Finland) based on new palynological data
On the development of Lake Höytiäinen in Carelia and its ancient flora
Investigations of the ancient flora of Häme (Tavastland)
Prehistoric : [the definitive visual history of life on earth]
The cultural landscape during 6000 years in southern Sweden : the Ystad Project
Dig it all : papers dedicated to Ari Siiriäinen
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
Studies in paleobotany
Ancient plants : being a simple account of the past vegetation of the earth and of the recent important discoveries made in this realm of nature study
Leechcraft : Early English charms, plant lore, and healing
