http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9924 house plants
house plants
Orchid basics
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
Global warming : the complete briefing
Low Carbon Life
Emissions into air by industry
Plants and well-being
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Bonsai : its art, science, history and philosophy
Bonsai survival manual : an essential guide to buying, maintaining and problem solving
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Growing plants without soil : easy-care plants for home and office
How to garden : planning, planting and maintaining your outside space
GrowerTalks on crop culture 2
All about house plants : their selection, culture and propagation, and how best use them decorative effect
The art of bonsai
The beauty of bonsai : a guide to displaying and viewing nature's exquisite sculpture
Cacti : an illustrated guide to varieties, cultivation and care, with step-by-step instructions and over 160 magnificent photographs
The plant recipe book : 100 living arrangements for any home in any season
Practical bonsai projects : all you need to know about creating and displaying miniature trees and shrubs ..
Simon & Schuster's guide to Orchids
Complete guide to orchids
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
How to grow fruits, vegetables & houseplants without soil : the secrets of hydroponic gardening revealed
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Outdoor plants for indoor rooms
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Orchids as house plants
Container gardening
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Cacti : The illustrated dictionary
Design and implementation of a data collection system with Raspberry Pi for greenhouse monitoring
Man Lung garden artistic pot plants
Indoor gardening : in room and greenhouse
Foliage pot plant manual
Houseplants : plants to add style and glamour to your home
The complete book of orchid growing
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Bonsai for beginners
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Orchids for amateurs
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
The complete book of garden magic
Hot plants for cool climates : gardening with tropical plants in temperate zones
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
An illustrated A-Z guide to houseplants : everything you need to know to identify, choose and care for 350 of the most popular houseplants
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Growing orchids : successful gardening indoors and out : an illustrated encyclopedia and practical gardening guide
Moth orchids : the complete guide to Phalaenopsis
John Houghton's market-leading textbook is now in full colour and includes the latest IPCC findings, making it the definitive guide to climate change. Written for students across a wide range of disciplines, its simple, logical flow of ideas gives an invaluable grounding in the science and impacts of climate change and highlights the need for action on global warming. Is there evidence for climate changing due to human activities? How do we account for recent extremes of weather and climate? Can global electricity provision and transport ever be carbon free? Written by a leading figure at the forefront of action to confront humanity's most serious environmental problem, this undergraduate textbook comprehensively explores these and other issues, allowing students to think through the problem, assess the data and draw conclusions on the action that should be taken, by governments, by industry and by each and every one of us.
Wireless systems in greenhouse
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Beautiful tabletop gardens
Propagating house plants
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Houseplants for dummies
Cactus basics : a comprehensive guide to cultivation and care
Emissions of nitrous acid (HONO), nitric oxide (NO), and nitrous oxide (N2O) from horse dung
Foliage plant diseases : diagnosis and control
The practical encyclopedia of container gardening : indoors & outdoors
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
This collection gathers a set of seminal papers from the emerging area of ethics and climate change. Topics covered include human rights, international justice, intergenerational ethics, individual responsibility, climate economics, and the ethics of geoengineering. Climate Ethics is intended to serve as a source book for general reference, and for university courses that include a focus on the human dimensions of climate change. It should be of broad interest to all those concerned with global justice, environmental science and policy, and the future of humanity.
Urine as a fertilizer for lettuce grown in greenhouse conditions
Preparing emission reporting from forests : use of national forest inventories in European countries
Foliage plants : Prolonging quality
Boreal forest and climate change
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Methods to reduce CO2 emissions from offices and public events inFinland
Orchids : a practical guide to the world's most fascinating plants
Miniscapes : create your own terrarium
Compendium of ornamental foliage plant diseases
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Trends and projections in Europe 2015 : tracking progress towards Europe's climate and energy targets
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
The illustrated encyclopedia of cacti
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
Topiaries and espaliers : plus other designs for shaping plants
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
The complete book of cacti & succulents
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Practical bonsai / A book of little trees
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
Indoor bonsai
Assessing greenhouse gas emission from waste management in EU countries
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Indoor bonsai for beginners : selection, care, training
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Achieving cost efficiency with the 30% greenhouse gas emission reduction target of the EU
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Create your own bonsai : 50 step-by-step projects shown in over 400 photographs
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
The edible balcony : growing fresh produce in the heart of the city
Orchids : care and cultivation
Greenhouse Gas Assessment of Nokian Tyres
The virgin gardener
Pop bonsai : fun with arranging small trees and plants
Assessment of CO2 fluxes and effects of possible climate changes on forests in Estonia
The pruning handbook
Cactus basics
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
The bonsai handbook
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Eco-friendly houseplants : 50 indoor plants that purify the air in homes and offices
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Successful bonsai : Raising exotic miniature trees in your home
Greenhouse gas fluxes from drained peat soils:a comparison of different land use types and hydrological site characteristics
The indoor garden : design, construction, and furnishing
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
The Bonsai identifier
Pots & plants : inspired year-round ideas for your outside space
The living art of Bonsai : principles and techniques of cultivation and propagation
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Solar Photovoltaic
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Bonsai from native trees and shrubs : creation, cultivation, care
The conservatory gardener
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
Environmental interiorscapes : a designer's guide to interior plantscaping and automated irrigation systems
Greenhouse monitoring with Wireless Sensor Network
Winter & spring flowers
Indoor gardening : a new approach to displaying plants in the home
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
The Chrysantyhemum grower's treasury
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
The complete book of bonsai
Growing bonsai : a practical encyclopedia : the complete guide to a classic art with essential techniques, step-by-steps projects and over 800 photographs
An introduction to bonsai
Energy : the basics
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
How to grow fresh air : 50 houseplants that purify your home or office
The RHS encyclopaedia of house plants
Russian pledge vs. business-as-usual : implementing energy efficiency policies can curb carbon emissions
Growing bonsai : a practical encyclopedia : the complete guide to a classic art with essential techniques, step-by-step projects and over 800 photographs
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
Pests and diseases
Feeling good with plants, extra large
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Factors controlling carbon gas fluxes in boreal lakes
Archaea, Bacteria, and methane production along environmental gradients in fens and bogs
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
Cacti and succulents : an illustrated guide to the plants and their cultivation
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Market research on the Finnish pot-plan market
Indoor and greenhouse plants : all-colour book of
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
The practical illustrated guide to growing cacti & succulents : the definitive gardening reference on identification, care and cultivation with a directory of 400 varieties and 700 photographs
The new house plant expert
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
The effect of pyrethrum preparations on certain common horticultural pests
Bonsai survival manual : an essential guide to buying, maintaining, and problem solving
Succulents in cultivation : (Cacti included)
Orchids are easy to grow
Living with the seasons : creating a natural home
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Making REDD+ work for communities and forests : three shared lessons for project designers
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
Horse dung contains considerable amounts of nitrogen which is partly lost during the storage period. Leaching of nitrogen from the dung can be prevented with constructions but also gaseous N-emissions occur. However, the emission rates are not reported in the literature. We measured in laboratory conditions nitrous oxide (N2O), nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous acid (HONO) emissions from fresh, one month old and one year old horse dung samples. NO and HONO emissions increased with the storage time of the dung. The mean emission rates of HONO and NO were from 36 to 280 ng N kg dw-1h-1 and from 15 to 3500 ng N kg dw-1h-1, respectively. N2O emissions were more variable showing also highest emissions (20.3 µg N kg dw-1 h-1) from the oldest samples. Thus, the longer storage of horse dung increases gaseous N losses which should be taken into account when planning the environmental friendly way to handle horse dung..
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
The best of house plants
Ball culture guide : The encyclopedia of seed germination
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Modern terrarium studio : Design + build custom landscapes with succulents, air plants + more
The Bonsai handbook
The bonsai bible : [raising exotic miniature trees in your home]
Diffusion GHG fluxes at tropical peatland drainage canal water surfaces
Conservatory and indoor plants. Vol. 1
Plant factory : an indoor vertical farming system for efficient quality food production
The Collingridge handbook of bonsai
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Climate strategy study for Pori region
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
The complete book of plant propagation
Climate ethics : essential readings
Indoor plants and gardens
Assessing the sustainability of liquid biofuels from evolving technologies : a Finnish approach
Cacti : a gardener's handbook for their identification and cultivation
