http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9937 encephalitis
encephalitis
Incidence and outcome of childhood encephalitis
Antenatal inflammation and brain pathology in preterm infants
Neuromagnetic sequelae of herpes simplex encephalitis
Hot topics in infection and immunity in children. VIII
Role of HMGB1 in cells of the circulation
Experimental immunomodulation in Alzheimer's disease
"This volume brings together the concepts that underpin a One Health approach and a range of examples of this approach in action around a variety of emerging infectious diseases. The first section starts with a human clinical perception, brings in the veterinary and human-animal interface perspective and then links this with environment issues, with a special chapter dealing with wildlife. It concludes by looking at the economics of a One Health approach, both in terms of the costs of delivering a One Health approach as well as the value added. The second section looks at a number of key emerging infectious diseases and in each case details how a One Health approach has added value, particularly in terms of disease control and cost outcomes. The examples cover virus, bacterial, protozoal and parasitic infections and provide case studies at the national, regional and global level. The studies themselves vary in depth and detail but provide an engaging set of examples of the value of a One Health approach. In all cases, the authors have local and personal experience of the disease in question, providing real life examples of what can be achieved. The final chapter entitled 'Men, primates and germs: an ongoing affair' provides a fascinating insight into pathogen host switching between closely related species which serves to illustrate a core value of a One Health approach." -- (Back Cover)
Microglial response to inflammatory stimuli-impact of protein acetylation and phosphorylation
Primary intracerebral hemorrhage (pICH) is a severe, suddenly occurring disease involving high mortality and poor functional outcome. In the absence of curative treatment patient management is mainly supportive with the emphasis on preventing hematoma enlargement and complications. Better understanding of the factors predicting outcome are needed to define effective treatments.An unselected population-based registry study of 982 pICH patients admitted to Oulu University Hospital during the years 1993 to 2008 was conductedThe study revealed that concomitant use of warfarin and serotonin-modulating antidepressants at the time of pICH increases the case fatality rate compared to patients with warfarin alone.An elevated C-reactive protein value on admission was an independent predictor of unfavorable outcome after pICH. This association was not explained by pre-existing heart disease, diabetes, severity of the bleeding, or infections.Patients undergoing surgical hematoma evacuation were observed to have improved 3-month survival compared to conservatively treated patients. Improved survival was noticed especially in patients with ≤70 years of age with ≥30ml supratentorial ICHs. Hematoma evacuation did not improve functional outcome.Earlier ischemic stroke was found to be an independent predictor of recurrent pICH. Diabetes seemed to increase and treated hypertension decrease the risk for fatal recurrence. Aspirin or serotonin-modulating antidepressants did not seem to increase the risk of recurrence.
Is EEG useful in assessing patients with acute encephalitis treated with acyclovir?
Impact of the peripheral immune system to disease-induced neuroinflammation
Memory disorders in acute encephalitis : a neuropsychological study
Ticks and what you can do about them
Molecular epidemiology of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Ixodes ricinus ticks in Lithuania
Childhood bacterial meningitis : antimicrobial treatment, recovery and initial follow-up
Preceding medication, inflammation, and hematoma evacuation predict outcome of intracerebral hemorrhage : a population based study
Perinatal brain damage in very preterm infants : prenatal inflammation and neurologic outcome in children born term and preterm
Meningoencephalitis caused by Cryptococcus macerans : case report
Regulation of neural progenitor cell proliferation and fate by proteolytic pathways and inflammatory signals in the brain
Systemic transplantation of bone marrow stromal cells : an experimental animal study of biodistribution and tissue targeting
Central nervous system permeation of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and paracetamol in children
Perinatal brain damage in very preterm infants:prenatal inflammation and neurologic outcome in children born term and preterm
Epidemiological situation of tick-borne encephalitis in the European Union and European Free Trade Association countries
Factors in the environment, viruses and host responses affecting the epidemiology of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Northern Europe
Neurogliavascular remodeling and therapeutic intervention in ischemia and inflammation
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Inflammatory biomarkers in multiple sclerosis
Slow recovery of cerebrospinal fluid glucose and protein concentrations distinguish pneumococcal from haemophilus influenzae and meningococcal meningitis in children : [letter]
Motor behaviour in experimental herpes simplex virus brain infection : responses in dopamine and serotonin systems
Neuropsychological sequelae of acute-onset sporadic viral encephalitis
Autonomic dysfunction in multiple sclerosis and optic neuritis
Clinical decision making in rehabilitation : efficacy and outcomes
Occupational therapy : practice skills for physical dysfunction
Pituitary and adrenal response to critical illness
Occupational therapy and physical dysfunction : principles, skills and practice
Capsular polysaccharides of bacteria causing meningitis : antibody-binding properties and cross-reactivity with tissue glycoproteins
Invasive pneumococcal infections in Finland before routine use of conjugate vaccines : opportunities for prevention
Cerebral ischemia and inflammation : treatment with minocycline
Oral glycerol and intravenous dexamethasone in preventing neurologic and audiologic sequelae of childhood bacterial meningitis
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
Recent Advances in Prolactin Research summarizes the current knowledge of prolactin (PRL), PRL receptor, PRL-dependent signaling pathways, the role of PRL in oncogenesis and PRL crosstalk with other oncogenic factors. The chapters are written by experts in these fields and focus on identifying and reviewing timely experimental findings that provide new insights into the expanding role of PRL in the pathophysiology associated with a variety of human conditions. Prolactin is a peptide hormone that is best known for its role in lactation. Prolactin also has an influence on hematopoiesis and angiogenesis, and is involved in the regulation of blood clotting through several pathways. Although PRL was discovered more than 80 years ago, the understanding of PRL signaling and its relationship to various pathologies is still very incomplete. PRL is not only a pituitary hormone with an important role in reproduction, but PRL also acts as a cytokine, modulating a wide variety of physiological processes. For example, data gathered during the last decade have demonstrated that locally produced PRL acts as the autocrine/paracrine factor and plays a contributory role during breast oncogenesis. In fact, the scientific and clinical communities have suggested that the manipulation of the PRL axis may lead to the successful treatment of breast cancer. However, recent work has demonstrated that the role of the PRL axis is much more complex than first envisaged.
Improving outcome of childhood bacterial meningitis by simplified treatment : experience from Angola
Infections, strokes, and brain : what are the outcomes?
Flavivirus infections in travelers : insights into prevention of Japanese encephalitis and diagnostics of dengue
Expression constructs and cell biology of tick-borne encephalitis virus proteins
Abstract. - Resumo. - Yhteenveto.
Isolated retrograde amnesia for autobiographical material associated with acute left temporal lobe encephalitis
Serological study of Escherichia coli fimbriae associated with human extraintestinal infections
Abstract.
The regulation of neuroinflammation by nuclear factor kappa B and apolipoprotein E
One health: the human-animal-environment Interfaces in emerging infectious diseases : the concept and examples of a one health approach
Summary.
Chlamydia pneumoniae associated with central nervous system infections
Diagnosis of tick-borne encephalitis by a [myy]-capture IgM-EIA based on secreted recombinant antigen
Detection and molecular epidemiology of tick-borne encephalitis virus infections
"Awakenings - which inspired the major motion picture - is the remarkable story of a group of patients who contracted sleeping-sickness during the great epidemic just after World War I. Frozen for decades in a trance-like state, these men and women were given up as hopeless until 1969, when Dr. Oliver Sacks gave them the then-new drug L-DOPA, which had an astonishing, explosive, "awakening" effect. Dr. Sacks recounts the moving case histories of his patients, their lives, and the extraordinary transformations which went with their reintroduction to a changed world." -- (Back Cover)
Siberian subtype tickborne encephalitis virus, Finland
Hyperfixation of 99mTc-HMPAO and hypofixation of 123I-iomazenil in acute herpes encephalitis
Tick-borne encephalitis virus infections in Lithuanian domestic animals and ticks
Poor antibody production in fatal herpes encephalitis : letter
Familial herpes encephalitis : letter to the editor
Cognitive impairment after acute encephalitis : comparison of herpes simplex and other aetiologies
Flavivirus Infections in Travelers: Insights into Prevention of Japanese Encephalitis and Diagnostics of Dengue
Aetiological diagnosis of acute central nervous system infections in adults : the role of PCR
Infectious diseases in Finland 1995-2009
Recent advances in prolactin research
Infectious disease
Herpes simplex virus infection, pathological pain and recurrent lymphocytic meningitis
Asleep : the forgotten epidemic that remains one of medicine's greatest mysteries
Polygenic risk scores, transcriptomics, and molecular mechanisms of Alzheimer's disease-related risk genes
Crosby, acclaimed author of "The American Plague", explores the frightening history of a long forgotten disease--sleeping sickness--and details the frantic effort to conquer it before it strikes again.
