http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p993 foundations (structural components)
foundations (structural components)
Political change in Myanmar : filtering the murky waters of "disciplined democracy"
Design Handbook for a Stack Foundation
Frost in geotechnical engineering : international symposium Saariselkä, Finland, 13-15 March, 1989. 1-2
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Construction technology. 1, House construction
Constitutions of nations. 3:2, Europe
Statutes on constitutional law
Underpinning : Nordic practice
The genius of the people
Bridge engineering : substructure design
Building construction illustrated
Always with justice
Moisture and fungal spore transport in outdoor air-ventilated crawl spaces in a cold climate
The constitution of Australia : a contextual analysis
The American political process
The fundamental law of the USSR
In search for the European solidarity : the rule of law within the European Union in the framework of constitutional pluralism
Constitutions of nations : the first compilation in the English language of the texts of the constitutions of the various nations of the world, together with summaries, annotations, bibliographies and comparative tables. 3, Nicaragua-Yugoslavia
The development of the American constitution 1877-1917
Construction technology : an illustrated introduction
Encyclopaedia of hydraulics, soil and foundation engineering
Aspects of Indian constitution
A short course in soil-structure engineering of deep foundations, excavations and tunnels
"Foundation Engineering focuses on the analysis and design of foundations using rational approaches to a large extent. Soil-Structure interaction approach using Winkler model for soil representation is discussed in detail along with conventional approach. It also presents the structural design methods using codes of practice for limit state design of RC structures. Analysis and design of commonly constructed shallow foundations as well as circular and annular foundations have been presented in detail. Pile foundations subjected to general loads and moments are discussed in detail.Presents  updated design procedures in light of revised codes and standards, covering  American Concrete Institute (ACI) codes  Eurocode 7  Other British Standard-based codes Provides background material provided for easy understanding of the topics, such as:   Code provisions for reinforced concrete  Pile design and construction  Machine foundations and construction practices  Tests for obtaining the design parameters Covers subjects not covered in other foundation texts:  Soil-structure interaction approaches using analytical, numerical, finite element methods Analysis and design of circular and annular foundations Analysis and design of  Piles and groups subjected to general loads and movements  Contains worked out examples to  illustrate the analysis and design  Provides several problems for practice at the end of each chapter Lecture materials for instructors available from the book's Companion Website"--
Construction and design of cement grouting : a guide to grouting in rock foundations
The Finnish constitution in transition
Sources and documents of United States Constitutions : second series. 2, National documents 1801-1825
Provides exhaustive coverage of cement grouting in rock foundations, outlining all types of cement grout, comparing their suitabilities and describing various ways cement grouting is used in engineering construction. Written and arranged in an easy-to-read manner, the book is arranged as a reference manual with numerous cross-references. Step-by-step explanations on grouting techniques are given in considerable detail and written with both the novice and experienced practitioner in mind. Also covers advanced technology, including the current state of computer use in grouting operations; the latest grouting materials such as microfine; and the use of superplasticizers in cement grout. Chapters are arranged from elementary to advanced technology.
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
Frost in geotechnical engineering : international symposium, Saariselkä, Finland, 13-15 March, 1989. Vol. 2
Foundation analysis and design
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Constitution (fundamental law) of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics : adopted at the seventh (special) session of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, ninth convocation on october 7, 1977.
The mechanics of soils and foundations
Geotechnical engineering handbook. Volume 3, Elements and structures
The Constitution and what it means today
The Federalist : a commentary on the Constitution of the United States, being a collection of essays written in support of the Constitution agreed upon September 17, 1787, by the Federal convention
The declaration of independence : The constitution of The United States of America
Zhonghua renmin gongheguo Xianggang tebie xingzhengqu jibenfa = The basic law of the Hong Kong special administrative region of the People's Republic of China
Geotechnical engineering handbook. Volume 2, Procedures
On thermal interaction between slab-on-ground structures and subsoil in Finland
Summary: Founding of small houses.
The declaration of independence ; The constitution of The United States of America
New federalist papers : essays in defense of the Constitution
Building structures
Constitutions of nations. 3:1, Europe
On the distribution of the reaction forces acting on a rigid footing and pile foundation in sand
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
Some problems of the constitution
Design of foundation systems : principles and practices
Drilled steel pipe piles in underpinning and bridge foundations : licentiate thesis
The constitution of China : a contextual analysis
A constitution for the Socialist commonwealth of Great Britain
The English constitution
Do-it-yourself housebuilding : the complete handbook
The constitution of Japan : a contextual analysis
Constitutional reform in Scandinavia : the political conditions of constitutionalism
International governmental organizations : constitutional documents. 1, General and regional, political-economic-social, legal-defense
Geotechnical engineering : foundation design
Ten reflections on the Constitutional Treaty for Europe
Foundation design : theory and practice
Constitutions of nations. 4:2, The Americas
Constructing landscape : materials, techniques, structural components
The Austrian Federal Constitution : as revised in 1929 together with subsequent additions and amendments and other important constitutional provisions including the Constitutional Law on the Neutrality of Austria translated on behalf of the Austrian Federal Ministry for Foreign Affairs by Charles Kessler
Citizens should vote on secession
Residential construction problem solver
Shell foundations : geometry, analysis, design and construction
Konstitutionalsimus versus Legalismus? : Geltungsgrundlagen des Rechst im demokratischen Verfassungsstaat = Constitutionalsimus versus legalism? : the bases of legal validity in the democratic constitutional state
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
Constitutions and constitutionalism
The federalist
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
The failure of the EU's constitutional project
"Foundation Engineering focuses on the analysis and design of foundations using rational approaches to a large extent. Soil-Structure interaction approach using"-- Provided by publisher.
Principles of foundation engineering
Commentaries on the Constitution 1790-1860
Pientalojen perustaminen = Founding of small houses
Foundation design : principles and practices
Specifier's guide to steel piling
"Creative legal thinking" and the evolution of international refugee law
Underpinning project; owners' views on technology, economy and project management
Constitutional reform
ROMANIAN LEGISLATION. 5, LAW ON THE COAT OF ARMS OF ROMANIA AND THE SEAL OF THE ROMANIAN STATE : LEGE PRIVIND STEMA TARII SI SIGILIUL STATULUI
An economic interpretation of the Constitution of the United States
CONSTITUTION OF THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF ROMANIA
Sources and documents of United States Constitutions : second series. 1, National documents 1492-1800
Constitutions of the United States : national and state
Construction of foundations in Finland, compared to Belgium
Building construction : principles and practices
Sources and documents of United States Constitutions : second series. 3, National documents 1826-1900
Humidity control in outdoor-air-ventilated crawl spaces in cold climate by means of ventilation, ground covers and dehumidification
Reinforced concrete design
ROMANIAN LEGISLATION. 6, THE CONSTITUTIONAL COURT : CURTEA CONSTITUTIONALA
Outline of Austrian constitutional law
Constitutional law : an outline of the law and practice of the constitution, including central and local government and the constitutional relations of the British Commonwealth and Empire
The impact of the American Constitution in Sweden since 1787
Theory and practice of foundation engineering
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Underpinning project : owners' views on technology, economy and project management
A machine that would go of itself : the constitution in American culture
Constitutions of nations. 4:1, The Americas
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
The constitution of Finland
Nine lives? : the politics of constitutional reform in Japan
Master the fundamental concepts and applications of foundation analysis design with PRINCIPLES OF FOUNDATION ENGINEERING. This market leading text maintains a careful balance of current research and practical field applications, offers a wealth of worked out examples and figures that show you how to do the work you will be doing as a civil engineer, and helps you develop the judgment you'll need to properly apply theories and analysis to the evaluation of soils and foundation design.
Securing Peace : article 9 and security policy under Koizumi Junichiro and Abe Shinzo
Reporting in Tekla Structures
