http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9939 debarking
debarking barking bark peeling
An evaluation of microbial load, heavy metals and cyanide contents of water sources, effluents and peels from three cassava processing locations
Literature review of the latest development of wood debarking
Shelling characteristics of melon seeds
Color atlas of chemical peels
Physiology of the skin II : workbook & study guide
Chemical composition of components in spruce bark waters
Peels and chemical exfoliation
Physiology of the skin II : an expanded scientific guide for the skin care professional
On the seasoning and decay of aspen pulpwood prepared in summertime.
The aim of the present work was to find out the most suitable method for thermal diffusivity measurement of peeled off fruits and vegetables. Three methods reported in the literature, have been examined. One of them is finite difference method, which needs temperature-time measurements at three equidistant locations in the food flesh. Another method is the well-known Riedel correlation, which determines thermal diffusivity of food item from its water content. The third method is based on the empirical correlation of the present author and his co-workers and reported earlier. Peeled off fresh potato, cucumber, apple and orange samples were exposed to chilled air blast cooling, and temperature-time records were made at five equidistant locations starting from center and at equal distances of 1/5th the distance between the center and the outer surface. Collected data was used to estimate thermal diffusivity values by the first and the third methods. The second method was also used to calculate thermal diffusivity from measured water content of the produce. After thorough investigations, it was concluded that the third method was most reliable when temperature records at the center were used.
Concise manual of cosmetic dermatologic surgery
Analysis and management of wood room
Feasibility of wood peeling assisted by infrared heating
Skin care beyond the basics
Optimisation of wood losses in log debarking drum
Skin care practices and clinical protocols : a professional's guide to success in any environment
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Raw material balance for debarking and chipping of pine pulpwood from first thinnings at a Finnish pulp mill
Pathogenesis and treatment of acne and rosacea
Heartwood and lightwood formation in Scots pine : a physiological approach
Natural drying methods to promote fuel quality enhancement of small energywood stems
Chemical peels
An optimized method for thermal diffusivity measurement of peeled off fruits and vegetables
Physiology of the skin
Aesthetics exposed : mastering skin care in a medical setting and beyond
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 2, Groat breakage and storability
Directory of debarking machines = Répertoire de machines à écorcer
Ageless beauty : an insider's guide to advanced alternatives to plastic surgery
Eucalypt debarking at the stump with harvester head technology
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 1, Hullability and associated changes in nutritive value and energy content
Reducing of unwanted barking in single grip harvester cutting
Design manual on basic wood harvesting technology
