http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9930 Sami speakers
Sami speakers
The Babel guide to Scandinavian and Baltic fiction
Mus̆tottes uárree = The forgetful squirrel
Sámi education
Vad vet vi om den? = What do we know about it?
In an increasingly globalised world, indigenous societies like the Sámi are losing their connections with nature, their land despoiled by intrusive development, traditional livelihoods becoming part of the tourist industry. Inspired by his studies in northern India at the Tibetan Institute of Performing Arts, Niillas Holmberg explores the intriguing connections between Buddhist philosophy and the old natural philosophy of his Sámi forebears. Half the poems here were written on the move; the other half, written in his native land, describe various states of movement. The ambiguity of these states forms the basis of this collection. The Way Back is one of the few collections of poetry to have been translated into English from the Northern Sámi language, which is spoken by about 20,000 people in Finland, Norway and Sweden.
Sámi library service. Considerable interest abroad in Sámi culture: Sámi language literature - the number of titles is increasing
Saammâl já vuossâmuš sierâpeivi = Sammeli and the first toyday
Inger-Mari Aikio-Arianiaick [i.e. Aikio-Arianaick] : from Mauritius to Ivalo
Images in writing : a brief overview of tendencies in older and more recent Sami literature
Beyond the wolf line : an anthology of Sami poetry
The second periodic report of Finland on the application of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages
The Saami : a cultural encyclopaedia
Saammâl já juovlâlisto – Sammeli and the Christmas List
EFL and bilingual North Sámi speakers : a qualitative study of learner and teacher beliefs about bilingualism and third language acquisition
Like a ski-track across the open plains : the tenderness and strength of Sami literature
The way back : poems in Sámi
Homes in the heart and on the land : Nils-Aslak Valkeapää (Áillohaš), Beaivi, Áhčážan (The sun, my father), poem 558e
Women's voices : female authors and feminist criticism in the Finnish literary tradition
Utfred i en dunrede = Conflict in a nest (of down)
Revoicing sámi narratives : North Sámi storytelling at the turn of the 20th century
Words and silences
Sámi cultural and intercultural conjunctions
No beginning no end : the Sami speak up
Saammâl já kozzsäplig = Sammeli and the Lemming
Library service for the sámi population
Minority languages : the Scandinavian experience : papers read at the conference in Edinburgh 9-11 November 1990
Áillohaš the shaman-poet and his govadas-image drum : a literary ecology of Nils-Aslak Valkeapää
Conflict and compromise in multilingual societies. Vol. 3, Finland
Anders Fjellner : Härjedal Sami who became the Sun of son poet
Le fonds Lapponica des Fellman : catalogue raisonné = Fellmanin suvun Lapponica-kokoelma = The Lapponica Collection of the Fellman Family
Summary.
Saammâl já kuoškkärigâš = Sammeli and the Dipper
The illustration and the text in one hand : multi-talented Sámi authors
Voices from Sápmi : Sámi women's path to authoship
Máttaráhkká's granddaughters : the history of Sámi women writers
Song, poetry, and images in writing : Sami literature
Trekways of the wind
Le fonds Lapponica des Fellman : catalogue raisonné = Fellmanin suvun Lapponica-kokoelma = The Lapponica collection of the Fellman family
The language rights of the indigenous Saami in Finland : under domestic and international law
Saammâl já meeci kunâgâs = Sammeli and the King of the Forest
In the shadow of the midnight sun : contemporary Sami prose and poetry
