http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9943 greenhouses
greenhouses
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Ball redbook. Vol. 1, Greenhouses and equipment
Solar Photovoltaic
The modern greenhouse : a practical guide to the management of the warm and cool greenhouse
Overwintering container seedlings using underground heat
Gardening indoors : with soil & hydroponics
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Energy : the basics
Boreal forest and climate change
Diffusion GHG fluxes at tropical peatland drainage canal water surfaces
Horse dung contains considerable amounts of nitrogen which is partly lost during the storage period. Leaching of nitrogen from the dung can be prevented with constructions but also gaseous N-emissions occur. However, the emission rates are not reported in the literature. We measured in laboratory conditions nitrous oxide (N2O), nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous acid (HONO) emissions from fresh, one month old and one year old horse dung samples. NO and HONO emissions increased with the storage time of the dung. The mean emission rates of HONO and NO were from 36 to 280 ng N kg dw-1h-1 and from 15 to 3500 ng N kg dw-1h-1, respectively. N2O emissions were more variable showing also highest emissions (20.3 µg N kg dw-1 h-1) from the oldest samples. Thus, the longer storage of horse dung increases gaseous N losses which should be taken into account when planning the environmental friendly way to handle horse dung..
Heaths & heathers : The grower's encyclopedia
John Houghton's market-leading textbook is now in full colour and includes the latest IPCC findings, making it the definitive guide to climate change. Written for students across a wide range of disciplines, its simple, logical flow of ideas gives an invaluable grounding in the science and impacts of climate change and highlights the need for action on global warming. Is there evidence for climate changing due to human activities? How do we account for recent extremes of weather and climate? Can global electricity provision and transport ever be carbon free? Written by a leading figure at the forefront of action to confront humanity's most serious environmental problem, this undergraduate textbook comprehensively explores these and other issues, allowing students to think through the problem, assess the data and draw conclusions on the action that should be taken, by governments, by industry and by each and every one of us.
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse Systems : Quebec City, Canada, June 14-19, 2009.. Vol. 2, Greensys2009
Methods for increasing the birch seed crop in a plastic greenhouse
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Making REDD+ work for communities and forests : three shared lessons for project designers
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Proceedings of the nternational Symposium on advances in Environmental Control, Automation and Cultivated Systems for Sustainable, High-Quality Crop Production under Protected Cultivation : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Emissions of nitrous acid (HONO), nitric oxide (NO), and nitrous oxide (N2O) from horse dung
Greenhouse automation : simulated greenhouse
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Organic Greenhouse Horticulture : Avignon, France, October 28-31, 2013
Proceedings of the Fourth International ISHS Symposium on Artificial Lightning : Québec City, Canada November 7-9, 2000
This collection gathers a set of seminal papers from the emerging area of ethics and climate change. Topics covered include human rights, international justice, intergenerational ethics, individual responsibility, climate economics, and the ethics of geoengineering. Climate Ethics is intended to serve as a source book for general reference, and for university courses that include a focus on the human dimensions of climate change. It should be of broad interest to all those concerned with global justice, environmental science and policy, and the future of humanity.
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
The glasshouse
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Protected Cultivation 2002 : in search of structures, systems and plant materials for sustainable greenhouse production : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
Introduction to horticulture
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth, Environmental Control and Farm Management in Protected Cultivation : HORTIMODEL 2012 : Nanjing, China November 4-8, 2012
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Micropropagation of woody plants
The solar greenhouse book
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
The greenhouse gardener
Glass houses : a history of greenhouses,orangeries and conservatories
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Design and Environmental Control of Tropical and Subtropical Greenhouses : Taichung, Taiwan April 15-18, 2001
Proceedings of the 4th International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth and Control in Greenhouses : modelling for the 21st century - agronomic and greenhouse crop models : Beltsville, Maryland, USA, 25-29 March 2001
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse Cooling : Alemeria, Spain
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Trends and projections in Europe 2015 : tracking progress towards Europe's climate and energy targets
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Climate strategy study for Pori region
[Abstract].
Greenhouse operation and management
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Advanced Technologies and Management Towards Sustainable Greenhouse Ecosystems : GreenSys2011 : Athens, Greece, June 5-10, 2011
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Plant factory : an indoor vertical farming system for efficient quality food production
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouses, Environmental Controls and In-House Mechanization for Crop Production in the Tropics and Sub-tropics : Cameron Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia, June 15-17, 2004 : Controlled environment production system for sustainable agricultural production
Proceedings of the Ist International Conference on Organic Greenhouse Horticulture : Bleiswijk, The Netherlands October 11-14, 2010
International symposium on high technology in protected cultivation, Hamamatsu, Japan, May 12-15, 1988
Hydroponic basics
The greenhouse effect and Finnish agriculture
Assessing greenhouse gas emission from waste management in EU countries
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Greenhouse Canada
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Greenhouse Gas Assessment of Nokian Tyres
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Working environment in farm buildings : results of studies in livestock buildings and greenhouses
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
New encyclopedia of gardening techniques
Effect of net size on horizontal temperature gradients in naturally-ventilated tropical greenhouses
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse 2010 and Soilless Cultivation : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
The greenhouse environment : the effect of environmental factors on the growth and development of flower crops
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
Ball redbook. Volume 1, Greenhouses and equipment
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Greenhouse Environmental Control and Crop Production in Semi-Arid Regions : Tucson, Arizona, USA, October 20-24, 2008
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Conservatory and indoor plants : plants for warm gardens. Vol. 2
Low Carbon Life
Biological pest control : the glasshouse experience
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
2nd workshop on green house construction and design, Montpellier, France, 4-7 September 1989
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
Orangeries : palaces of glass : their history and development
A shelter in the garden : playhouses, treehouses, gazebos, sheds and other outdoor structures
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
The complete book of the greenhouse
Assessing the sustainability of liquid biofuels from evolving technologies : a Finnish approach
Greenhouse monitoring with Wireless Sensor Network
The practical encyclopedia of orchids : a complete guide to orchids and their cultivation
Greenhouse study : foundations for practical work on better greenhouses for self-builders and organic farmers in Nordic regions
Emissions into air by industry
Looking for Bear
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
Bærekraftig økologisk veksthusproduksjon for fremtiden = Sustainable ecological greenhouse production for the future
Greenhouses : advanced technology for protected horticulture
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Preparing emission reporting from forests : use of national forest inventories in European countries
Horticultural engineering technology : fixed equipment and buildings
Hydroponics : indoor horticulture
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
Computerized environmental control in greenhouses : a step by step approach
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Artificial Lighting in Horticulture : Lillehammer, Norway, June 21-24, 2005
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Russian pledge vs. business-as-usual : implementing energy efficiency policies can curb carbon emissions
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse System Management, Greensys 2007 : Naples, Italy, October 4-6, 2007.. Vol. 1&2
Greenhouse ecosystems
Practical hydroponics & greenhouses
International Symposium on Greenhouse Management for Better Yield and Quality in Mild Winter Climates : Antalya, Turkey 3-5 November, 1997
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Environment control for animals and plants
Sustainable market farming : intensive vegetable production on a few acres
The polytunnel handbook
The commercial greenhouse
Greenhouses : their construction and equipment
Climate ethics : essential readings
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Wireless systems in greenhouse
The new supergardener
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Factors controlling carbon gas fluxes in boreal lakes
International symposium on simple ventilation and heating methods for greenhouses in mild winter houses, Djerba-Tozeur-Tunisia, February 28-March 6, 1988
Design and implementation of a data collection system with Raspberry Pi for greenhouse monitoring
Yliopiston kasvitieteellinen puutarha, Graz, Itävalta = Greenhouses for the botanical gardens of Graz
Proceedings of the International Conference on Sustainable Greenhouse Systems : Leuven, Belgium, September 12-16, 2004
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Urine as a fertilizer for lettuce grown in greenhouse conditions
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
New test methods for evaluating the antifog effect of greenhouse films
Uncle Silas : genetis
Assessment of CO2 fluxes and effects of possible climate changes on forests in Estonia
The complete supergardener
Greenhouse climate control : an integrated approach
GrowerTalks on structures and equipment
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Glass houses : a history of greenhouses, orangeries and conservatories
Table-top Planet : the life with plants
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
Abstract: A greenhouse for northern latitude.
Optimal control of greenhouse cultivation
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Classic garden structures : 18 elegant projects to enhance your garden
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Conservatory and indoor plants : plants for warm gardens. Vol. 1
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Global warming : the complete briefing
Climate action
The new self-sufficient gardener
Diseases of greenhouse plants
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Lighting in greenhouses : a guide to the practical design of installations
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Methods to reduce CO2 emissions from offices and public events inFinland
Greenhouse and conservatory construction and heating : with numerous engravings and diagrams
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
The greenhouse : a complete guide to the construction and management of greenhouses of all kinds, from the cold house to the tropical house, and to the cultivation of greenhouse plants, including orchids, cacti and hot house species
Greenhouse gas fluxes from drained peat soils:a comparison of different land use types and hydrological site characteristics
Achieving cost efficiency with the 30% greenhouse gas emission reduction target of the EU
Fuel cycle emissions of natural gas production and distribution in Russia
Solar heating in cold regions : a technical guide to developing country applications
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
Archaea, Bacteria, and methane production along environmental gradients in fens and bogs
