http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9944 garden rooms
garden rooms
Hot plants for cool climates : gardening with tropical plants in temperate zones
Conservatory and indoor plants : plants for warm gardens. Vol. 2
Plants and well-being
Greenhouse ecosystems
Pots in the garden : expert design and planting techniques
Balconies & roof gardens : themed ideas for small scale gardening
Conservatory and indoor plants : plants for warm gardens. Vol. 1
Interior landscaping
Porches and sunrooms : your guide to planning and remodeling
The influence of a green environment and horticultural activities on the subjective well-being of the elderly living in long-term care
Ball pest & disease manual : disease, insect, and mite control on flower and foliage crops
Sadonkorjuu : tutkittua puutarhatuotantoa 2003-2005 = Harvest : horticultural research results 2003-2005
The practical encyclopedia of container gardening : indoors & outdoors
Living with the seasons : creating a natural home
Conservatory book
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
The conservatory gardener
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume 2, Indoor & outdoor woodwork
The indoor garden
Interior landscapes : an American portfolio of green environments
Indoor gardening : a new approach to displaying plants in the home
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume I
Glass houses : a history of greenhouses,orangeries and conservatories
Effects of elevated temperature and/or ozone on leaf structural characteristics and volatile organic compound emissions of northern deciduous tree and crop species
Period details : [a sourcebook for house restoration]
Glass houses : a history of greenhouses, orangeries and conservatories
Houseplants : plants to add style and glamour to your home
The commercial greenhouse
The book of the conservatory
Carbon sequestration in urban ecosystems
IDEAL HOME BOOK OF STYLISH INTERIORS
Feeling good with plants, extra large
Interior gardens : designing and constructing green spaces in private and public buildings
