http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p994 structures
structures
Guidelines for the Protection of Steel Piles : Corrosive Marine Environment
Boundary integral operators in linear and second-order nonlinear nano-optics
Design Handbook for a Stack Foundation
A taxonomy of office chairs : the evolution of the office chair, demonstrated through a catalogue of seminal models and an illustrated taxonomy of their components
Lightweight Sandwich Panel in Cold Stores and Refrigerated Warehouses
Outlines of structural geology
The stone skeleton : structural engineering of masonry architecture
The theory of elasticity 10
Eurocode 5 : design of timber structures : part 1-2 : general rules : structural fire design
Hydraulic actuating equipment for aircraft
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
Mechanical Vibrations: Theory and Application to Structural Dynamics, Third Edition is a comprehensively updated new edition of the popular textbook. It presents the theory of vibrations in the context of structural analysis and covers applications in mechanical and aerospace engineering. Key features include: A systematic approach to dynamic reduction and substructuring, based on duality between mechanical and admittance concepts An introduction to experimental modal analysis and identification methods An improved, more physical presentation of wave propagation phenomena.
Structural studies on viral receptor-binding proteins
Non-destructive investigation of standing structures
Lightness : the inevitable renaissance of minimum energy structures
Stress determination for fatigue analysis of welded components
Composite materials in maritime structures : Volume 2: practical considerations
Innovation in architecture
Nanofabrication handbook
Structural Engineering Handbook
Building surveys and reports
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Manufacturing and erection of telecommunication towers
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
The appearance of bridges and other highway structures
Principles of structures
Safety factors and reliability : friends or foes?
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
1001 ideas for stone work : the ultimate sourcebook
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
Eurokoodi 0 : rakenteiden suunnitteluperusteet = Eurocode 0 : basis of structural design
Technology and structural change : productivity in the Finnish manufacturing industries, 1925-2000
Eurocode 5 : design of timber structures : part 1-1 : general rules and rules for buildings
Building structures illustrated
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Model course 3.07 : hull and structural surveys
Dynamic stability of structures
Tax progression and efficiency wages : partial equilibrium analysis
Language, gesture and space
Structural Health Monitoring 2011 : condition-based maintenance and intelligent structures. Volume 2
Ground level : Practical advice for garden surfaces using stone, brick, decking and planting
Understanding Japanese society
Water in buildings : an architect's guide to moisture and mold
The steel construction of aeroplanes
"Bestselling reference by reknowned authors of architectural design. One-stop guide to structural design in practice, meant for every designer's desktop. Illustrated throughout with Ching's trademark drawing. Treatment of structural design as part of the entire building design process. Includes overview of the historicial development of architectural materials and structures"--
Giant vehicles
Design and analysis of some chip level parallel architectures
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
Residential open building
Beam structures : classical and advanced theories
Handbook of structural steel connection design and details
Continuity and change : institutions and transition in the Russian forest sector
Basics concrete construction
Benefits of atomic layer deposition in nanophotonic device fabrication
Stephen Biesty's incredible everything
Model course 3.07 : hull and structural surveys : volume 2 : part B.
Structural studies on members of the picornavirus superfamily
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
The case of X TAK X : typological and historical context
In this paper, we propose a new noncausal vector autoregressive (VAR) model for non-Gaussian time series. The assumption of non-Gaussianity is needed for reasons of identifiability. Assuming that the error distribution belongs to a fairly general class of elliptical distributions, we develop an asymptotic theory of maximum likelihood estimation and statistical inference. We argue that allowing for noncausality is of importance in empirical economic research, which currently uses only conventional causal VAR models. Indeed, if noncausality is incorrectly ignored, the use of a causal VAR model may yield suboptimal forecasts and misleading economic interpretations. This is emphasized in the paper by noting that noncausality is closely related to the notion of nonfundamentalness, under which structural economic shocks cannot be recovered from an estimated causal VAR model. As detecting nonfundamentalness is therefore of great importance, we propose a procedure for discriminating between causality and noncausality that can be seen as a test of nonfundamentalness. The methods are illustrated with applications to fiscal foresight and the term structure of interest rates.
Banking reform in Estonia
Structures in architecture : bridging the gap between art and science
The complete garden makeover book
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
Statics for dummies
The complete book of garden design, construction and planting
Metal aircraft construction : a review for aeronautical engineers of the modern international practice in metal construction of aircraft
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Reinhold data sheets : for architects, engineers, designers, draftsmen
Construction organization Design and Project Cost
High-frequency filtering for low-temperature thermal transport studies in nanostructures
Societas Europea – The new European Company : The one fits all Model, facilitating European Trade?
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structurel funds in Finland, Ireland, and Sweden
While many books are dedicated to individual aspects of nanofabrication, there is no single source that defines and explains the total vision of the field. Filling this gap, Nanofabrication Handbook presents a unique collection of new and the most important established approaches to nanofabrication. Contributors from leading research facilities and academic institutions around the world define subfields, offer practical instructions and examples, and pave the way for future research. Helping readers to select the proper fabricating technique for their experiments, the book provides a broad vision of the most critical problems and explains how to solve them. It includes basic definitions and introduces the main underlying concepts of nanofabrication. The book also discusses the major advantages and disadvantages of each approach and offers a wide variety of examples of cutting-edge applications. Each chapter focuses on a particular method or aspect of study. For every method, the contributors describe the underlying theoretical basis, resolution, patterns and substrates used, and applications. They show how applications at the nanoscale require a different process and understanding than those at the microscale. For each experiment, they elucidate key solutions to problems relating to materials, methods, and surface considerations. A complete resource for this rapidly emerging interdisciplinary field, this handbook provides practical information for planning the experiments of any project that employs nanofabrication techniques. It gives readers a foundation to enter the complex world of nanofabrication and inspires the scientific community at large to push the limits of nanometer resolution.
The patio specialist : the essential guide to designing, building, improving and maintaining patios, paths and steps
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
Morphological analysis of human cortical bone using high-resolution X-ray microtomography
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
EuroCADcrete : study book : version 4.0, 2005-December
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
Mechanical vibrations : theory and application to structural dynamics
Guastavino vaulting : the art of structural tile
Structures : or Why things don't fall down
Concentration and deconcentration of Finnish population by age groups in 1975-1995
Reliability and optimization of structural systems, V : proceedings of the IFIP WG7.5 Fifth Working Conference on Reliability and Optimization of Structural Systems, Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan, 24-26 March, 1993
Novel techniques and applications in generalised beam theory
Structural geology of folded rocks
On the stratigraphical and structural geology of the Kemi area, Northern Finland
SuperStructures : the world's greatest modern structures
Summary in Dutch.
Crack arrest : additional safety against catastrophic fracture : final report of the NKA Project MAT 550
Advocacy coalitions in EU regional policy in Finland : A study on Finnish policy actors ̀ objectives for the 2014-2020 structural fund programme period
"In and out" : segmentary gang politics in Los Angeles
Encyclopedia of Structural Health Monitoring. Five-volume set
Practical aircraft rigging
Dowelled Kerto-LVL truss : design instruction
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
Model course 3.07 : hull and structural surveys : volume 1 : parts A,C,D,E
Surface Production Operations: Facility Piping and Pipeline Systems, Volume III is a hands-on manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. For over twenty years this now classic series has taken the guesswork out of the design, selection, specification, installation, operation, testing, and trouble-shooting of surface production equipment. The third volume presents readers with a "hands-on" manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. Packed with charts, tables, and diagrams, this authoritative book provides practicing engineer and senior field personnel with a quick but rigorous exposition of piping and pipeline theory, fundamentals, and application. Included is expert advice for determining phase states and their impact on the operating conditions of facility piping and pipeline systems; determining pressure drop and wall thickness; and optimizing line size for gas, liquid, and two-phase lines. Also included are a guide to applying international design codes and standards, and guidance on how to select the appropriate ANSI/API pressure-temperature ratings for pipe flanges, valves, and fittings.
Building structures
Development of Russian Arctic Offshore : II International Conference : abstracts
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
3D microstructure modelling of coating layers including grain boundaries
European design guide for tensile surface structures
Ritual and symbolism in Northern Irish parading culture
Absolutely best cross-sections book ever
The anatomy of nelson's Ships
Proceedings of the International Workshop on the Evaluation of Eurocode 7
Light weight Prefabricated Roof Element for Long Spans
Airplane servicing manual
Fundamentals of structural analysis
Fatigue strength of welded structures
Static and cyclic load tests of composite ice-resisting wall
The syntax of adjectives : a comparative study
Computational methods for modelling and analysing biological networks
Fibre-reinforced polymer composites in construction
Composite materials in maritime structures : Volume 1: fundamentals aspects
Evaluating canopy spectral invariants derived from imaging spectroscopy data : a case study on southern boreal forests
Buckling of steel shells : European design recommendations
From protein structure to function with bioinformatics
Aviation handbook
Basis of design of structures : classification and reliability differentiation of structures
Preliminary population statistics
Thermal bridges in building construction: heat flows and surface temperatures : detailed calculations
Modern aircraft : basic principles, operation, application, construction, repair, maintenance
Fire engineering design of steel framed car-park buildings
Happilaitoksen runkovaihtoehtojen kustannusvertailu = Economic valuation of construction alternative for liquid gas station
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
"A new edition of Francis D.K. Ching's illustrated guide to structural design. Structures are an essential element of the building process, yet one of the most difficult concepts for architects to grasp. While structural engineers do the detailed consulting work for a project, architects should have enough knowledge of structural theory and analysis to design a building. Building Structures Illustrated takes a new approach to structural design, showing how structural systems of a building--such as an integrated assembly of elements with pattern, proportions, and scale--are related to the fundamental aspects of architectural design. The book features a one-stop guide to structural design in practice, a thorough treatment of structural design as part of the entire building process, and an overview of the historical development of architectural materials and structure. Illustrated throughout with Ching's signature line drawings, this new Second Edition is an ideal guide to structures for designers, builders, and students. Updated to include new information on building code compliance, additional learning resources, and a new glossary of terms. Offers thorough coverage of formal and spatial composition, program fit, coordination with other building systems, code compliance, and much more. Beautifully illustrated by the renowned Francis D.K. Ching. Building Structures Illustrated, Second Edition is the ideal resource for students and professionals who want to make informed decisions on architectural design"--
Degree of previous cutting in explaining the differences in diameter distributions between mature managed and natural Norway spruce forests
Rannila : facades and interior structures
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
The tectonics of structural systems : an architectural approach
Stephen Biesty's incredible explosions
Basics steel construction
How tax progression affects effort and employment
Building natural stone garden features
Featuring chairs from a number of well-known designers, 'A Taxonomy of Office Chairs' provides a visual overview of the entire evolution of the modern office chair.
Applications of the intensity technique to ship structures : sound absorption, radiation and transmission loss
Use of nanostructures as oxygen carriers in chemical looping combustion
Mechanics of materials
Spectral element method in structural dynamics
Comparing beryllium copper strings to steel strings on a carved kannel
Analysis and design of structural bonded joints
Mechanisms affecting the structure and properties of heat-treated and high-temperature dried Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
Structural Health Monitoring 2011 : condition-based maintenance and intelligent structures. Volume 1
Transverse shear in laminate analysis
Beyond the lawn : unique outdoor spaces for modern living
Applications of positron annihilation
Outdoor stonework : 16 easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden
Calculating of energy consumption of the sports hall
Building outdoor structures
Emergency vehicles
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
The aircraft handbook
Fatigue design of aluminum components and structures
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Sfs-käsikirja. 200, Eurokoodi : Eurocode 0. Rakenteiden suunnitteluperusteet ; Basis of structural design
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Adhesion science and engineering. 1, The mechanics of adhesion
Summary.
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
The programmable logic device handbook
Freeze-thaw durability of concrete
Building code requirements for structural concrete (ACI 318-08) and commentary : ACI 318-08
Dynamics of smart structures
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
The analysis of commercial vehicle structures
Static theory of thin-wallled space structures
Stability of structures : principles and applications
Active ageing : controlling the (ageing) bodies
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance: case of Pilke science centre
Inter-domain interactions in filamins
Laminated composite plates and shells : 3D modelling
Computational modelling of boron nitride nanostructures based on density-functional tight-binding
Advanced composites
Proceedings of the International Workshop on the Evaluation of Eurocode 7 : Trinity College, Dublin, 31 March and 1 April 2005
Studies of two-dimensional and three-dimensional phononic crystal structures
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
The garden designer
Structural analysis
Wood engineering and construction handbook
Manufacturing sandwich structures by means of superplastic forming
Constructional steel design : an international guide
Underground space design : a guide to subsurface utilization and design for people in underground spaces
Advanced structural mechanics : an introduction to continuum mechanics and structural mechanics
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Design and construction of concrete shell roofs
Structures : from theory to practice
Effect of microstructure on low temperature hydrogen-induced cracking behaviour of nickel-based alloy weld metals
Designers' handbook to Eurocode 4. Part 1.1, Design of composite steel and concrete structures
Precedence : social differentiation in the Austronesian world
Autodesk Robot Structural Analysis Professional -2014 : Ken Marsh
Parametric finite element study on the stress concentration factors of a gusset plate welded to an I-beam
Model-based structural damage identification using vibration measurements
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Crashworthiness of composite thin-walled structural components
Non-linear finite element analysis of solids and structures. Volume 1, Essentials
Cars
Mastering complexity : adding coherence throughout your business with dependency structure spreadsheets
Designers' guide to Eurocode 1 : actions on buildings : EN 1991-1-1 and -1-3 to -1-7
Complex predicates in nonderivational syntax
Design of steel structures (for students of B.E./B.Tech)
Surface production operations. Volume III, Facility piping and pipeline systems
Outdoor wood works : with complete plans for ten projects
Calculation of equilibrium paths in nonlinear structural analysis
Designers' handbook to Eurocode 1. Part 1, Basis of design
Modeling the mechanical behavior of carbon nanostructures
Russia: out of the post-soviet macroeconomic deadlock through a labyrinth of reforms
Vertically integrated enterprises and strategic trade policy
Transformation of Czechoslovakia's economy: results, prospects, open issues
Building surveys
Construction vibrations
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Deck & patio : idea book
Health monitoring of aerospace structures : smart sensor technologies and signal processing
Der Becker : shaped wood compendium
Optimum structural design : theory and applications
The Effects of Alpha-amylase, Ascorbic Acid and Low Pressure during Mixing on the Texture of Bread Crumb : Image Analysis and Measurements of Physical Texture
Humidity control in outdoor-air-ventilated crawl spaces in cold climate by means of ventilation, ground covers and dehumidification
Comparative methods of concrete portal frame design
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Reinforced concrete design
Marine Structures : Selected Topics, Examples and Problems : Volume 1 - Plate Bending
History of strength of materials : with a brief account of the history of theory of elasticity and theory of structures
Thermal bridge comparison : thermal benefits of CLT
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
Theatres and concert halls
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Building structures illustrated : patterns, systems, and design
Handbook of adhesion technology : volume 1 and 2
Understanding Structural Analysis
Plasticity for structural engineers
An A-Z of offshore oil & gas : an illustrated international glossary and reference guide to the offshore oil & gas industries and their technology
Seismic design in Europe and the Russian Federation : Steel and reinforced concrete buildings of moderate importance
Structural mechanics : a unified approach
Plant proteins in fermented milk products
Leicht weit = Light structures
Tensile architecture
Concepts of structure
Electronic technical notes on brick contruction
Plasticity for Structural Engineers is a practical work that provides engineers and students in structural engineering or structural mechanics with the background needed to make the transition from fundamental theory to computer implementation and engineering practice. It sets out initially to examine the stress-strain behaviors of materials under simple test conditions, goes on to show how these behaviors can be generalized under combined stresses, and finally outlines the finite element implementation of the generalized stress-strain relations for the solution of practical steel and concrete structural problems. Plasticity for Structural Engineers not only offers the reader an understanding of the fundamental principles and theory of plasticity in a form that does not require extensive mathematical experience, but also provides the reader with a compact and convenient summary of the modern development of concrete plasticity and limit analysis in structural engineering.
Finite elements and linear shell theory : studies on shell models and numerical locking phenomena
Horizontal Directional Drilling
Governing societies : political perspectives on domestic and international rule
Alternative Design for Steel Roof Truss
Structure and assembly of membrane-containing dsDNA bacteriophages
Foundations of structural geology
Offshore technology in civil engineering : hall of fame papers from the early years. Volume two
An exploration towards a production theory and its application to construction
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance : case of Pilke science centre
Brick and stone have been used in architecture for a centuries and are favoured by architects for their unique properties. In recent years, with the development of new technologies, the variety of brick and stone materials has been greatly extended. This superbly illustrated book discusses masonry in two sections addressing brick and stone respectively, and goes further into detailed classification. The projects are elaborately selected and analysed, each presented with photos, drawings and narratives. Also included is a summary of the current state and future of the application of brick and stone in architecture, providing readers with a new understanding of masonry in the 21st century.
Reporting in Tekla Structures
