http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9953 flies
flies
Phorbia phrenione (Seguy) (Diptera: Anthomyiidae) in Finland
Distribution and modulatory roles of neuropeptides and neurotransmitters in the Drosophila brain
Zonal distribution of flies on the hill Ailigas in subarctic northern Finland
Genetic basis of male courtship song traits in Drosophila virilis
New roles for apical secretion and extracellular matrix assembly in Drosophila epithelial morphogenesis
The anatomy & physiology of the blow-fly (Musca vomitoria Linn.) : a monograph
Summary: History and diversity of flies, with scientific updates.
Lexi the firefly fairy
Classification of Xylotini (Diptera, Syrphidae)
Diary of a fly
The effects of inbreeding on mating success and offspring production of males and females in a Drosophila littoralis population
The fly
Bolopus furcatus (Fallén, 1826) (Diptera, Platypezidae) rediscovered in Finland
The zonal distribution of blowflies (Dipt., Calliphoridae) an the arctic hill Ailigas in Finland
Blowflies (Dipt., Calliphoridae) on the refuse depot of the city of Kuopio in Central Finland
Larvae of Trypocalliphora lindneri Peus (dipt., Calliphoridae) as subcutaneous pathogens on nestlings of the Meadow Pipit and Common Redpoll in the Subarctic
The mating sites of the reindeer nose bot fly : not a practical target for control
On the genus Copromyza Fall. (Dipt., Sphaeroceridae) with special reference to the Finnish species
A phylogenetic study of the tribe Dryxini Zatwarnicki (Diptera:Ephydridae)
Mate choice and genetic variation in male courtship song in Drosophila montana
The flying activity of Phormia terrae-novae R.-D. (Dipt., Calliphoridae in late winter in northeastern Lappland
Humidity perception in Drosophila melanogaster
The effect of ectopic catalase expression in the mitochondria on cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster
Identification of the Finnish species of Paragus Latreille, 1804 subgenus Pandasyopthalmus Stuckenberg, 1954 (Diptera, Syrphidae)
On Finnish Tabanids (Diptera)
Chromosomes of Eristalinae and Microdontinae (Diptera: Syrphidae)
Observations on the diel periodicity of flight by Lonchaea laxa Collin (Dipt., lonchaeidae) in subarctic conditions
The evolution of Darwin's finches, mockingbirds and flies
New data on genus Callomyia of Finland (Diptera: Platypezidae)
Finnish files of the family Therevidae
Flies : the natural history and diversity of diptera
Sexual selection on nuptial feeding in a fruitfly Drosophila subobscura
A revision of the New World species of the shore-fly genus Nostima Coquillett (Diptera: Ephydridae)
Designing DNA-microarray probes for adaptation studies in Drosophila montana
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Voltage-gated K+ channels in Drosophila photoreceptors : biophysical study of neural coding
Fitness and viability of small populations : the effects of genetic drift, inbreeding, and interpopulation hybridization
Genetics of natural populations : the continuing importance of Theodosius Dobzhansky
Infrageneric classification and revision of the Oriental species of the genus Brachypalpoides Hippa (Diptera, Syrphidae) ; Recharacterization of Chalcosyrphus (Syrittoxylota) Hippa (Diptera, Syrphidae) and revision of the species ; Morphology and taxonomy of the Malagasy genus Vadonimyia Séguy (Diptera, Syrphidae)
Advances in genetics, development and evolution of Drosophila
Livestock entomology
Ectoparasites of Finnish bats and factors influencing parasite infestation levels
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
The effects of inbreeding, crossbreeding and stress on metabolic rate in Drosophila littoralis
Trixoscelis puberula (Zetterstedt), a Heleomyzid fly (Diptera)
Incompatibility of non-conspecific genetic elements in postzygotic isolation in the Drosophilia virilis phylad (Diptera, Drosophilidae)
Flies and disease. Vol. 1, Ecology, classification and biotic associations
Taxonomical notes and descriptions of the new Chelifera Macquart species (Diptera: Empididae)
Bugs in Close Up
Evolution of the male courtship sound in the species of the Drosophila virilis group
Buzz Boy and Fly Guy
Abstract: On 19-23 April 1973, specimens of Phormia terrae-novae were seen flying, and walking and sitting on the walls of buildings and on the trunks of trees in northeastern Lapland, in Värriötunturi fell terrain...
The flying activity of Phormia terrae-novae R.-D. (Dipt., Calliphoridae) in subarctic conditions
Coevolution of male signals and female preferences in Drosophila montana and D. virilis
Platycheirus modestus Ide, 1926 (Diptera, Syrphidae) new to the Palearctic region
Flies and disease. Vol. 2, Biology and disease transmission
Fruit flies (Tephritidae) : phylogeny and evolution of behavior
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera. Vol. 10, Sarcophagidae
The role of the circadian clock in adaptation in seasonally changing environment in Drosophila montana
Systems biological study of Drosophila immune signaling
A three-year survey of the duration of development of Cynomyia mortuorum (L.) (Dipt., Calliphoridae) in the conditions of a subarctic fell
The very lonely firefly
The analysis of serine proteases affecting the immune response in Drosophila melanogaster
A concept for capturing fruit flies in domestic homes
Genus Microsania (Platypezidae: Microsaninae) in Finland
Neural specific knockdown of cytochrome c oxidase and rescue of deleterious phenotypes with alternative oxidase in Drosophila melanogaster
Blowflies (Diptera: Calliphoridae) of Israel and adjacent areas, including a new species from Tunisia
Spatial characteristics of the visual field of flies
Three new species of Pherbellia Robineau-Desvoidy and new synonyms of Holarctic and Palaearctic Sciomyzidae (Diptera)
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
Rare flies recorded in Finland during the year 2002 (Diptera)
The Drosophila JNK signaling pathway regulates epithelial cell shape changes during the process of dorsal closure in embryogenesis. Due to mutations in the JNK signaling pathway, the elongation process in the lateral and leading edge cells is disrupted.  Severe morphological defects, including cleft thorax, on the thorax occur in the mutated adult flies. The purpose of this thesis was to study the effect of mitochondrial catalase (mtCAT) on cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster. The primary goal was to find out whether the effect of mtCAT can mimic the effect of AOX in terms of rescuing the cleft thorax phenotype. The research method was based on the crossing of flies that carries UAS promoter linked with the GAL4-pnrMD237 with the flies containing RNAi constructs against JNK signaling pathway genes. The results showed that mtCAT can mimic AOX effect on cleft thorax when some of the JNK pathway genes are silenced in the dorsal epithelium. A minor mtCAT rescue effect on the dorsal midline was found after hep knockdown and major rescue after jun knockdown. Similar rescue effect was not observed in kay and msn knockdown. Subsequent research is required to clarify the role of mtCAT in rescue.
Check-list of Finnish flies : families Xylophagidae-Microphoridae
Abstract: Two cases of parasitism on nestling birds by larvae of Trypocalliphora lindneri Peus are reported. The heaviest infestation occurred in the wings but other parts of the body were also infested...
The flat-footed flies (Diptera: Opetiidae and Platypezidae) of Europe
The p97 ATPase and the Drosophila Proteasome : protein unfolding and regulation
Effects of mutations on sexual selection in Drosophila montana
Genetic and phenotypic divergence in Drosophila virilis and D. montana
Drosophila eskoi sp. n.,: a new species of the Drosophila obscura group (Diptera, Drosophilidae)
Genetic basis of male courtship song traits in Drosophilia virilis
Courtship signals, their importance and inheritance in the species of the Drosophila virilis group
On Drosophila (Hirtodrosophila) lundstroemi Duda and D.(H) oldenbergi Duda (Dipt., Drosophilidae)
Novel experimental methods for insect neurophysiology
On the subgenus Opacifrons Duda of the genus Leptocera Olivier (Diptera, Sphaeroceridae) with a description of a new species from northern Fennoscandia
De novo RNA sequencing enables transcriptome studies in non-model species : gene expression patterns involved in Drosophila montana reproductive diapause
The making of a fly : the genetics of animal design
Contribution of X chromosomal and autosomal genes to species differences in male courtship songs of the Drosophila virilis group species
Female receptivity, song requirement and preferences in Drosophila virilis and D. montana
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Control of arthropods of medical and veterinary importance
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera. Vol. 7, Muscidae
The effects of the rolled locus on the development of the compound eye and the wing of Drosophila melanogaster
Drosophila ovivororum sp. n.,: a new species of the Drosophila virilis group (Diptera, Drosophilidae)
Experiments on selection for developmental rate in Drosophila melanogaster
The biology of Drosophila
Bottlenecks and blowflies : speciation, reproduction and morphological variation in Lucilia
Seasonal variation in the life histories of a viviparous ectoparasite, the deer ked
Area-wide control of fruit flies and other insect pests : joint proceedings of the International Conference on Area-Wide Control of Insect Pests, May 28-June 2, 1998, and the Fifth International Symposium on Fruit Flies of Economic Importance, June 1-5, 1998, Penang, Malaysia
The treatment of seeds of swede, turnip, and turnip rape in the control of flea beetles (Phyllotreta spp.) and cabbage root flies (Hylemyia brassicae bouché and H. floralis fall.)
A new Drosophila species from northern Fennoscandia (Diptera)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera (Asilidae). part 1
Studies on Drosophilidae by a Finnish team
Trypocalliphora lindneri Peus (Dipt., Calliphoridae) as a subcutaneous parasite of the Wheatear in northern Finland
a Contribution of X chromosomal and autosomal genes to species differences in male courtship songs of the Drosophila virilis group species
The Podoptera effect in Drosophila melanogaster
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
Super Fly Guy
Biological and ecological investigations on flies associated with pasturing cattle and their excrement
Therevidae (Insecta: Diptera)
Monograph on the spittlebug flies, genus Cladochaeta (Diptera: Drosophilidae: Cladochaetini
