http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9959 coloured people
coloured people
Opportunities for black people in higher education : proceedings of the Education for Transformation Conference, 1996
Lost communities, living memories : remembering forced removals in Cape Town
South Africa's alternative press : voices of protest and resistance, 1880s-1960s
Messages for educational leadership : the Constance E. Clayton lectures, 1998-2007
Black history : a reappraisal
In Jackson, Mississippi, in 1962, there are lines that are not crossed. With the civil rights movement exploding all around them, three women start a movement of their own, forever changing a town and the way women--black and white, mothers and daughters--view one another.
The other Barack : the bold an drackless life of president Obama's father
The politics of language : feminist theory and contemporary works by women of color
Colored people : a memoir
HARLEM RENAISSANCE : ART OF BLACK AMERICA
The Negro revolution in America : what Negroes want, why and how they are fighting, whom they support, what whites think of them and their demands
The multicultural imagination : "race", color, and the unconscious
"We return fighting" : the civil rights movement in the jazz age
Negro playwrights in the American theatre 1925-1959
Freedom and equality : addresses
This volume launches the first sustained discussion of the need for a queer of color conceptual framework around Black, lesbian female identity. Specifically, this volume addresses the necessity for a more integrated framework within queer studies, in which the variables of race/ethnicity are taken into consideration. This book is unique in that it highlights a triple-jeopardy minority group that has been historically marginalized and concludes with the proposal of a much-needed framework for researchers to begin to create a baseline of knowledge/research under the umbrella of the Black Queer Identity Matrix.
This bridge called my back : writings by radical women of color
Other sisterhoods : literary theory and U.S. women of color
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Black and Asian theatre in Britain : a history
Black women in America
The painted photograph 1839 - 1914 : origins, techniques, aspirations / Heinz K. Henisch and Bridget A. Henisch
Special populations in gifted education : working with diverse gifted learners
Black, white or mixed race? : race and racism in the lives of young people of mixed parentage
Educating teachers for diversity : seeing with a cultural eye
There are no slaves in France : the political culture of race and slavery in the Ancien Régime
The rise of the colored races
Making face, making soul : creative and critical perspectives by feminists of colour = Haciendo caras
A bold collection of creative pieces and theoretical essays by women of color. New thought and new dialogue: a book that will teach in the most multiple sense of that word: a book that will be of lasting value to many diverse communities of women as well as to students from those communities. The authors explore a full spectrum of present concerns in over seventy pieces that vary from writing by new talents to published pieces by Audre Lorde, Joy Harjo, Norma Alarcón and Trinh T. Minh-ha.
The ivory grin
The boy who harnessed the wind : a memoir
Dreams from my father : a story of race and inheritance
Shades of difference : mythologies of skin color in early modern England
Social work practice & people of color : a process-stage approach
Islam in American prisons : black Muslims' challenge to American penology
Precious : a true story
Colour and culture in South Africa : a study of the status of the Cape coloured people within the social structure of the Union of South Africa
A mall for all? : race and public space in post-apartheid Cape Town
Envisioning American women : the roads to communal identity in novels by women of color
Foreigners : [three English lives]
Social work practice and people of color : a process-stage approach
Black men : obsolete, single, dangerous? Afrikan American families in transition: essays in discovery, solution and hope
The American Negro reference book
Arctic chill
Black art and culture in the 20th century / Richard J. Powell
Black women's writing
Because of race : how Americans debate harm and opportunity in our schools
Women of color : mother-daughter relationships in 20th-century literature
White lies : race and the myths of whiteness
Fabulous yet fierce, imperious yet impetuous, boss yet bitchy—divas are figures of paradox. Their place in culture is equally contradictory, as they are simultaneously venerated and marginalized, hailed as timeless but then frequently forgotten or exhumed as cult icons by future generations. Focusing on four early twentieth-century divas - Aida Overton Walker, Loie Fuller, Libby Holman, and Josephine Baker - who were icons in their own time, Moving Performances considers what their past and current reception reveals about changing ideas of race and gender. Jeanne Scheper examines how iconicity can actually work to the diva's detriment, reducing her to a fetish object, a grotesque, or a figure of nostalgia. Yet she also locates more productive modes of reception that reach to revive the diva's moving performances, imbuing her with an affective afterlife. As it offers innovative theorizations of performance, reception, and affect, Moving Performances also introduces readers to four remarkable women who worked as both cultural producers and critics, deftly subverting the tropes of exoticism, orientalism, and primitivism commonly used to dismiss women of color. Rejecting iconic depictions of these divas as frozen in a past moment, Scheper vividly demonstrates how their performances continue to inspire ongoing movements.
From plantation to ghetto : an interpretive history of American negroes
Irmina
Ghost heart
Creoles of color in the Bayou country
Mythmaking and metaphor in black women's fiction
Representing black Britain : a history of black and Asian images on British television
Arctic Chill
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Fire & desire : mixed-race movies in the silent era
South Africa : a world challenged
Moving performances : divas, iconicity, and remembering the modern stage
A white side of black Britain : interracial intimacy and racial literacy
The rights of indigenous peoples and Maroons in Suriname
Black American women's writing : a quilt of many colours
The human stain
Losing ground : American social policy, 1950-1980
The feast of all saints
The help
The meaning of whitemen : race and modernity in the Orokaiva cultural world
Small island
Gangs, politics & dignity in Cape Town
Black queer identity matrix : towards an integrated queer of color framework
From the forewords by Cherríe Moraga, Gloria Anzaldua through the poems, essays, and pieces Toni Cade Bambara calls "cables, esoesses, conjurations and fusile missles, this is a work of bringing-togetherness that gives the reader a clear-eyed view of life in the United States. From "I Paid Very Hard for My Immigrant Ignorance" by Mirtha Quintanales to "who told you anybody wants to hear from you? you ain't nothing but a black woman!" by hattie gossett to "I Don't Understand Those Who Have Turned Away From Me" by Chrystos, This Bridge Called My Back is a showing-and-telling, a volume of reflections of stunning color: raging, gentle, powerful. First published in 1983 and winner of the 1986 Before Columbus Foundation American Book Award, this collection was an important addition to the steadily growing voice of the world's silenced people, especially women of color. This Bridge Called My Back is a gift of wisdom, of strength, of womanhood. As Gloria Anzaldua puts it in her foreword: "Haven't we always borne jugs of water, children, poverty? Why not learn to bear baskets of hope, love, self-nourishment and to step lightly?"
A history of the african american people
Black capitalism : strategy for business in the ghetto
Trouble downtown : the local context of twentieth-century America
Race and radicalism : the NAACP and the Communist Party in conflict
Troubling intersections of race and sexuality : queer students of color and anti-oppressive education
Contemporary Black and Asian women playwrights in Britain
The elusive dream : the power of race in interracial churches
Bone Black : memories of girlhood
