http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9976 refugee policy
refugee policy
The recognition of the refugee status of the child
Migration and refugee policy on the eastern border of the European Union
Fridtjof Nansen and the unmixing of Greeks and Turks in 1924
Summary of the 'Handbook on resettlement : a guide to good practice'
Between compassion and realpolitik : in search of a general model of the responses of recipient countries to large-scale refugee flows with reference to the South-East Asian refugee crisis
Gender and refugee status
In search of a negotiated Cyprus settlement
Integrated Europe - a fortress or a safe haven? : a study in the refugee and asylum policy of the European Communities prior to the implementation of the single market and an analysis of the probable changes thereafter
The exodus of refugees from Nazi Germany in the 1930s has received far more attention from historians, social scientists, and demographers than many other migrations and persecutions in Europe.
The United States Refugee Admissions Program : reforms for a new era of refugee resettlement
Cast away : stories of survival from Europe's refugee crisis
Issues in world politics
The politics of migration & immigration in Europe
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
Problems of the adaptation process in the chilean refugees
Evaluating the effectiveness of international refugee law : The protection of Iraqi refugees
Current international refugee law and issues
The refuge and the fortress : Britain and the flight from tyranny
Refugees : perspectives on the experience of forced migration
Migration, ethics & power : spaces of hospitality in international politics
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
This study deals with a constitutional principle of the EU: the rule of law. The EU Treaties leave no doubt that the rule of law is a 'universal value' on which the 'Union is founded'. This value is not bound to remain internal; EU external relations should also be guided by the principle. However, a lack of conceptual and legal clarity on the principle makes it uncertain how it guides external relations. The basic question this study poses is therefore what the role of the rule of law is in EU external relations. More specifically, this study analyses this role by focussing on the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy. Over the years the EU has developed this external dimension of an originally internal policy field. Measures such as externalising border control, readmission of migrants to third states or mobility opportunities for third country nationals have been promoted. This relatively new area of EU external relations is characterised by a high degree of operational and human rights sensitive activities. For example, Frontex, the EU border agency, operates beyond Europe`s borders, sometimes on the basis of undisclosed working arrangements with third States.
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
The state of the world's refugees 1995 : in search of solutions
Refugees from Nazi Germany and the liberal European states
Challenges of working in a cross-cultural environment : principles and practice of refugee settlement in Finland
Education and immigration : settlement policies and current challenges
Immigration and European integration : towards fortress Europe?
Migration issues relevant to the Baltic Sea area : views from a Nordic Council/Baltic Assembly seminar, Hanaholmen-Esbo, 15-16 January, 1996 : report
Transnational legal problems of refugees
Migration, refugee policy, and state building in postcommunist Europe
Managing the undesirables : refugee camps and humanitarian government
The EU : an obituary
Arguing about asylum : the complexity of refugee debates in Europe
The uninvited : refugees at the rich man's gate
Welcome to Finland : asylum seekers, slowness and the police : an interview with Mervi Rantanen
On immigration and refugees
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
Handbook on procedures and criteria for determining refugee status : under the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the status of refugees
The longest journey : resettling refugees from Africa
Seeking asylum : human smuggling and bureaucracy at the border
Refugees in a chess game : reflections on Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland refugee policies
A moment to choose : risking to be with uprooted people : Statement on uprooted people
Refugee women : hoping for a better future
Arab-Israeli relations and Israel refugee policy : transcript of a debate between Mr. Yaacov Herzog and Prof. Arnold Toynbee, held in Hillel House, Stanley Street, Montreal, P.Q., on Tuesday, January 31, 1961.
Post-Holocaust politics : Britain, the United States & Jewish refugees, 1945-1948
The asylum acquis handbook : the foundation for a common European asylum policy
NGOs and refugees : reflections at the turn of the century
Refugees in the Cold War : toward a new international refugee regime in the early postwar era
Under pressure? : societal factors affecting the future socio-economic positions of immigrants in Finland : young, Islamic refugees as a case in point
Europe - a new immigration continent : policies and politics in comparative perspective
Refugees from Vietnam
Against the double blackmail : refugees, terror and other troubles with the neighbours
U.S. immigration policy from 1965 to present
States against migrants : deportation in Germany and the United States
Asylum migration to the European Union : patterns of origin and destination
The stresses of war, organised violence and exile : a prospective community cohort study of the mental hearth of Vietnamese refugees in Norway
The refugee concept in group situations
"In July 1999, Canadian authorities intercepted four boats off the coast of British Columbia carrying nearly six hundred Chinese citizens who were being smuggled into Canada. Government officials held the migrants on a Canadian naval base, which it designated a port of entry. As one official later recounted to the author, the Chinese migrants entered a legal limbo, treated as though they were walking through a long tunnel of bureaucracy to reach Canadian soil." "The "long tunnel thesis" is the basis of Alison Mountz's wide-ranging investigation into the power of states to change the relationship between geography and law as they negotiate border crossings. Mountz draws from many sources to argue that refugee-receiving states capitalize on crises generated by high-profile human smuggling events to implement restrictive measures designed to regulate migration. Whether states view themselves as powerful actors who can successfully exclude outsiders or as vulnerable actors in need of stronger policies to repel potential threats, they end up subverting access to human rights, altering laws, and extending power beyond their own borders." "Using examples from Canada, Australia, and the United States, Mountz demonstrates the centrality of space and place in efforts to control the fate of unwanted migrants."--BOOK JACKET.
Vulnerable bodies : gender, the UN and the global refugee crisis
Beyond borders : West European migration policy towards the 21st century
United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
The world refugee problem
The Aid Rush traces the foreign aid regimes of Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands, and Germany through the various aid 'fashions' of the Cold War period from the 1950s to the 1990s. The case studies, based on public and private historical archives, illustrate issues of aid governance in the recipient countries of Africa, India, and the Middle East. The contributions - by political scientists, historians, and economists - address the systemic problems of aid, such as donor-recipient cooperation and bureaucracy, self-sustainability, and entrepreneurship. The two closely interlinked volumes shed light on the question of why inefficiencies in administering aid continue to persist. Volume I is divided into two parts. The first section deals with the aid policies of the Northern European states in an international perspective, while the second section investigates issues of national priorities and individual actors in greater detail.
The securitization of humanitarian migration : digging moats and sinking boats
From words to action
The United Nations at work
Eesti-inglise-soome-vene pagulassõnastik = Estonian-English-Finnish-Russian dictionary of refugee terminology = Viro-englanti-suomi-venäjä pakolaisasioiden sanasto = Bežency kratkij èstonsko-anglo-finsko-russkij slovar'
African refugees : development aid and repatriation
Humanity at sea : maritime migration and the foundations of international law
Immigrants in Finland : there is no such thing as a promised land : interview with Antti Seppälä, Ombudsman for Foreigners
Gendering the international asylum and refugee debate
Beyond Europe : the globalization of Refugee Aid
Liberia - the eye of the storm : a review of the literature on internally displaced, refugees and returnees
Geography and refugees : patterns and processes of change
A moment to choose : risking to be with uprooted people : a resource book
Threat construction inside bureaucracy : a Bourdieusian study of the European Commission and the framing of irregular immigration 1974-2009
The ethics of refugee policy
Uusia suomalaisia = The new Finns
The UN's role in nation-building : from the Congo to Iraq
Refugee rights and realities : evolving international concepts and regimes
Conditions for the return of displaced persons from the European Union : final report
Refugees and the international system : the evolution of solutions after the Second World War
Economic and Social Council : substantive session of 1996. Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for refugees
What is a refugee?
Refugees : asylum in Europe?
Beyond charity : international cooperation and the global refugee crisis
The refugee in the post-war world
Refugee politics in the Middle East and North Africa : human rights, safety, and identity
Controlling a new migration world
Human rights and forced displacement
International legal standards for the protection from refoulement : a legal analysis of the prohibitions on refoulement contained in the refugee convention, the European convention on human rights, the international covenant on civil and political rights and the convention against torture
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
The state of the world's refugees 1997-98 : a humanitarian agenda
New regionalism and asylum seekers : challenges ahead
Unbreakable Logjam : Survey on Impediments for Return of Serb Refugees to Croatia
Migration and refugee policies : an overview
The aid rush : aid regimes in Northern Europe during the Cold War / Vol. 1
Recognition and recognitive attitudes between refugees and authorities : a Finnish example
Refugees and the ethics of forced displacement
Palestinian refugee repatriation : global perspectives
Refugees and the environment : an analysis and evaluation of the UNHCR's policies in 1992-2002
Negotiating Europe's immigration frontiers
The securatisation of migration : towards an understanding of migration policy changes in the 1990s : the case of Sweden
"With the recent arrival in Europe of over a million refugees and asylum-seekers, a sense of panic has spread across the continent and beyond. William Maley's illuminating introduction offers a guide to the complex idea of "the refugee" and sets the current crisis within the wider history of human exile, injecting much-needed objectivity and nuance into the debate. Arguing that Western states are now reaping the consequences of policies aimed at blocking safe and "legal" access to asylum, 'What is a refugee?' shows why many proposed solutions to the refugee "problem" will exacerbate tension and risk fueling the growth of extremism among people who have been denied all hope. This lucid book also tells of the families and individuals who have sought refuge, highlighting the suffering, separation and dislocation on their perilous journeys to safety. Only through such stories can we properly begin to understand what it is to be a refugee."--
Refugees and world politics
Quality of service provision for refugees : a case study of Oru refugee camp, Nigeria
Policing across national boundaries
The HIV/AIDS Pandemic and the New Security Agenda : A Theoretical Discussion and a Case Study of the 1994 US Intervention in Haiti
Nordic trends in asylym seeking and refugee admission
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
Reception of refugees in Finland
Asylum and migration policies in the European Union
Working with unaccompanied asylum seeking children : issues for policy and practice
Asylum in Europe. Vol. 1, An introduction
Children on the move : how to implement their right to family life
Government report on Implementation of the Integration Act
The aid rush : aid regimes in Northern Europe during the Cold War / Vol. 2
Substance and symbolism : an anatomy of cooperation in the new Europe
The state of the world's refugees 1993 : the challenge of protection
Freedom, security, and justice in the European Union : implementation of the Hague Programme
The cultural basis of Afghan nationalism
Report ... of the Advisory Board for Refugee and Migration Affairs. 1, Principles of Finnish refugee and migration policy
The state of the world's refugees 2006 : human displacement in the new millennium
Against the grain
Problems of protection : the UNHCR, refugees, and human rights
European refugees: 1939-52 : a study in forced population movement
Resettling the Arab refuges
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
The rule of law in the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy : organisational dynamics between legitimation and constraint
Refugee protection : a European challenge
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
The price of indifference : refugees and humanitarian action in the new century
Reforming the global refugee regime : an application and test of a regime theory
Ahsan Ullah provides an insightful analysis of migration and displacement in the Middle East and North Africa. He examines the intricate relationship of these phenomena with human rights, safety concerns and issues of identity crisis and identity formation.
Asylum procedure in Finland
Prolonged exile in relative isolation : long-term consequences of contrasting refugee policies in Tanzania
Refugees and a local community : a study of aborted establishment of an asylum seeker center in Jämsä in 2010
Rethinking refugee law
The authors trace the foreign regimes of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Netherlands and Norway from the 1950s to the 1990s. The articles are based on public and private historical archives and deal with donor policies as well as the recipients in Africa, India and the Middle East. The 16 contributors are all historians and social scientists. The two volumes are closely interlinked. The first volume is divided into two parts. The first part deals with the aid policies of the Northern European states in an international perspective; while the second investigates issues of national priorities and individual actors in greater detail. The second volume consists of individual case studies organised in two parts; 'The 'Developmental State' Revisited' and 'Donor meets Recipient. Different Agendas', a closer look at the interaction of the two parties in the aid relationship'.
Summary (s. xv-xxxvvv).
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Exploring the challenges and possibilities of working with asylum seeking children and young people, this title examines research evidence in relation to different aspects of helping young people resettle, and how this can be used to develop and sustain good standards of practice.
Inclusions and exclusions : some observations about the Finnish immigration policy in the 1990s
Expulsion in Europe : the member states' sovereignty and the individuals' rights
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Creating an active policy on immigration and refugees
Russian refugees in France and the United States between the World Wars
Tibetans in exile, 1959-1969 ; a report on ten years of rehabilitation in India
Exclusion and inclusion of refugees in contemporary Europe
Germany for the Germans? : the political effects of international migration
The Europeanisation of refugee policies : between human rights and internal security
Classifications, persons and policies : refugees and Swedish welfare bureaucracy
United Nations in the contemporary world
Haven or hell : asylum policies and refugees in Europe
Refugee policies of the nordic countries : a comparative study
Refugees and adult education in Sweden
No entry : immigration policy in Europe
Who is a refugee? : a comparative case law study
Pre-feasibility study on the possible establishment of a European Migration Observatory
Beyond integration : challenges of belonging in diaspora and exile
The challenge of forced migration in Southern Africa
A study of statelessness
A group of Lovara Gypsies settle down in Sweden : an analysis of their acculturation
