http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9971 credibility
credibility
Russian authorities give two official figures for imports of goods to Russia.Russian Customs registers values stated in customs declarations, while the Central Bank of Russia adds in its estimate of grey imports to obtain an overall import figure.Using mirror statistics of Russia's main trading partners, we suggest that grey imports are in fact higher than the CBR estimate.Hence, official statements of trade and current account surpluses should be reduced to better reflect Russia's actual external balance.This would also imply less capital outflow from Russia than suggested by current estimates.  Keywords: Russia, foreign trade, imports, grey schemes, external balance .
The aim of this article is to establish the level of independence that each of the Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian central banks enjoy according to law and in practice.The rationale behind this is the well-known both empirically and theoretically verified relationship between central bank independence (CBI) and inflation rate arising from the increased monetary policy credibility that is possible to obtain by strengthening the position of the central bank (CB).In this paper two different indices of central bank independence are used to measure the level of legal CBI of the Baltic central banks, namely Grilli - Masciandro - Tabellini (1991) and Cukierman (1992).Ex-post turnover rates of central bank governors are then calculated as an indicator of actual CBI or more precisely the lack of it. The main findings of the study are firstly the results of the indexation process.It is safe to say that the Baltic central banks have been endowned with highly independent legal positions. Furthermore, there are no truly significant variations between the three countries in this respect.Secondly, a quite different picture arises when actual CBI is studied.The calculated turnover rate of the Lithuanian CB governors is far higher than the comparabale figure for Estonia and especially Latvia.Even though the time frame used in this study is rather short for obvious reasons the Lithuanian rate has to be taken as a sign of non- satisfactory level of autonomy of the CB.Apart from measuring the level of CBI this paper concentrates on the credibility of monetary and exchange rate policies pursued in the Baltic countries in recent years.It is argued that the reasons for the lower than desired credibility of the Lithuanian monetary system compared to Latvia or Estonia are the low level of actual CBI and the political nature and instability of monetary decision making in the country. Keywords: Baltic countries, central bank independence, policy credibility .
"How do we know if a treatment works, or if something causes cancer? Can the claims of homeopaths ever be as true ? or as interesting as the improbable research into the placebo effect? Who created the MMR hoax? Do journalists understand science? Why do we seek scientific explanations for social, personal and political problems? Are alternative therapists and the pharmaceutical companies really so different, or do they just use the same old tricks to sell different types of pill? We are obsessed with our health. And yet ? from the media?s ?world-expert microbiologist? with a mail-order PhD in his garden shed laboratory, via multiple health scares and miracle cures, to the million pound trial that Durham Council now denies ever existed ? we are constantly bombarded with inaccurate, contradictory and sometimes even misleading information. Until now. Ben Goldacre masterfully dismantles the dodgy science behind some of the great drug trials, court cases and missed opportunities of our time, but he also goes further: out of the bulls---, he shows us the fascinating story of how we know what we know, and gives us the tools to uncover bad science for ourselves." - product description.
Case scenarios in hospitality supervision
Legitimated elements and legitimating behaviors as determinants of organizational emergence
Bad science
The changing faces of journalism : tabloidization, technology and truthiness
"I was an awful liar alright." : unreliable narrators and multiple realities in Janet Frame's short stories
Credibility versus shock-adjustment in structuring public debt
The new rules of green marketing : strategies, tools and inspiration for sustainable branding
Trust and credibility : a conceptual analysis with a special focus on Finnish business environment
Environmental rhetoric in Finnish business : environmental values and stakeholder relations in the corporate argumentation of acceptable environmental management
Photography and its violations
High impact speeches : how to create and deliver words that move minds
Encounters with unjust authority
The historical reliability of the Gospels
Promising democracy : parties, citizens and election promises
It is probably true to say that television, as a mass medium, prides itself on its accuracy, balance and objectivity in providing news. Indeed, by law, broadcasters in Britain are required to ensure that factual coverage of political parties and topics, matters of industrial conflict and social policy is duly impartial and accurate. However accusations of bias are not infrequent, and are generally characterised by aggrieved parties claiming to have been treated unfairly, misrepresented or under-represented. Some of the most severe critics of television have been politicians. Measuring Bias on Television explores the important issue of impartiality in news reporting, with special reference to news broadcasting on television. Barrie Gunter examines the position of impartiality or bias conceptually within the context of news objectivity, which itself represents a central aspect of performance and quality in television and other forms of news provision. Measuring Bias on Television will be of particular interest to journalism and media undergraduates, media policy makers and practitioners.
An integrated approach to communication theory and research
While exposing quack doctors and nutritionists, bogus credentialing programs, and biased scientific studies, the author takes the media to task for its willingness to throw facts and proof out the window in its quest to sell more copies. He also teaches you how to evaluate placebo effects, double-blind studies, and sample size, so that you can recognize bad science when you see it.
Studies on credible financial reporting
Influence : science and practice
Central bank independence in the Baltic countries
The role of emotions in judgments of crime victims
The European Union as an international actor : strengths of the European civilian power
The theory of credibility : confusions, limitations, and dangers
China for businesswomen : a strategic guide to travel, negotiating, and cultural differences
Harvard business review on communicating effectively
Ethics & journalism
Political hypocrisy : the mask of power, from Hobbes to Orwell and beyond
Eco-standards, product labelling and green consumerism
Deception in the marketplace : the psychology of deceptive persuasion and consumer self-protection
Stories at trial
Explorations in the psychology of testimony
Abstract (s. 5-6): Classical utility value analysis : tool for ecoproductization in SMEs.
Consumer benefits of labels and bans on genetically modified food : an empirical analysis using choice experiments
Disaffected democracies : what's troubling the trilateral countries?
Measuring bias on television
Made to stick : why some ideas survive and others die
Branding yourself : how to look, sound and behave your way to success
Qualitative research practice
The word of a woman? : police, rape and belief
Credibility : how leaders gain it and lose it, why people demand it
Trust development in international joint ventures : a case study of Finnish-Indian joint venture
How to get your ideas adopted (and change the world)
Argumentation and critical decision making
In this paper, we propose a new noncausal vector autoregressive (VAR) model for non-Gaussian time series. The assumption of non-Gaussianity is needed for reasons of identifiability. Assuming that the error distribution belongs to a fairly general class of elliptical distributions, we develop an asymptotic theory of maximum likelihood estimation and statistical inference. We argue that allowing for noncausality is of importance in empirical economic research, which currently uses only conventional causal VAR models. Indeed, if noncausality is incorrectly ignored, the use of a causal VAR model may yield suboptimal forecasts and misleading economic interpretations. This is emphasized in the paper by noting that noncausality is closely related to the notion of nonfundamentalness, under which structural economic shocks cannot be recovered from an estimated causal VAR model. As detecting nonfundamentalness is therefore of great importance, we propose a procedure for discriminating between causality and noncausality that can be seen as a test of nonfundamentalness. The methods are illustrated with applications to fiscal foresight and the term structure of interest rates.
Offensive cyber capabilities are needed because of deterrence
True enough : learning to live in a post-fact society
Simulating the effects of imperfect credibility : how does the peso problem affect the real economy?
Digital media, youth, and credibility
Credibility : how leaders gain and lose it, why people demand it
The primacy effect : the ultimate guide to effective personal communications
Assessing the role of feedback information to consumers in cause-related marketing
The truth about leadership : the no-fads, heart-of-the-matter facts you need to know
The personal and the political : how personal welfare state experiences affect political trust and ideology
Credibility, inflation and incentive distortions in the welfare state
Persuasion in society
Persuasive technology : using computers to change what we think and do
