http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9974 military psychology
military psychology
A leader's guide to psychological support across the deployment cycle
Abstract.
Warrior's dishonour : barbarity, morality and torture in modern warfare
Preparing to experience the unexpected : the challenges of transforming soldiership
Stoic warriors : the ancient philosophy behind the military mind
The psychology of the Athenian hoplite : the culture of combat in classical Athens
"From the preeminent Hitler biographer, a fascinating and original exploration of how the Third Reich was willing and able to fight to the bitter end of World War II. Countless books have been written about why Nazi Germany lost World War II, yet remarkably little attention has been paid to the equally vital question of how and why it was able to hold out as long as it did. The Third Reich did not surrender until Germany had been left in ruins and almost completely occupied. Even in the near-apocalyptic final months, when the war was plainly lost, the Nazis refused to sue for peace. Historically, this is extremely rare. Drawing on original testimony from ordinary Germans and arch-Nazis alike, award-winning historian Ian Kershaw explores this fascinating question in a gripping and focused narrative that begins with the failed bomb plot in July 1944 and ends with the German capitulation in May 1945. Hitler, desperate to avoid a repeat of the "disgraceful" German surrender in 1918, was of course critical to the Third Reich's fanatical determination, but his power was sustained only because those below him were unable, or unwilling, to challenge it. Even as the military situation grew increasingly hopeless, Wehrmacht generals fought on, their orders largely obeyed, and the regime continued its ruthless persecution of Jews, prisoners, and foreign workers. Beneath the hail of allied bombing, German society maintained some semblance of normalcy in the very last months of the war. The Berlin Philharmonic even performed on April 12, 1945, less than three weeks before Hitler's suicide. As Kershaw shows, the structure of Hitler's "charismatic rule" created a powerful negative bond between him and the Nazi leadership- they had no future without him, and so their fates were inextricably tied. Terror also helped the Third Reich maintain its grip on power as the regime began to wage war not only on its ideologically defined enemies but also on the German people themselves. Yet even as each month brought fresh horrors for civilians, popular support for the regime remained linked to a patriotic support of Germany and a terrible fear of the enemy closing in. Based on prodigious new research, Kershaw's The End is a harrowing yet enthralling portrait of the Third Reich in its last desperate gasps. "--
Fighting spirit : a study of psychological factors in war
The science of unit cohesion : its characteristics and impacts
Mass behavior in battle and captivity : The communist soldier in the Korean war
An intimate history of killing : face-to-face killing in twentieth century warfare
Studies in social psychology in world war II. 2, The American soldier : combat and its aftermath
The valor of male and female warriors around the world : case studies from history
The soldier in our time : an essay
Combat strain and subsequent mental health : a follow-up study of Swedish soldiers serving in the United Nations forces 1961-62
The science of military cohesion
Infantry company as a society
Time out! Getting life back on track : a psychosocial support programme targeted at young men exempted from compulsory military or civil service
Practicing leadership : principles and applications
Psychological dimensions of war
Arrangements and methods for fostering mental fitness in the Russian armed forces
Jackboot : the story of the German soldier
Neuroendocrine responses to psychological workload of military flying
On killing : the psychological cost of learning to kill in war and society
The warriors : reflections on men in battle
The face of battle : a study of Agincourt, Waterloo and the Somme
Commissioned army officers : a longitudinal study of vocational environment and adaption of personnel from recruitment to promotion
The face of battle
Command intent : international perspectives and challenges
Decades before the American Revolution, Benjamin Franklin lamented that English settlers were constantly fleeing over to the Indians -- but Indians almost never did the same. Tribal society has been exerting an almost gravitational pull on Westerners for hundreds of years, and the reason lies deep in our evolutionary past as a communal species. The most recent example of that attraction is combat veterans who come home to find themselves missing the incredibly intimate bonds of platoon life. The loss of closeness that comes at the end of deployment may help explain the high rates of post-traumatic stress disorder suffered by military veterans today. Combining history, psychology, and anthropology, TRIBE explores what we can learn from tribal societies about loyalty, belonging, and the eternal human quest for meaning. It explains the irony that -- for many veterans as well as civilians -- war feels better than peace, adversity can turn out to be a blessing, and disasters are sometimes remembered more fondly than weddings or tropical vacations. TRIBE explains why we are stronger when we come together, and how that can be achieved even in today's divided world
Sociology
"More than two thousand years ago the Chinese strategist Sun Tzu advised us to know our enemies. The question has always been how. In A Sense of the Enemy, the historian Zachary Shore demonstrates that leaders can best understand an opponent not simply from his pattern of past behavior, but from his behavior at pattern breaks. Meaningful pattern breaks occur during dramatic deviations from the routine, when the enemy imposes costs upon himself. It's at these unexpected moments, Shore explains, that successful leaders can learn what makes their rivals truly tick. Shore presents a uniquely revealing history of twentieth-century conflict. With vivid, suspenseful prose, he takes us into the minds of statesmen, to see how they in turn tried to enter the minds of others. In the process, he shows how this type of mind-reading, which he calls "strategic empathy," shaped matters of war and peace. Mahatma Gandhi, for instance, was an excellent strategic empath.In the wake of a British massacre of unarmed Indian civilians, how did Gandhi know that nonviolence could ever be effective? And what of Gustav Stresemann, the 21-year-old Wunderkind Ph.D., who rose from lobbyist for chocolate makers to Chancellor of Germany. How did he manage to resurrect his nation to great power status after its humiliating loss in World War One? And then there is Le Duan, the shadowy Marxist manipulator who was actually running North Vietnam during the 1960s, as opposed to Ho Chi Minh. How did this rigid ideologue so skillfully discern America's underlying constraints? And, armed with this awareness, how did he construct a grand strategy to defeat the United States? One key to all these leaders' triumphs came from the enemy's behavior at pattern breaks.Drawing on research from the cognitive sciences, and tapping multilingual, multinational sources, Shore has crafted an innovative history of the last century's most pivotal moments, when lives and nations were on the line. Through this curious study of strategic empathy, we gain surprising insights into how great leaders think"--
Left of bang : how the Marine Corps' combat hunter program can save your life
Why is cohesion important?
The American soldier. Vol. 1, Adjustment during army life
Some empirical research results on Finnish soldiers' behavior, group cohesion and informal norms : three military sociological articles
War on the mind : the military uses and abuses of psychology
Bion, Rickman, Foulkes and the Northfield experiments : advancing on a different front
"A bold explanation of how and why national leaders are able--or unable--to correctly analyze and predict the intentions of foreign rivals"--
Hero or coward : pressures facing the soldier in battle
On combat : the psychology and physiology of deadly conflict in war and in peace
War, sadism and pacifism : further essays on group psychology and war
The roots of war and terror
Advances with social work practice with the military
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
The end : the defiance and destruction of Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945
Effects of physical activity and fitness on the psychological wellbeing of young men and working adults : associations with stress, mental resources, overweight and workability
Examines human courage and cowardice in combat in many parts of the world. This book provides an introduction to an essential attribute of humanity - the quest for self-respect and the respect of others.
Conflicting structures
None of us were like this before : American soldiers and torture
Equality, trust, fairness, and cohesion
American soldiers : ground combat in the World Wars, Korea, and Vietnam
"This collection of essays, inspired by the author's experience teaching ethics to Marine and Navy chaplains during the Iraq War, examines the moral and psychological dilemmas posed by war. The first section deals directly with Dr. Peter A. French's teaching experience and the specific challenges posed by teaching applied and theoretical ethics to men and women wrestling with the immediate and personal moral conflicts occasioned by the dissonance of their duties as military officers with their religious convictions. The following chapters grew out of philosophical discussions with these chaplains regarding specific ethical issues surrounding the Iraq War, including the nature of moral evil, forgiveness, mercy, retributive punishment, honor, torture, responsibility, and just war theory. This book represents a unique viewpoint on the philosophical problems of war, illuminating the devastating toll combat experiences take on both an individual's sense of identity and a society's professed moral code"--Provided by publisher.
Officership 2025 and changes in military crisis management from the action competence perspective
War and moral dissonance
Women on board : a longitudinal study of attitudes towards and opinions about serving with women at sea in the Royal Netherlands Navy
Wounds of war : the psychological aftermath of combat in Vietnam
Psychology and military proficiency : a history of the applied psychology panel of the National Defense Research Committee
Psychology aweigh! : a history of clinical psychology in the United Sates navy 1900-1988
The officer's handbook : a Soviet view a
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
Men at war 1914-1918 : national sentiment and trench journalism in France during the First World War
Keeping together in time : dance and drill in human history
The psychology of the peacekeeper : lessons from the field
A sense of the enemy : the high-stakes history of reading your rival's mind
Tribe : on homecoming and belonging
An intimate history of killing : face-to-face killing in twentieth-century warfare
Warrior geeks : how 21st-century technology is changing the way we fight and think about war
The psychology of war and peace : the image of the enemy
The American soldier. Vol. 2, Combat and its aftermath
New wars and new soldiers : military ethics in the contemporary world
New perspectives from Japan and China
Studies in social psychology in world war II. 1, The American soldier : adjustment during army life
Airpower leadership : theory and practice
Policy capturing in target selection
Male fantasies. 1, Women, floods, bodies, history
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
