http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9975 émigrés
émigrés
Estonian national council 1947-1957 : structure and organisation, historical background, activities
Jerzy Skolimowski : the cinema of a nonconformist
Conspirator : Lenin in exile
Russkaâ èmigraciâ : literatura, istoriâ, kinoletopis' : materialy meždunarodnoj konferencii, Tallinn, 12-14 sentâbrâ 2002 = The Russian emigration : literature, history, chronicle of films : materials from the international Conference (Tallinn, Septermber 12-14, 2002)
Estonian culture in exile : 10 years of Estonian cultural activities in Sweden, aims of Estonian cultural policy in exile, outlines of Estonian cultural policy
Izbrannye raboty = Selected works
Marina Cvetaeva : her life and art
In Joy Still Felt : The Autobiography of Isaac Asimov, 1954-1978
The twilight of emigré Russia, 1934-1953 : a portrait from letters, diaries, and memoirs
Vasily L. Kelsiev : an encounter between the Russian revolutionaries and the old believers
The morning gift
The gift
A captive lion : the life of Marina Tsvetayeva
In joy still felt : the autobiography of Isaac Asimov
On behalf of their homeland : fifty years of SVU : an eyewitness account of the history of the Czechoslovak Society of Arts and Sciences (SVU)
Voprosy identičnosti v russkoâzyčnoj diaspore : seminar v Hel'sinki 10-11 noâbrâ 2005 = Issues of identity in the Russian-speaking diaspora
Canuke literature : critical essays on Canadian Ukrainian writing
Life of a Russian emigré soldier : oral history transcript and related material, 1966-1967
The Russian diaspora : 1917-1941
The Serbian academic diaspora
Russian emigre life in Shanghai : oral history transcript and related material, 1967
A Cossack galloped far away : an autobiography of American Cossack's Ataman
La storia : five centuries of the Italian American experience
The origins and development of emigrant languages : proceedings from the Second Rasmus Rask Colloquium, Odense University, November 1994
The bitter air of exile : Russian writers in the West 1922-1972
Polish refugees and the Polish American Immigration and Relief Committee
Common man, mythic vision : the paintings of Ben Shahn
The intellectual migration : Europe and America, 1930-1960
The French émigrés in Europe and the struggle against revolution, 1789-1814
Jiezai yixiang de guoshi : jiaodian huaren = Blossoming in foreign lands : Chinese in the spotlight
Sociocultural perspectives on language change in diaspora : Soviet immigrants in the United States
Undaunted by exile! : to the victims of religious, political, national and racial persecutions in Central Europe between the 16th and 20th century with an accent on the Czech Lands
What language do I dream in? : a memoir
Reflections on exile : and other essays
""My father was born into war," begins this remarkable saga in Alisse Waterston's intimate ethnography, a story that is also twentieth century social history. This is an anthropologist's vivid account of her father's journey across continents, countries, cultures, languages, generations--and wars. It is a daughter's moving portrait of a charming, funny, wounded and difficult man, his relationships with those he loved, and his most sacred of beliefs. And it is a scholar's reflection on the dramatic forces of history, the legacies of culture, the experience of a Jewish immigrant, and the enduring power of memory. This book is for Sociology and Anthropology courses in qualitative methods, ethnography, violence, migration, and ethnicity"--
Imperial dancer : Mathilde Kschessinska and the Romanovs
The crimson thread
Bridges and walls : Slovenian multiethnic literature and culture
Americans aboard : a comparative study of emigrants from the United States
Renowned cultural theorist Mica Nava makes a significant contribution to the study of cosmopolitanism by exploring everyday English urban cosmopolitanism and foregrounding the gendered, imaginative and empathetic aspects of positive engagement with cultural and racial difference. By looking at a wide range of texts, events and biographical narratives, she traces cosmopolitanism from its marginal status at the beginning of the twentieth century to its relative normalisation by century's end. Case studies include the promotion of cosmopolitanism by Selfridges before the first world war; relationships between white English women and 'other' men -- Jews and black GIs -- during the 1930s and 1940s; literary, cinematic and social science representations of migrants in postcolonial Britain; and Diana and Dodi's interracial romance in the 1990s. In the final chapter, the author draws on her own complex family history to illustrate the contemporary cosmopolitan London experience. Scholars have tended to ignore the oppositional cultures of antiracism and social inclusivity. This groundbreaking study redresses this imbalance and offers a sophisticated account of the uneven history of vernacular cosmopolitanism.
Refugee scholars in America : their impact and their experiences
Recordings : a select bibliography of contemporary African, Afro-Caribbean and Asian British art / written and compiled by Melanie Keen and Elizabeth Ward ; [published by]  Insitute of International Visual Arts and Chelsea College of Art and Design
Unaccustomed earth
Exile in New York : German and Austrian writers after 1933
The lost girl
My father's wars : migration, memory, and the violence of a century
Leo Tolstoy and the Canadian Doukhobors : an historic relationship
Hollywood Haven : homes and haunts of the Eurpean ́Emigŕes and exiles in Los Angeles
Beauty in exile : the artists, models and nobility who fled the Russian revolution and influenced the world of fashion
Zoia's gold
Rolâ belaruskaj dyâspary ǔ zahavan'nì ì raz'vìc'cì belaruskaj kul'tury : matèryâly Mìžnarodnaj kanžèrèncyì (Lëndan, 29-30 veras'nâ 2001 godu) = The role of the Belarusian diaspora in preserving and developing Belarusian culture : papers of the International Conference (London, 29-30 September, 2001)
Permanent exiles : essays on the intellectual migration from Germany to America
What if you were trapped between two cultures? Life is tough in 1870s Wyoming. But it's tougher still when you're a girl who looks Chinese but speaks like an American. Orphaned as a baby and taken in by an American family, Charity Walker knows this only too well. The mounting tensions between the new Chinese immigrants and the locals in the mining town of Carter see her shunned by both communities. When Charity's one friend, Joe, leaves town, she finds herself isolated. However, in his absence, a new friendship with the only other Chinese girl in Carter makes her feel like she finally belongs somewhere. But, for a lost girl like Charity, finding a place to call home was never going to be that easy.
The weeping and the laughter
Petr Nikolaevič Savickij (1895-1968) : bibliografiâ opublikovannyh rabot = Petr Nikolaevich Savitskii (1895-1968) : a bibliography of his published works
In search of the essence of place
The art of memory in exile : Vladimir Nabokov & Milan Kundera
Revolutionary in exile : the emigration of Joseph Priestley to America, 1794-1804
Välis-Eesti perioodika 1944-1975 = Bibliography of Estonian periodicals abroad 1944-1975
Russia abroad : writers, history, politics
Rebellious prophet :  a life of Nicolai Berdyaev
Russians outside Russia : the émigré community in Czechoslovakia 1918-1938
Reformulating Russia : the cultural and intellectual historiography of Russian first-wave emigre writers
"What Goes Around, Comes Around." : Community Construction and Maintenance by Expatriate Brits in St. Petersburg and Helsinki in the 1890's and 1990's
Visceral cosmopolitanism : gender, culture and the normalisation of difference
The other Russia
Seeing red : Hungarian intellectuals in exile and the challenge of communism
Displaced literature : images of time and space in Latvian novels depicting the first years of the Latvian postwar exile
Metropolitan Anthony of Sourozh : essential writings
Reflections on exile and other literary and cultural essays
Fighting communism from afar : the Council of Free Czechoslovakia
Professor and government official : Russia, China, and California
New Zealand prospects : information for intending emigrants
Literature in exile of East and Central Europe
To what strange place : the music of the Ottoman-American diaspora 1916-1929
Pidu sinus eneses : art déco mood Aleksandr Vassiljevi kogust = Modnoe toržestvo : kostûm 1920-h godov iz kollekcii Aleksandra Vasil'eva = A moveable feast : art deco fashion design from Alexandre Vassiliev's collection
Family, commerce, and religion in London and Cologne : Anglo-German emigrants, c. 1000 - c. 1300
Mary : a novel
Polish political emigrés in the United States of America, 1831-1864
The Englishman from Lebedian' : a life of Evgeny Zamiatin (1884-1937)
Models of representation in Czech literary history
Polish intelligentsia in Nazi concentration camps and American exile : a study of values in crisis situations
Russian émigré serials : a bibliography of titles held by the university of California, Berkeley library
The wine of solitude
Escape from the Soviets
East and Central European history writing in exile 1939-1989
White and red umbrella : the Polish American congress in the cold war era (1944-1988)
Mary
Photographic biography.
Empire windrush : fifty years of writing about black Britain
Zoo, or, Letters not about love
Mathematicians fleeing from Nazi Germany : individual fates and global impact
Blood on the tongue
Pavel Tchelitchew : Metamorphoses
The mystery of Olga Chekhova
Russian refugees in France and the United States between the World Wars
Oracle bones : a journey between China and the west
Twentieth-century Russian émigré writers
The flight : the best ever screen adaption of M. Bulgakov's novels
The white Russian army in exile 1920-1941
A circle of friends : Romanian revolutionaries and political exile, 1840-1859
Hitler's exiles : the German cultural resistance in America and Europe
How it was done in Paris : Russian émigré literature and French modernism
Russians abroad : literary and cultural politics of diaspora (1919-1939)
The long road to victory : a history of Czechoslovak exile organizations
The real life of Sebastian Knight
Art and migration : Netherlandish artists on the move = Kunst en migratie : nederlandse kunstenaars op drift, 1400-1750 / editors = redactie: Frits Scholten ... [et al.]
The privilege was mine : a Russian princess returns to the Soviet Union
Folia bibliographica : a bibliography of works published by Estonian scholars in exile
Metropolis : a novel
Kill the wanderer
Conspiracy of blood and smoke
Charles simic : essays on the poetry
The 'right to return' and the meaning of 'home' : a post-Soviet Greek diaspora becoming European?
Coming to terms with the Soviet regime : the "Changing signposts" movement among Russian émigrés in the early 1920s
Miron Białoszewski : radical quest beyond dualisms
The encyclopedia of the Chinese overseas
Kaffir boy in America : an encounter with apartheid
Russian winter
David Burliuk and his art
Palestinians born in exile : diaspora and the search for a homeland
Our fight for Russia
"The first of its kind, The Encyclopedia of the Chinese Overseas provides a panoramic and comparative view across past and present overseas Chinese communities world wide. The Chinese diaspora has inherited mainland experiences, and they have modified and enriched them by transplantation to other continents and civilizations. This book includes the most important aspects of these experiences. The volume is geographically and thematically organized. The largest section consists of country-by-country profiles of individual Chinese communities. The rest divides into thematic sections on origins, migration, institutions, ties to China, and interethnic relations. Each of the sections is meant to be read continuously. They are accessible, scholarly, and authoritative. Complex material is clearly and vividly presented in text, boxed features, maps, graphs, tables, and archival and contemporary pictures. Chinese proper names and terms are identified with their characters in a glossary, while full references to Chinese, English, French, Spanish, and Russian works are given in the bibliography."
Identities are changeable
The house of special purpose
The Italians : social backgrounds of an American group
The last white general : oral history transcript and related material, 1972
Some girls, some hats and Hitler : a true love story
Living dangerously in Korea : the western experience, 1900-1950
