http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9979 place
place
Interpretive centers : the history, design and development of nature and visitor centers
Health-Promoting Leadership : a study of the concept and critical conditions for  implementation and evaluation / Andrea Eriksson
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
Literary landscapes : from modernism to postcolonialism
Does sense of place still exist?
Mobility, space, and culture
The Europeanization of cinema : interzones and imaginative communities
Pilgrimage in the Hindu tradition : salvific space
Sacralization of the urban footpath, with special reference to pavement shrines in Chennai City, South India
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
The Ashgate research companion to media geography
Spaces in European cinema
The importance of place in Italian crime fiction : a bloody journey
Place in research : theory, methodology and methods
Usually, a country brand is notŁfocused, resulting in unsuccessful place branding. It isŁpossible to successfully raise your national identity to the level of anŁattractive brand. Building a country brand is an investment, with strong positive returns. This book will guide you along the path to building aŁsuccessful brand.
Processing, analysis and recommendation of location data
Working sites : text, territories and cultural capital in American cultures
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
New product development : case company: Studentum.fi
The power of place : bringing together geographical and sociological imaginations
Byron and place : history, translation, nostalgia
Place : a short introduction
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
Time and space
Alive in the writing : crafting ethnography in the company of Chekhov
Using Facebook for marketing : case: Picnic Finland Oy
Geographic personal data, its privacy protection and prospects in a location-based service environment
Sherlock Holmes's London
From eternity to here : the quest for the ultimate theory of time
Making sense of place : multidisciplinary perspectives
Small pieces loosely joined : how the Web shows us who we really are
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning in Europe
Network landscapes ...
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
"Reading a wide range of well known postcolonial writers along with more recent authors, Spaces of Fiction / Fictions of Space implements a new theory of literary spatial marking derived from the linguistic theory of deixis, and made accessible via an analysis of Becketts 'semi-colonial' play Waiting for Godot"--Provided by publisher.
Excavating London's St Giles as imaginative place: Towards a dialogic relationship between literary studies and the urban humanities
This volume of anglistik & englischunterricht concentrates on the relationship between representations of space and the formation of personal and group identities. Resulting from the 2009 conference of the German Association for the Study of British Cultures at Paderborn University, the papers share a special focus on the ways in which literary texts construct and/or undermine coherent spaces and thereby shape their protagonists' search for a functioning sense of self. In addition, the portrayal and reading of spaces in other (particularly visual) media will also play an important role. Readers are thereby offered a comprehensive and comparative overview of spatially grounded identity representations in the British Isles, with a temporal focus on the period from the 19th to the 21st century. Thus, the volume constitutes a valuable contribution to a vibrant discussion which after the 'spatial turn' is taking place in many fields of literary and cultural studies.
"The entire material world can be divided between the natural environment and the built environment. Over the past forty years, the natural environment has received the greater share of attention of the two, but that is beginning to change. With a renewed interest in 'place' within various academic disciplines and the practical issues of rising fuel costs and scarcity of land, the built environment has emerged as a coherent and engaging subject for academic and popular consideration.While there is a growing body of work on the built environment, very little of it approaches the built environment from a distinctly Christian perspective. This major new work by Eric Jacobsen, author of the well-received Sidewalks in the Kingdom, represents a comprehensive and grounded approach. Jacobsen develops a framework for understanding the built environment and addresses timely and controversial topics such as gentrification, urban sprawl, and energy consumption. Employing tools from the field of theology and culture, he demonstrates how looking at the built environment through a theological lens provides a unique perspective on questions of beauty, justice, and human flourishing.The space between is embellished with plentiful photographs, illustrations, charts, and exercises and will be of interest to students in cultural hermeneutics, theology and culture, urban ministry, or New urbanism / built environment courses at the college and seminary level. Pastors, missionaries, church planters, and Christian professionals will also find it of interest" -- Publisher description.
Location based guide application for Windows Phone 7
Network landscapes ..
Geohumanities / : art, history, text at the edge of place
Place : an introduction
Heir of fire
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Territoriality, place and space
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Recognizing risks of satellite-based tracking
Geographical aesthetics : imagining space, staging encounters
Postcolonial literary geographies : out of place
Human experience and place : sustaining identity
In place, out of place : meaning of place and question on belonging for adult- third culture kids
Novel destinations : literary landmarks from Jane Austen's Bath to Ernest Hemingway's Key West
Revelations of Gloucester : Charles Olson, Fitz Hugh Lane, and writing of the place
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Reframing information architecture
Urban underworlds : a geography of twentieth-century American literature and culture
Practical speed measurements of the Nanotron location demo
Einstein's cosmos : how Albert Einstein's vision transformed our understanding of space and time
Geodiversity as a lived world : on the geography of existence
The use of ArcPad and ArcGIS in forest management
Southscapes : geographies of race, region, & literature
University libraries and space in the digital world
Places : identity, image and reputation
Cosmopolitanism and place : spatial forms in contemporary anglophone literature
Against space : place, movement, knowledge
Human geography today
Comparative Study of McDonald's and Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) development in China
Exploring learning on the workplace  : Case study of the evaluation and analysis of learning effects, using PLS Basic Training at Daimler as an example.
Locality, memory, reconstruction : the cultural challenges and possibilities of former single-industry communities
Space in America : theory, history, culture
A place in the country
Understanding cultural geography : places and traces
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Ici-là : place and displacement in Caribbean writing in French
Commonplaces : essays on the nature of place
The rhizomatic West : representing the American West in a transnational, global, media age
New perspectives on public services : place and technology
Vegetation of wetland forests in Latvia : a synopsis
Following the detectives : real locations in crime fiction
The spatial distribution of microbes in the environment
Essays in migratory aesthetics : cultural practices between migration and art-making
Philosophies of place
Location positioning algorithms for wireless sensor networks
Willow stack tower in leachate treatment
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
"In Europe and beyond, the moving image serves to imagine community and to instantiate a communal communicative space. These spaces do not not derive from harmonious but rather conflictual social configurations. To describe this space, Randall Halle presents the concept of interzone as a geographic and cultural space that develops through border crossings in the broadest sense, a place of transit, interaction, transformation, contentious and contested diveristy. To explore the communal communicative space made possible by cinema, Halle looks at cinematic relationships, especially European but also outside these borders. While treating German cinema as central, he also sweeps film production throughout central Europe, from the Baltic to the Sea of Marmara into the Mediterranean. In addition, Halle opens up a historical dimension that reaches from the pre-cinematic to contemporary post-film experiments with the moving image, from imperial Prussia to the role of European funding for contemporary films in Africa and Asia. Concentrating on the European Union's culture instead of its politics or economy, he combines analyses of films with their conditions of production, questions of both film aesthetics and financing. In this detailed investigation of cinematic space and place, Halle's themes come together to show cinema's ability to express multiple interzones in Europe and beyond".
Imagined Nordic places
Management of landfill leachate
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
Project location positioning algorithm : detailed code enhancements
Punk rock and the politics of place : building a better tomorrow
Modeling social phenomena in spatial context
A Place in the Country is a window into the brilliant mind of W. G. Sebald. When W. G. Sebald travelled to Manchester in 1966, he packed in his bags certain literary favourites which would remain central to him throughout the rest of his life and during the years when he was settled in England. In A Place in the Country, he reflects on six of the figures who shaped him as a person and as a writer, from Jean-Jacques Rousseau to Jan Peter Tripp. Fusing biography and essay, and finding, as ever, inspiration in place - as when he journeys to the Ile St. Pierre, the tiny, lonely Swiss island where Jean-Jacques Rousseau found solace and inspiration - Sebald lovingly brings his subjects to life in his distinctive, inimitable voice.
The memory of place : a phenomenology of the uncanny
Humanistic geography and literature : essays on the experience of place
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
City of stairs : a novel
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
Influence of clear-cutting on the risk of wind damage at forest edges : a GIS-based integrated models approach
The assassin's blade
Gendered landscapes : An interdisciplinary exploration of past place and space
The existence of space and time
Concrete Skateparks : Design and construction of a skateboarding recreational facility
Concrete messages - material expressions of place reinvention
Cities, borders, and spaces in intercultural American literature and film
Leadership and place
Modalities of place : on polarisation end exclusion in concepts of place and in site-specific art
"Edward W. Said remains one of the most important literary and cultural critics in the world. A towering figure in postcolonial studies, Said may be equally well regarded for his scholarship in comparative literature, critical theory, and intellectual history. Less well known, perhaps, is Said's immense influence on geocriticism or spatial literary studies. The Geocritical Legacies of Edward W. Said brings together a variety of essays which, each in its own way, highlight the significance of Said's work for contemporary spatial criticism. With contributions from both established literary critics and emerging scholars, this collection provides a representative sample of work being done in the wake of Said's multifaceted and enormous critical project"--
Cognitive and linguistic aspects of geographic space : new perspectives on geographic information research
Politics of memory : historical battlefields and sense of place
Commercial vehicles : location of electrical and pneumatic connections between towing vehicles and trailers = Véhicules utilitaires : emplacement des connexions électriques et pneumatiques entre véhicules tracteurs et véhicules remorqués
Bridging environmental and Indigenous studies and drawing on critical geography, spatial theory, new materialist theory, and decolonizing theory, this dynamic volume examines the sometimes overlooked significance of place in social science research. There are often important divergences and even competing logics at work in these areas of research, some which may indeed be incommensurable. This volume explores how researchers around the globe are coming to terms - both theoretically and practically - with place in the context of settler colonialism, globalization, and environmental degradation. McKenzie and Tuck outline a trajectory of critical place inquiry that not only furthers empirical knowledge, but ethically imagines new possibilities for collaboration and action. Critical place inquiry can involve a range of research methodologies; this volume argues that what matters is how the chosen methodology engages conceptually with place in order to mobilize methods that enable data collection and analyses which address place explicitly and politically. Unlike other approaches which attempt to superficially tag on Indigenous concerns, decolonizing conceptualizations of land and place and Indigenous methods are central, not peripheral, to practices of critical place inquiry.
Place attachment
How location-based social network applications are being used
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Building your own climbing wall  : illustrated instructions and plans for indoor and outdoor walls
Gendered perspectives on rehabilitation after involuntary resettlement in urban Sri Lanka
Novel destinations: literary landmarks from Jane Austen’s Bath to Ernest Hemingway’s Key West
Knowing differently : the cognitive challenge of the indigenous
Thinking in place : art, action, and cultural production
Deep maps and spatial narratives
Topographies
Labor market matching with application to Finnish data
Gotham Academy. Volume 2, Calamity
Comparison of impact characteristics of different ice hockey arena dasher boards
Through language we show who we are and where we belong. In the workplace context this includes the way we construct ourselves as the team leader, meeting chair, a good colleague, the judge, a teacher orresearcher. Constructing Identities at Work presents cutting edge research on the process of identity construction in professional and institutional contexts, from corporate workplaces, to courtrooms, classrooms, and academia. The authors illustrate the range of foci, methodologies and approaches prevalent in the newly established field of workplace discourse, demonstrating how interactants do identity work and how identity is 'indexed' (often in subtle ways) in workplace discourse. Moving beyond unhelpful static universalities about how all women, all English-speakers, or all old people behave linguistically, each of the authors emphasises the contextualised nature of our everyday lives and the ways in which we negotiate and renegotiate our emerging identities with others. Among the chapters there are examples of a range of different theoretical approaches to identity in linguistics, from the prevalent social constructionist lens to the micro-level detail accessible through Conversation Analysis, and the quantitative analysis offered by corpus linguistics.
Naturalistic and existential realms of place in Roseau, Dominica
With regard to urban footpaths, there are two actors with different interests, the municipal authorities who, in theory, pursue town planning and maintain footpaths for the convenience of pedestrians, and the poor homeless living illegally on footpaths with the constant fear of being forced to leave. There exists a clear difference in stand-point between authorities and pavement dwellers on the use of footpaths: the former has a power to keep the public space free from encroachment but the latter finds the footpaths a space advantageous for living. The discussion focuses on pavement shrines that have become more ubiquitous in Chennai city, South India, since the 1990s and are mostly huilt and maintained by the socially and economically weaker sections of the city population. Footpath shrines may have and represent a power of resistance against authorities in the name of the sacred places they have been erected on, and are thus a weapon of the weak in their tactics for survival in the city. This ethnigraphic example holds an important theoretical connotation in terms of the emergence of a dynamic concept of sacred by suggesting that the edge or boudary of the dominant ideological social space or the boudary between the legal and the illegal in its context embraces a potentiality of producing sacrality, as is suggested by Veikko Anttonen's rethinking of the notion of sacred from the viewpoint of cognitive categorization.
Perception of Finnish space by foreign students
Faith and place : an essay in embodied religious epistemology
Landscape and ideology in American renaissance literature : topographies of skepticism
Google web toolkit as modern ajax framework for development of rias.
Spatial representations of British identities
Integrated planning and management in the Baltic Sea Region : a GIS-model elaborated in Gotland
Geographic indexing and data management for 3D-visualisation
Employees Training and Development in Chinese State Owned Companies : Case:LQ Coal-Fired Power Plant
Remembering place
Space, place and territoriality are not only basic concepts to the discipline of geography. Geographical approach to the analysis of place is a task we need to foster in order to improve our understanding of the life-worlds of others. The development of each individual, our 'self' builds on our relations to the realms of nature, social relations and meaning as these are united in places. The author maintains that society needs a geographical place analyses based on an understanding of individual relational space and demonstrates the approach in a study of urban neighbourhoods. In order to find the bases for better planning models inhabitants were asked: What makes a place, your neighbourhood, a better place to live in? Four factors could be sorted out: the aesthetic, the functional, the social and the individual. These factors are clearly related to the understanding of place as uniting the realms of nature, social relations and meaning.
The establishment and growth of new firms is important for job creation, but companies are not all the same. A small number of firms create a significant portion of new jobs, while in a large portion of firms job creation remains limited or the number of jobs is actually decreasing. New firms include a relatively high number of 'gazelles', firms that increase the number of jobs at a rapid pace. At the same time, however, only a small portion of new firms survive the 'valley of death' of the first years following entry. It is difficult to identify rapidly growing businesses in advance, and high growth at the outset does not typically predict high growth in the future..
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning n Europe
The power of place : existential crises and place security in the context of pregnancy
The geocritical legacies of Edward W. Said : spatiality, critical humanism, and comparative literature
Calling the station home : place and identity in New Zealand's high country
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
Executive summary.
The maze runner files
Mary Butts and British neo-romanticism : the enchantment of place
"This book explores the relationship between space, place and gendered violence as depicted in a range of South African writing. Gendered violence constitutes a unique form of violence because it is at once both intensely political and intensely personal. As a case study, South Africa offers considerable potential for analysis because the governmental technology of apartheid affected not only race relations, but also gendered and spatial ones. This resulted in conditions of exceptionality that operate on the levels of institutional power and political allegory, but yet had, and still have, an immense impact on the everyday. This book focuses on how narrative representations of gendered violence document, negotiate, challenge and resist structures of domination and power"--
A bridge over the Balkans : Demetra Vaka Brown and the tradition of "women's orients"
Contested places
Place, community and art: relationships
Finnish market entry planning of franchising Kungfu catering
Regional statistics on entrepreneurial activity
Sketch your world : essential techniques for drawing on location
Creating student internship database for Laurea University of Applied Sciences
The hating game
Outside lies magic : regaining history and awareness in everyday places
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Literature's sensuous geographies : postcolonial matters of place
Science and sensibility : negotiating an ecology of place
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Narratives of agency in job burnout recovery
Tales for trainers : using stories and metaphors to facilitate learning
Parking issues in Lutakko from a user-oriented viewpoint
The involvement of primary stakeholders in international place branding
Names and naming : people, places, perceptions and power
Royal assassin Celaena must travel to a new land to confront a truth about her heritage, while brutal and monstrous forces are gathering on the horizon, intent on enslaving her world.
The spatial turn : interdisciplinary perspectives
Delimiting indigenous cultures : conceptual and spatial boundaries
Evaluation of new alternatives to improve landfill waste diversion in Reykjavík, Iceland
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Everyday life in Asia : social perspectives on the senses
Animating the unseen : landscape discourses as mnemonics among Kolguyev Nenets
Moments along the road : place and sense of place in Jack Kerouac's On the road
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
The themed space : locating culture, nation, and self
Summary.
Karelia : a place of memories and utopias
Summary: Ordinary man's places.
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
This book explores international trends in naming and contributes to the growing field of onomastic enquiry. Naming practices are viewed here through a critical lens, demonstrating a high level of political and social engagement in relation to how we name people and places. The contributors to this publication examine why names are not only symbols of a person or place, but also manifestations of cultural, linguistic and social heritage in their own right. Presenting analyses of geographically and culturally diverse perspectives and case studies, the book investigates how names can represent deeper kinds of identity, act as objects of attachment and dependence, and reflect community mores and social customs while functioning as powerful predicators of inclusion and exclusion. The book will be of interest to researchers in onomastics, sociology, human geography, linguistics and history.
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Spaces of fiction / fictions of space : postcolonial place and literary deiXis
The book of legendary lands
Risk assessment of modern landfill structures in Finland
The battlefields of the First World War : the unseen panoramas of the western front
The uses of space in early modern history
Spatial statistics through applications
Marketing campaign "OAS student internship program"
Space and place : the perspective of experience
Quality Assurance of International Work Placements in Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Business Department
Where mortals dwell : a Christian view of place for today
Qaluyaarmiuni Nunamtenek Qanemciput = Our Nelson Island stories : meanings of place on the Bering Sea Coast
Oulu district as a location choice for international companies
Traveling in place : a history of armchair travel
Illusion town
The postsouthern sense of place in contemporary fiction
Developing orientation in the invoicing department and producing a work instruction manual : Case: Shared Service Centre
Moving through modernity : space and geography in modernism
The new media theory reader
Location-based web search and mobile applications
Sacred place in early medieval Neoplatonism
This book introduces the beginning student to the major concepts, materials and tools of the discipline of geography. While it presents geographic theory, as whole and for each of its parts, the chief emphasis is on concrete analysis and example rather than on abstraction, an approach which has proven more successful for undergraduate courses than those with a more heavily theoretical bias. The text was extensively re-written for the third edition, which enhanced its clarity and effectiveness, with expanded cartographic coverage.
Skating in ice hockey
GIS guide to good practice
"El primer punto del mundo" : assigning a sense of place to Macuro
"Landscape and place are currently important topics in the study of classical literature. This volume examines how ancient Greeks of the archaic and classical period used geography in literary contexts, and how the representation of place in texts can be linked to contemporary social practices. The contributors explore how the Greeks related to the spaces and places around them and how they invested these places with meaning. They use examples from key texts in ancient Greek literature and treat a variety of textual places, from the intimate to the expansive, including the bedroom, ritual space, law courts, theatrical space, the city, and the landscape of war. Collectively, the essays demonstrate the important relationships--such as body and place, landscape and identity, ritual and space--that emerge from close analysis of the texts"--
Business model viability of Galileo Commercial Service
Sustainable well-being at work through ergonomics via the web-based learning program of Ergonetti
Cosmopolitanism and Place considers the way contemporary Anglophone fiction connects global identities with the experience in local places. Looking at fiction set in metropolises, regional cities, and rural communities, this book argues that the everyday experience of these places produces forms of wide connections that emphasize social justice.
"If humans are to understand and discover ways of addressing complex social and ecological problems, we first need to find intimacy with our particular places and communities. Cultivating a relationship to place often includes a negotiating process that involves both science and sensibility. While science is one key part of an adaptive and resilient society, the cultivation of a renewed sense of place and community is essential as well. Science and Sensibility argues for the need for ecology to engage with philosophical values and economic motivations in a political process of negotiation, with the goal of shaping humans' treatment of the natural world. Michael McGinnis aims to reframe ecology so it might have greater "trans-scientific" awareness of the roles and interactions among multiple stakeholders in socioecological systems, and he also maintains that deep ecological knowledge of specific places will be crucial to supporting a sustainable society. He uses numerous specific case studies from watershed, coastal, and marine habitats to illustrate how place-based ecological negotiation can occur, and how reframing our negotiation process can influence conservation, restoration, and environmental policy in effective ways."--
Place and experience : a philosophical topography
Forensic psychology for dummies
Architecture and tourism : identify trends and elaborate their profitability
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Semantic place recognition for context aware services
The transformation of tourism spaces : ATLAS reflections 2006
Place of geometry / Shoji Kato
The effect of film on destination image and tourists' destination selection
Franchising as a Potential Growth Strategy for a Small Business : A Case of Sam-Chi Fast Food Restaurant
"Literature's Sensuous Geographies offers a study of place in postcolonial literature and theory from other than the socio-cultural and political angles that have traditionally dominated the field. Moslund explores "sensuous geographies" (something that has so far been neglected in the study of place in literature) as opening up other than discursive relations to the world - other, non-territorial modes of being-in-the-world. The book develops a sense-aesthetic mode of reading (a "topo-poetics") and in close-readings of Conrad, Blixen, Coetzee and Achebe (among others), Moslund explores dimensions in literature that open up the place world as produced by desubjectified intensities of smell, sound, sight, touch, etc. Sense-aesthetic qualities of literary language are shown in this way as radically challenging the rationalizing logic of modernity (the inner logic of imperialism), at the heart of which Moslund identifies a disciplining of the senses and a reduction of the sensuous openness of reality. With his study of sensuous geographies in literature, Moslund makes a notable shift in the field of postcolonial studies and geocriticism from discourse analysis to aesthetic analysis"--
Promoting CarP, through marketing communication tools
Installation and Simulation of a Simple Parking Lot Management System
Learning in the workplace : strategies for effective practice
Mental health and social space : towards inclusionary geographies?
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
Spatial practices : Medieval/Modern
In the eyes of the sea : memories of place and displacement in a South African fishing town
Place, community and art : relationships
Out of Oz
How can the film-induced tourism phenomenon be sustainably managed?
Space, place, and gendered violence in South African writing
Locating the destitute : space and identity in Caribbean fiction
Place- and community-based education in schools
Management leadership in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Stories of the 'boring border' : the Dutch German borderscape in people's minds
Space, place, and landscape in ancient Greek literature and culture
Smoking geographies : space, place and tobacco
European Pact on Immigration and Asylum and the Stockholm programme: lines of consideration in recent EU immigration policies with a view to policy coherence for development
"Armchair travel may seem like an oxymoron. Doesn't travel require us to leave the house? And yet, anyone who has lost herself for hours in the descriptive pages of a novel or the absorbing images of a film knows the very real feeling of having explored and experienced a different place or time without ever leaving her seat. No passport, no currency, no security screening required--the luxury of armchair travel is accessible to us all. In Traveling in Place, Bernd Stiegler celebrates this convenient, magical means of transport in all its many forms. Like the best guidebooks, Traveling in Place is more interested in the idea of travel as a state of mind than as a physical activity, and Stiegler reflects on the different ways that traveling at home have manifested themselves in the modern era, from literature and film to the virtual possibilities of the Internet, blogs, and contemporary art." --
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Constructing identities at work
Job creation in firms : does Finland lack gazelles?
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
The long space : transnationalism and postcolonial form
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
Learning QGIS : latest guide to using QGIS 2.14 to create great maps and perform geoprocessing tasks with ease
"The study of space and place is unquestionably becoming an important research focus in the humanities and social sciences. And while there is an expanding body of theoretical work on the importance of these concepts in various disciplines, less attention has been paid to how spatial ideas and approaches can actually be deployed to understand the societies, cultures, and mentalities of the past. In this volume, leading experts explore the uses of space in two respects: how spatial concepts can be employed by or applied to the study of history, and how spaces and spatial ideas were used for practical and ideological purposes in specific periods. Together, the contributors represent a comprehensive range of disciplines concerned with space and history, including archaeology, social history, intellectual history, imperial history, geography, and cartography, allowing for an unusually broad variety of case studies and perspectives"--
On topobiography; or, how to write one ̀s place
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Geographies in writing : re-imagining place
Reality and allegory in the Odyssey
Pura Besakih : temple, religion and society in Bali
The geography of law : landscape, identity and regulation
The practical conduct of play
Matilda's wedding
Joyce and the city : the significance of place
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
Nenets and russian discourses on northern landscapes
The illegal : a novel
The space between : a Christian engagement with the built environment
