http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p998 industry
industry
Yearbook
The industrial outlook by various writers
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
CSR performance of global forest products companies and IT companies
Bad pharma : how drug companies mislead doctors and harm patients
The decline of jute : managing industrial change
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
Journal of industrial ecology
Market Entry Plan For A Vietnamese Industrial Company : case: European Plastic Joint Stock Company
Automotive factory network renewal
Golden tips : a description of Ceylon and its great tea industry
Measures for improving engineering equipment with a view to more effective energy use
Territory, specialization and globalization in European manufacturing
Allocation in space : production, transport and industrial location
Forward : Valmet's customer magazine
This original and instructive new book defines and explores the concept of knowledge as the talent, skills, know-how and understanding embodied in individuals. The distinguished contributors advance the current research frontier in three novel directions which focus on: the role of human capital and talent for creativity, entrepreneurship and regional development; the role of institutions for the behaviour of firms and entrepreneurs; and the influence of the global context on the location, export and innovation behaviour of firms in a knowledge economy. They also address critical questions that underpin the emerging knowledge economy: Why does human capital and talent tend to agglomerate in large urban regions? How does this agglomeration affect the location of different types of economic activities? How does this agglomeration affect regional growth? Presenting the state-of-the-art in the field of knowledge economics, this book will prove a stimulating and challenging read for scholars and researchers with an interest in economics, business and management, and regional and urban studies.
Konecranes world
The Way of Chery to Achieve the Most Successful Auto Brand in China
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Industry Policy in Transition : the Case of Latvia
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Interindustry economics
Vuosikirja 2006 = Year book 2006 : Tilastot 2005 = Statistics 2005
Technology intensity of Finnish manufacturing industries
MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES IN ROMANIA
A survey of the geographical distribution of industry in Finland in 1952
Recommendations for the 1983 world programme of industrial statistics. Part 1, General statistical objectives
Process Improvement : Measurement and analysis of deviations in the maritime transport documentation process
Aggregating problems when forecasting industrial production using business survey data
The industries of the future
SPC and continuous improvement
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
Downward stickiness of wages in Finnish industries : how resistant are wages to market pressures?
Industrial and corporate change
Environmental protection expenditure in industry
Banks' share in corporate finance has increased in Finland
Explores the changing business landscape of the 21st century and what it means for organizations. The author presents a new model for how to think about and handle the complex world of business from a managerial and innovative perspective with tips and tools for motivating and engaging your organization, clients and customers.
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Teollisuuden vuosikirja = Årsbok för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa = del = vol. 2.
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
The effectiveness of industrial estates in developing countries
Essays in industrial economics
Russian manufacturing revisited : Industrial enterprises at the start of the 2008 financial crisis
Managing professionals in innovative organizations : a collection of readings
Profit margins in Finnish industry : a panel data analysis
Sustainability assessment of renewables-based products : methods and case studies
Study to elevator inspection market in Deyang city, China
International recommendations for industrial statistics
Review of Finnish engineering practice
New orders in manufacturing
Creating a procurement strategy for an importing company
Production and operations management : manufacturing and nonmanufacturing
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The economics of the Finnish industrial structure : an empirical analysis of industrial concentration, conduct and performance in Finland in the seventies
Just in time material flow with ABB Oy Drives and Controls
The rise of modern business in Great Britain, the United States and Japan
Trust in Russian forest industry relations : editorial
Learning from experiences with industrial heat pumps
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Importance of marketing in organizational success : Bata shoe company Zimbabwe
The regional economics of knowledge and talent
Estonian industry
Finland in figures 2012
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Factory positioning in an unpredictable environment : a managerial view of manufacturing strategy formation
Building on knowledge : developing expertise, creativity and intellectual capital in the construction professions
A comparative study of CSR reports : the case of leading energy companies in the U.S. and Russia
Analyzing China Smart Water Meter Industry Cluster Competitiveness
One Hundred Films and a Funeral
Measuring boundary spanning behavior
Vuosikirja 2003 : tilastot 2002 = Year book 2003 : statistics 2002
Industrial output
Handbook of maintenance management and engineering
Teollisuuden vuosikirja = Årsbok för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa = del = vol. 1.
The genesis of modern management : a study of the industrial revolution in Great Britain
States of emergency : technological failures and social destabilization
Maintenance systems and documentation
Industrial development survey. 4.
Supply Manager’s Role Development In Industrial Supply Chain Process
A groundbreaking, comprehensive anthology. Scholars have traced applied anthropology as far back as the classical age, when Greek rulers gathered data about neighbouring people in order to inform Greek foreign policy. Most anthropology ever since has had a practical focus: knowledge for the sake of knowledge is valuable; knowledge with practical applications is even more so. The authors focus on how the field of anthropology can best be utilised practically today. In making their arguments, they consider past, present, and future trends in applied anthropology, especially with regard to issues such as globalisation, ethnographic research, and governmental policies. This anthology focuses on how people can make their training in anthropology work for them in seemingly unrelated fields. Specific topics covered include: anthropology and development, the environment, agricultural anthropology, health and medicine, nutritional anthropology, displacement and resettlement, business and industry, anthropology applied to education, applied anthropology and the aged, and emerging trends in applied anthropology. Collects together contributions from key thinkers in the field. Looks at how anthropology can be applied practically to other disciplines.
Profiles of manufacturing establishments. 4, Three-country study on export-oriented industries
Finnish industry
Employment in high technology sectors in EU regions : German regions dominate in manufacturing but much less in services
Exporting to the Ukrainian water treatment market. Case study: Bimaks Kimya Ltd.
Item-level life-cycle model for maintenance networks : from cost to additional value
Industry and technology development news for Asia and the Pacific
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Industrial transformation in the open economy : a multisectoral view
People and product management in manufacturing
Job losses in major industries : manpower strategy responses
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Annually some 8,000 students start their studies in several of Finland's universities of applied sciences
Consumer packaging in Poland, Czech Republic and in Moscow area
Industrial research institutes : guidelines for evaluation
Cleaner production worldwide
Arctic Passion News : [Aker Arctic Technology Inc's newsletter]
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The effects of creative destruction on industry-specific productivity growth : creative destruction during economic shocks
Prosessikaaviot = Flow diagrams for process plants : yleiset ohjeet = general rules
The credit market, investment planning and monetary policy : an econometric study of manufacturing industries
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The financial difficulties of small and medium-sized enterprises in the euro area are gradually easing. Finance surveys indicate that access to finance has continued to be unconstrained in Finland, but the terms and conditions of loans are tightening. Collateral requirements are increasing, as is the use of various loan covenants in corporate finance..
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
United Nations International Symposium on Industrial Development, Athens, December 1967.
Applied anthropology : domains of application
Suomalaista työtä = Finland at work
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Production development : design and operation of production systems
The economics of industrial organization : analysis, markets, policies
Competition and marketing strategies in the pharmaceutical industry
Ajan viira : juhlaruno Tamfeltille sen täyttäessä 200 vuotta 17.5.1997 : a bicentennial poem for Tamfelt Corp. = Time is a wire
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
Progress in ceramic science. Volume 1
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
Managing maintenance resources
Setting Up Biscuit Production Company in Ghana
The control of industry
MACHINE VISION AND OBJECT SORTING : PLC Communication with LabVIEW using OPC
Taking technical risks : how innovators, executives, and investors manage high-tech risks
Internationalization of a firm : a case of Malaysian water industry
Environmental performance of digital printing : literature study
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
Power at the top : a critical survey of the nationalized industries
The Role of Nigeria Capital Market in the Growth of the Industrial Sector
Industrial development survey. 3.
European industries : structure, conduct and performance
Teollisuuden kannattavuus 1960-luvulla = The development of the profitability of the Finnish industry in the 1960s
This paper is based on a major study by the HSE's Institute for Industrial and Market Studies (IIMS) on competitiveness of Russian manufacturing enterprises. The study seeks to identify the drivers and dynamics of business competitiveness, focusing particularly on behavior adjustments of firms in the period 2005-2008 and the lead-up to the global financial crisis. Using the study findings, we attempt to ascertain which firms succeeded (and the extent to which they succeeded) in capitalizing on the strong economic growth before the 2008 global financial crisis. We then ask if these firms managed to catch up with their competitors and secure sustainable competitive positions in the market, as well as identify the bases for output increases and enhanced production efficiency. .
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Enhancement of national collaboration between defence establishment and industry by systems approach
Introducing Tanzania as a potential market for Finnish companies
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume one
Cognitive barriers to external resource management : top management perspective
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Quality Management System as an Asset : Case Study: Small Enterprise in Global Turmoil
Development of intra-industrial efficiency : an application of the frontier and short-run industry production functions based on micro-data
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Industrial energy efficiency : policies and programmes : Washington, DC, United States, 26-27 May 1994 : conference proceedings
Mixed standard scale : a new merit rating method, its development and use in industry
Annals of the ICRP
The Necessity of Zhejiang Textile Industry's Transition from OEM to OBM : Case Study: Zhejiang Asset Underwear Co., Ltd.
NEW TECHNOLOGIES IN CONSTRUCTING CONCRETE STRUCTURES
The liberal policy for industry
Industrial clusters in the Russian Empire 1860-1913
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
21st century management : leadership and innovation in the thought economy
Recommendations for the 1983 world programme of industrial statistics. Part 2, Organization and conduct of industrial censuses
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Changes in industrial structure in the European economies since the oil crisis 1973-78 : report of the Group of Experts on Sectoral Analysis
Brazil as a coffee-growing country, its capabilities, the mode of cultivation, and prospects of extension described in a series of letters to the "Ceylon observer", with the latest information from other sources
The cheese handbook : a guide to the world ́s best cheeses : over 250 varieties described, with recipes
Guidelines for the establishment of industrial estates in developing countries
Metalliset teollisuusputkistot = Metallic industrial piping. Osa 6 = Part 6, Maahan asennettavien putkistojen lisävaatimukset = Additional requirements for buried piping
Strategic maintenance planning
Industrial innovation in transition
Industrial advertising and publicity
Aim of this thesis was to investigate the Ruukki Raahe steel plant’s installed base of continuously operated process analyzers, make a critical analysis and identify opportunities to improve condition monitoring. In addition, there was a need to regard operation and investment of the peak gas analyzer, as well as find out whether the maintenance of analyzers transfer to responsibility of centralized maintenance makes sense. The thesis was commissioned by electrical department of Ruukki workshop. The analyzers installed base and relevant information was sorted out by interviewing specialists and equipment suppliers and searching information on Arttu and Alma systems. The criticality of analyzers was defined as in case failure and operation by interviewing different professionals at the plant. Opportunities to improve condition monitoring were clarified as it stands and in the future. Opportunities and challenges of analyzers maintenance concentration was surveyed at the maintenance point of view.
Industrial growth and world trade : an empirical study of trends in production consumption and trade in manufactures from 1899-1959 with a discussion of probable future trends
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
HRM practices and firm performance : evidence from Finnish manufacturing
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Manufacturing Industries before and after the Collapse of  Soviet Markets : a Comparison of Finnish and Czechoslovak  Experience
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
Robotics
World non-electrical machinery : an empirical study of the machine-tool industry
World industry since 1960 : progress and prospects : special issue of the industrial development survey for the third General Conference of UNIDO, New Delhi, India 21 Jan. - 8 Feb. 1980.
The rise of German industrial power, 1834-1914
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
The machine tool industry : perspectives for industrial development in the Second United Nations Development Decade
Technology and structural change : productivity in the Finnish manufacturing industries, 1925-2000
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Industrial development in communist China
Finland needs a programme for reindustrialisation : report by the Working Group for Industrial Investment, Development and Operational Environment
Theories of the labour market and industrial employment : a review of the social science literature
Dynamic aspects of industrial middleware architectures
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Government-foreign industry relations in China : how Finnish companies perceive China's officials
Managing the spatial impacts of industrial change in Finland
Review of industry in ESCWA member countries
The effect of the Finnish real exchange rate on industry volumes
As a result, a table of steel plant’s analyzers was produced in the thesis. The table will be documented and attached to the analyzers maintenance works, in order for maintenance and investment services to utilize it. Critical review of analyzers reveals for example the use of the analyzer, criticality, spare equipment and spare parts situation. Investment of new peak gas analyzer system is a clear justification, as set out in the thesis. As a means of improving condition monitoring introduces filling of calibration certificates in calibration context. At the same time improves the analyzers maintenance manuals in Arttu system. In addition, e-mail transmission of blast furnaces analyzer alarms was introduced in the thesis. Action is proposed that instead of concentrating analyzers maintenance to workshop, improves the plant's internal networking.
Review of progress at industrial hot spots
International specialization and structural change in the Swedish manufacturing industry 1969-1992
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Industrial relations and the wider society : aspects of interaction
Implementation of a metering size press on PM2 at the Georgia Pulp and Paper Macon Mill
Essays on plant size, employment dynamics and survival
Technological Research for a Better Future : The 4th Research Forum between Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Essays in the demand for energy in Finnish manufacturing
On optimization of simulation based design
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Tensions in human-technology research
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
Industrial development news for Asia and the Pacific
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Advancement on Drilling Technology in Petroleum Industry
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Edison to Enron : energy markets and political strategies
Restructuring or re-industrializing? : Zimbabwe's textile and metal industries under adjustment
Determination of surfactants in industrial waters of paper- and board mills
Finland in figures 2016.
Industrial research and development news. 3:1
The needs of development of forest industries in northwestern Russia
Industrial ecology
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
Industrial dynamics
Teollisuuden vuosikirja : 1993 = Årsboken för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa 1.
Profitability in Swedish manufacturing : trends and explanations
