http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9982 whales
whales
Realms of the sea
Dolphins, porpoises and whales of the world : the IUCN red data book
Whales and dolphins
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Harbour porpoises (Phocoena phocoena) of Skjálfandi Bay : size, gender and diet
Whaling diplomacy : defining issues in international environmental law
Big blue whale
This morning I met a whale
Sperm whales : social organization and global genetic structure
Whales and doplhins
Unveiling the whale : discourses on whales and whaling
A whale of a tale!
The hunting of the whale : a tragedy that must end
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 3, General papers and large cetaceans
Under the sea
The storm whale in winter
Abstract.
Could a shark do gymnastics? : ... and other questions
A Journey to Svalbard : Polar Territory
The therian skull : a lexicon with emphasis on the odontocetes
Dear greenpeace
Whales & dolphins
Moby-Dick, or, the whale
The book of dolphins
The snow whale
Giants of the sea : whales, dolphins, and their habits
Dolphins & whales
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
Sound and Cetacea
Moby Dick, or, The white whale
Amazing Esme ; and the pirate circus
Anatomy of the eye of the cetaceans : an annotated translation
Whale watcher : a global guide to watching whales, dolphins and porpoises in the wild
Not forgetting the whale
Creatures of the deep
Moby-Dick : or, the whale
Traditional beluga drives of the Iñupiat of Kotzebue Sound, Alaska
Little black lies
Abundance, association and movement within discrete populations of sperm whales, Physeter macrocephalus
Sea guide to whales of the world
Endangered culture : Japanese whaling in cultural perspective
A book of fishes
Ocean giants
Thousand mile song : whale music in a sea of sound
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
Songs from the deep
Salt water taffy, the seaside adventures of Jack and Benny. 4 : Caldera's revenge. Part 1
Dolphins, porpoises, and whales : 1994-1998 action plan for conservation of cetaceans
The whales' song and other stories
Whales, dolphins and porpoises
Moby Dick or the white whale
The encyclopedia of sea mammals
Sea mammals of the world
General features of the paleobiological evolution of Cetacea
When the whalers were up north : inuit memories from the Eastern arctic
"Before commercial whaling was outlawed in the 1980s, diplomats, scientists, bureaucrats, environmentalists, and sometimes even whalers themselves had attempted to create an international regulatory framework that would allow for a sustainable whaling industry. In Whales and Nations, Kurkpatrick Dorsey tells the story of the international negotiation, scientific research, and industrial development behind these efforts--and their ultimate failure. Whales and Nations begins in the early twentieth century, when new technology revived the fading whaling industry and made whale hunting possible on an unprecedented scale. By the 1920s, declining whale populations prompted efforts to develop 'rational'--what today would be called sustainable--whaling practices. But even though almost everyone involved with commercial whaling knew that the industry was on an unsustainable path, Dorsey argues that powerful economic, political, and scientific forces made failure nearly inevitable. Based on a deep engagement with diplomatic history, Whales and Nations provides a unique perspective on the challenges facing international conservation projects. This history has profound implications for today's pressing questions of global environmental cooperation and sustainability. Kurkpatrick Dorsey is associate professor of history at the University of New Hampshire; 'This important book is essential for understanding the formation of the first global environmental agreements. It is valuable both as an argument about the failures of sustainability and as an authoritative guide to the people and issues behind the rise of global environmental awareness in the twentieth century'--Jacob Darwin Hamblin, author of Arming Mother Nature; 'Whales and Nations offers a fresh and timely look at the intersection of the twentieth-century whaling industry, international diplomacy, and science and is an important contribution to a topic that loomed very large in the environmental movement at a critical point in its development. It's also a great read'--Helen M. Rozwadowski, University of Connecticut, Avery Point; 'The international politics of whaling underwent seismic shifts over the course of the twentieth century, reflecting complex changes in attitudes toward marine mammals and environmental protection worldwide. This important story has never been better told than in Kurkpatrick Dorsey's new book, which is likely to be the standard work on this subject for a long time to come'--William Cronon"--
Arctic whaling adventures
The South Sea Whaler : an annotated bibliography of published historical, literary and art material relating to whaling in the Pacific Ocean in the nineteenth century
Photgraphic guide to the marine mammals of the North Atlantic
The secret world of whales
Marine mammal research : conservation beyond crisis
North Atlantic killer whales
Mammals of Russia and adjacent regions. Baleen whales
Narwhals : Arctic whales in a melting world
The day the whale came : the true story of a long-distance swimmer, a lost whale and their extraordinary encounter
Whales
Discovering whales, dolphins & porpoises
The whale who saved us
Whales of the world
Whales and elephants in international conservation law and politics : a comparative study
Adventures of sea
Whale is stuck
The whale caller
Beachy and me
I wonder why whales sing and other questions about sea life
Swimming with dolphins : a healing experience
Where's the starfish?
Songs from the deep : Le chant des baleines
The anthropology of community-based whaling in Greenland : a collection of papers submitted to the International Whaling Commission
Herman Melville's Moby-Dick : a documentary volume
Mark Carwardine's guide to whalewatching : Britain and Europe
The sensory physiology of aquatic mammals
Whale nation
Great migrations : whales
White whales of the White Sea
The North Atlantic gray whale (Eschrichtius robustus) : an historical outline based on Icelandic, Danish-Icelandic, English and Swedish sources dating from ca 1000 AD to 1792
Mitsuaki Iwago's whales
Hunting the largest animals : native whaling in the Western Arctic and Subarctic
Whales and whale watching in Iceland
The whale rider
Draw 50 sharks, whales and other sea creatures : the step-by-step way to draw great white sharks, killer whales, barracudas, seahorses, seals and more
The movements of fin and blue whales within the antarctic zone
Free Willy. 2
Whales, dolphins and seals : a field guide to the marine mammals of the world
The effects of noise on aquatic life
The complete whale-watching handbook  : a guide to whales, dolphins, and porpoises of the world
The snail and the whale
Proceedings of the 1st Atlantic Islands Neogene International Congress, 12-14 June 2006, Sao Miguel, Azores, Portugal
Relax with the sounds of nature : song of the whales
The whales' song = El canto de las ballenas
Whale watching : in Australian & New Zealand waters
Marine mammals : evolutionary biology
Water sings blue : ocean poems
Icelandic whales : past and present
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
The longest whale song
Blackfish
Whales & nations : environmental diplomacy on the high seas
Whaling and history : perspectives on the evolution of the industry
National Audubon Society Field guide to North American fishes, whales, and dolphings
Octopus's garden
Whales' bones of the Nordic countries, Central and Eastern Europe
Dolphins at 10 o'clock! : researching whale watching as a form of ecotourism with applications for Hong Kong
Mighty giants of the wild
Leviathan : or the whale
Deadly pole to pole
Monstrous fishes and the Mead-Dark Sea : whaling in the medieval North Atlantic
"Whaling has become one of the most controversial environmental issues. It is not that all whale species are at the brink of extinction, but that whales have become important symbols to both pro- and anti-whaling factions and can easily be appropriated as the common heritage of humankind. This book, the first of its kind, is therefore not about whales and whaling per se but about how people communicate about whales and whaling. It contributes to a better understanding and discussion of controversial environmental issues: Why and how are issues selected? How is knowledge on these issues produced and distributed by organizations and activists? And why do affluent countries like Japan and Norway still support whaling, which is of insignificant economic importance? Basing his analysis on fieldwork in Japan and Norway and at the International Whaling Commission, the author argues how an image of a "superwhale" has been constructed and how this image has replaced meat and oil as the important whale commodity. He concludes that the whaling issue provides an arena where NGOs and authorities on each side can unite, swapping political legitimacy and building personal relations that can be useful on issues where relations are less harmonious." -Provided by publisher.
Report on Cetacea stranded on the British coasts from 1948 to 1966
