http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9983 exegetics
exegetics
The call of Isaiah : an exegetical and comparative study
The Bible : the basics
Jesus' teaching on prayer
Rhetorical criticism of the New Testament
In Clement's Biblical Exegesis scholars from six countries explore various facets of Clement of Alexandria's hermeneutical theory and his exegetical practice. Although research on Clement has tended to emphasize his use of philosophical sources, Clement was important not only as a Christian philosopher, but also as a pioneer Christian exegete. His works constitute a crucial link in the tradition of Alexandrian exegesis, but his biblical exegesis has received much less attention than that of Philo or Origen. Topics discussed include how Clement's methods of allegorical interpretation compare with those of Philo, Origen, and pagan exegetes of Homer, and his readings of particular texts such as Proverbs, the Sermon on the Mount, John 1, 1 John, and the Pauline letters.
The vitality of enjoyment in Qohelet's theological rhetoric
Double narratives in the Old Testament : the foundations of method in biblical criticism
New Testament theology : many witnesses, one Gospel
Changing paradigms in biblical criticism : 2 Kings 22:1-23:30 in the flux of discourses
The exalted servant : patterns of redemption in the Fourth Gospel : an experiment in structural analysis
The Pericope Adulterae, the Gospel of John, and the literacy of Jesus
Matthean sets of parables
To break every yoke : essays in honor of Marvin L. Chaney
Purpose and cause in Pauline exegesis : Romans 1.16-4.25 and a new approach to the letters
Jeremiah in Matthew's Gospel : the rejected-prophet motif in Matthaean redaction
Reading the Bible with the dead : what you can learn from the history of exegesis that you can't learn from exegesis alone
The legacy of Israel in Judah's Bible : history, politics, and the reinscribing of tradition
Eleven years of Bible bibliography : the book lists of The society for Old Testament study 1946-46
John : evangelist of the covenant people : the narrative & themes of the fourth Gospel
The theology of the book of Amos
Focusing on Paul : persuasion and theological design in Romans and Galatians
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus’ saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
"My beloved brothers and sisters!" : a study of the meaning and function of Christian siblingship in Paul, in its Greco-Roman and Jewish context
Justification by faith in the letters of Saint Paul : keys to interpretation
Being there: the function of the supernatural in Acts 1-12
The book of Acts is a remarkable fusion of the historical and theological, and its account of the early church has fascinated theologians and biblical scholars for centuries. Just who was the author of this work? And what kind of book did he write? How do we classify its genre? The Acts of the Apostles provides an advanced introduction to the study of Acts, covering important questions about authorship, genre, history and theology. Osvaldo Padilla explores fresh avenues of understanding by examining the text in light of the most recent research on the book of Acts itself, philosophical hermeneutics, genre theory and historiography. In addition, Padilla opens a conversation between the text of Acts and postliberal theology, seeking a fully-orbed engagement with Acts that is equally attuned to questions of interpretation, history and theology.
The New Testament library. Luke : a commentary
Israel. III-IV: its life and culture
The hope of glory : education and exhortation in the Epistle to the Colossians
History of biblical interpretation. Vol. 2, From late antiquity to the end of the Middle Ages
Charismatic succession : a study on Origen's consept of prophecy
Mark B. Stephens investigates the cosmic eschatology of Revelation, with a particular focus on the question of continuity and discontinuity. He shows that the imagery and auditions of Revelation communicate both judgement upon the present order of creation, and yet at the same time the eschatological renewal of all things.
The life and ministry of Jesus
"In this refreshingly unique book, Bruce Longenecker demonstrates that reading Luke's narrative is richly enhanced through attentiveness to what is tantalizingly left out of the Lukan narrative. In Hearing the Silence, the reader is invited to delve deeply into literary and theological dimensions of the Lukan narrative through an exploration of Jesus' strangely under-narrated "escape" in Luke 4:30. The options for interpreting the mechanics of that curious event are brought into dramatic relief by Longenecker's survey of the scene's reconstruction in Jesus-novels and Jesus-films, in which a variety of strategies have been employed to iron out the scene's narrative oddity. Against their backdrop, Longenecker's own constructive proposals bring the reader into direct contact with some of the most significant features of the Lukan Gospel and worldview." -- Publisher's description.
Many things in parables : Jesus and his modern critics
Paul and Jesus : collected essays
From Priestly Torah to Pentateuch : a study in the composition of the book of Leviticus
"Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible examines the Hebrew Bible's use of pollution language to characterize sexual relationships. Eva Feinstein argues that descriptions of female pollution reflect a view of women as sexual property, while descriptions of male pollution relate to Israel's holiness. The book enables a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
The parables : their literary and existential dimension
Handbook to exegesis of the New Testament
Sociology and the Jesus movement
The two-volume Oxford Encyclopedia of Biblical Interpretation (OEBI) will fill a crucial need in the field of biblical studies by providing detailed, comprehensive treatments of the latest approaches to and methods for interpretation of the Bible written by expert practitioners. It will provide a single source for authoritative reference overviews of scholarship on some of the most important topics of study in the field of biblical studies. As with all high quality reference works, it provides a solid foundation that students and scholars can use to orientate themselves before venturing into original research. The Encyclopedia will contain nearly 120 entries, ranging in length from 3,000 to 5,000 words. It will be organized in an A-to-Z format. Each entry will be signed, contain a bibliography for further reading, and will be cross-referenced to other useful points of interest within the Encyclopedia. It will also feature a topical outline of contents and an extensive index.
Historical criticism and theological interpretation of scripture : toward a hermeneutics of consent
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 125, Commentary on Matthew
The gospel of St Matthew
Virgin birth? : The real story of Mary and her son Jesus
The Corinthian body
Studies in the text and theology of the Book of lamentations with a critical edition of the Peshitta text
What the Bible really tells us : the essential guide to biblical literature
The New Testament library. Revelation : a commentary
"Unprotected texts will directly and pointedly address widely shared misconceptions about biblical writings and sex, arguing that the Bible cannot--and should not--serve as a rulebook for sexual morality, despite popular claims to the contrary. This is a major book by a top biblical scholar that will shed much-needed light on what the Bible actually says about sex, desire, monogamy, homosexuality, and how we should interpret those thorny verses today. Written over the course of more than 2,000 years, the books of the Bible offer many different-and conflicting-versions of sexual morality. With clarity and precision, Knust addresses the big questions people continue to ask when it comes to sex and the Bible: Is pre-marital sex a sin? When, and in what contexts, is sexual desire appropriate? With whom can I legitimately have sex? Are same-sex relations permissible? What about multiple partners? Is extra-marital sex always wrong? And what is "sex" anyway? With repeated "ah-ha" moments for the reader, Knust reveals what the Bible really says about a topic of perennial interest".
Jesus and the powers : conflict, covenant, and the hope of the poor
Teaching with authority : miracles and Christology in the Gospel of Mark. Edwin K. Broadhead
Introduction to the Old testament : With a comprehensive rewiev of Old testament studies and a special supplement on the Apocrypha
Israel. I-II : its life and culture
A blemished perfection : the Book of Job in context
Iohannes Scottus Eriugena : the Bible and hermeneutics : proceedings of the ninth International Colloquium of the Society for the Promotion of Eriugenian Studies held at Leuven and Louvain-la-Neuve June 7-10, 1995
Gospels of the marginalized : the redemption of doubting Thomas, Mary Magalene, and Judas Iscariot in early Christian literature
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Annihilation or renewal? : the meaning and function of new creation in the book of Revelation
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
Brief introduction to the Old Testament : the Hebrew Bible in its context
Bibliographies for biblical research : New Testament series in twenty-one volumes. Vol. 7, 1 Corinthians
The book of Daniel : in the light of new findings
Bibliographies for biblical research : New Testament series in twenty-one volumes. Vol. 8, 2 Corinthians
Reading the Bible in the Middle Ages
"Have you seen, Son of Man?" : a study in the translation and Vorlage of LXX Ezekiel 40-48
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Paul and Gnosis is a collection of cutting-edge essays that deal with a broad spectrum of ideas regarding Paul and knowledge. Topics include Paul and his use of "knowledge" words, Paul's knowledge of key ideas, and his relationship to Gnosticism.
Exegetical method : a student's handbook
Das Böse, der Teufel und Dämonen = Evil, the Devil, and demons
Hauptbeschreibung Matthean Parables have often been read through the lens of their Synoptic parallels, which has, for instance, led to the claim that Matthew does not have a parable theory of its own. Peter Yaw Oppong-Kumi offers a careful and detailed analysis of the three parabolic compositions in the Gospel of Matthew. He presents a new approach to Matthew's parables and calls for a reading of the gospel that frees it from the ""dependency"" of its sources. Through meticulous study the author shows the interconnectedness of Matthew's parable compositions through their common theo.
A short introduction to the Hebrew Bible and Deutero-Canonical books
Ancient Christian commentary on Scripture : New Testament. 2, Mark
Sexual pollution in the Hebrew Bible
Academic constraints in rhetorical criticism of the New Testament : an introduction to a rhetoric of power
Paul and the rhetoric of reconciliation : an exegetical investigation of the language and composition of 1 Corinthians
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Studies in the Apocalypse : being lectures delivered before the University of London
Reception theory and biblical hermeneutics
Clement's biblical exegesis : proceedings of the Second Colloquium of Clement of Alexandria (Olomouc, May 29-31, 2014)
Genesis 15 : a theological compendium of Pentateuchal history
In this volume, Bradley R. Trick argues that Hellenistic testamentary adoption provides the key to understanding Abrahamic descent and its implications for the law in Galatians. By thoroughly analyzing the Greco-Roman and Jewish contexts of Paul's references to testaments/covenants (deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaalphaiota) and adoption, Trick establishes that Gal 3-4 portrays the Abrahamic deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaeta as a Hellenistic testament through which God adopts Abraham. This insight enables a coherent and collectively consistent interpretation of Paul's Abrahamic appeals to emerge, one in which "sons" (3:7) designates Jews, "children of promise" (4:28) designates gentiles, and "seed" designates Christ (3:16) and the interdependent union of Jews and gentiles in Christ (3:29). The need to preserve the singularity of this seed then grounds God's giving of the law.
Introduction to the Hebrew Bible
History and ideology in the Old Testament : biblical studies at the end of a millennium
New Testament abstracts : Version 1.0. Volumes 32-42, 1988-1998
Hildegard of Bingen and her gospel homilies : speaking new mysteries
Understanding biblical theology : a comparison of theory and practice
"This book applies philosophical hermeneutics to biblical studies. Whereas traditional studies of the Bible limit their analysis to the exploration of the texts' original historical sense, this book discusses how to move beyond these issues to a consideration of biblical texts' existential significance for the present. In response to the rejection of biblical significance in the late nineteenth century and the accompanying crisis of nihilism, B. H. McLean argues that the philosophical thought of Heidegger, Bultmann, Gadamer, Habermas, Ricoeur, Levinas, Deleuze, and Guattari provides an alternative to historically oriented approaches to biblical interpretation. He uses basic principles drawn from these philosophers' writings to create a framework for a new "post-historical" mode of hermeneutic inquiry that transcends the subject-based epistemological structure of historical positivism".
On reincarnation the Gospel according to Paul : an interpretive matrix explaining Romans
Behind the Gospels : understanding the oral tradition
The new covenant in Hebrews
Biblejskie issledovaniâ. Evrejskaâ mysl' : materialy Šestoj Ežegodnoj Meždunarodnoj Meždisciplinarnoj konferencii po iudaike = Biblical studies. Jewish Thought : proceedings of the Sixth Annual International Interdisciplinary Conference on Jewish Studies
History debated : the historical reliability of Chronicles in pre-critical and critical research
The religion of ancient Israel
1 and 2 Samuel : an introduction and commentary
Jewish-Christian interpretation of the Pentateuch in the pseudo-Clementine homilies
The ascension of the apostle and the Heavenly Book
"The concepts of purity and pollution are fundamental to the worldview reflected in the Hebrew Bible yet the ways that biblical texts apply these concepts to sexual relationships remain largely overlooked. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible argues that the concept of pollution is rooted in disgust and that pollution language applied to sexual relations expresses a sense of bodily contamination resulting from revulsion. Most texts in the Hebrew Bible that use pollution language in sexual contexts reflect a conception of women as sexual property susceptible to being "ruined" for particular men through contamination by others. In contrast, the Holiness legislation of the Pentateuch applies pollution language to men who engage in transgressive sexual relations, conveying the idea that male bodily purity is a prerequisite for individual and communal holiness.Sexual transgressions contaminate the male body and ultimately result in exile when the land vomits out its inhabitants. The Holiness legislation's conception of sexual pollution, which is found in Leviticus 18, had a profound impact on later texts. In the book of Ezekiel, it contributes to a broader conception of pollution resulting from Israel's sins, which led to the Babylonian exile. In the book of Ezra, it figures in a view of the Israelite community as a body of males contaminated by foreign women. Yet the idea of female pollution rooted in a view of women as sexual property persisted alongside the idea of male pollution as an impediment to holiness. Eva Feinstein illuminates why the idea of pollution adheres to particular domains of experience, including sex, death, and certain types of infirmity. Sexual Pollution in the Hebrew Bible allows for a more thorough understanding of sexual pollution, its particular characteristics, and the role that it plays in biblical literature"--
Philosophical hermeneutics and biblical exegesis
The Corinthian correspondence
Local knowledge, global stage
Since the rise of critical biblical study in the nineteenth century there has been a revolution in the way that we interpret the Bible and in the methods we employ to facilitate our reading. Professor John Barton has been a major recent influence upon such developments and this volume, written by friends, former doctoral students and colleagues, reflects upon his contribution. A generation of scholars has engaged with, adopted and further developed Professor Barton's nuanced and careful explication of method, as exemplified particularly in his book Reading the Old Testament: Method in Biblical Study. This volume is a tribute to his pioneering influence upon our field. The book divides into two parts. In the first, 'Revisiting Older Approaches', older methods in biblical studies such as source criticism and textual criticism are reviewed, both as methods and in relation to worked examples. In the second part, entitled 'Breaking the Mould', newer types of criticism such as sociological, feminist and post-colonial readings are explored, again in relation to particular texts and examples. The book asks questions about the benefits and shortcomings of the methodological tools in our biblical critical tool-box and about the way texts are themselves brought to life in ever fresh interpretative and often interdisciplinary contexts. An array of distinguished contributors comes together in this volume to pay tribute to the honorand and to explore from a diversity of angles that ever intriguing, ever 'new' book - the Bible.
The book of Genesis : a biography
What they don't tell you : a survivor's guide to biblical studies
Commentary on the Revelation of Saint John
This title offers an introduction to one of the core methods of approaching biblical texts. "Historical Critical Analysis" is the main way in which the Bible (both the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament and the New Testament) has been examined and read by scholars in the last century. The term refers to a range of methodologies which examine the origins of biblical texts, in relation to other contemporaneous texts, to form critical approaches and to questions of authorship, audience and authenticity. The aim is to get as close to the 'original text' and its 'original meaning' as possible. For many years "Historical Critical Method" has been the cornerstone upon which biblical scholarship is built, even as modern studies examine other theoretical approaches to reading the text in history, tradition, and from different audience perspectives "The Historical Critical Method" still presents the crucial starting point for students and scholars. "Continuum's Guides for the Perplexed" are clear, concise and accessible introductions to thinkers, writers and subjects that students and readers can find especially challenging - or indeed downright bewildering. Concentrating specifically on what it is that makes the subject difficult to grasp, these books explain and explore key themes and ideas, guiding the reader towards a thorough understanding of demanding material.
A brief introduction to the New Testament
The heavenly trumpet : John Chrysostom and the art of Pauline interpretation
New Testament theology : magnifying God in Christ
Hearing the silence : Jesus on the edge and God in the gap : Luke 4 in narrative perspective
Paul and the law in the arguments of Galatians : a rhetorical and exegetical analysis of Galatians 2,14-6,2
Discourse analysis of Biblical literature : what it is and what it offers
Contextual Bible study
Soldiers in Luke-Acts : engaging, contradicting, and transcending the stereotypes
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 123, Commentary on the Apocalypse
Justice and history in the Old Testament : the evolution of divine retribution in the historiographies of the wilderness generation
Whose Bible is it anyway?
Christ in the Psalms
The historical Jesus in the twentieth century , 1900-1950
Confronting creation : how Judaism reads Genesis : an anthology of Genesis rabbah
New Testament theology : exploring diversity and unity
The language of symbolism : biblical theology, semantics, and exegesis
New Testament rhetoric : an introductory guide to the art of persuasion in and of the New Testament
Chasing the eastern star : adventures in biblical reader-response criticism
Intercultural hermeneutics in Africa : methods and approaches
Studies on 2 Corinthians
The text of the Old Testament : an introduction to the Biblia Hebraica
A manual of textual analysis
Transforming graduate biblical education : ethos and discipline
History debated : the historical reliability of Chronicles in pre-critical and critical research. Vol. 2
The Bible : the biography
"In modern times Amos has come to be considered one of the most important prophets, mainly for his uncompromising message about social justice. This book provides a detailed exploration of this theme and other important elements of the theology underlying the book of Amos. It also includes chapters on the text itself, providing a critical assessment of how the book came to be, the original message of Amos and his circle, which parts of the book may have been added by later scribes, and the finished form of the book. The author also considers the book,Ŵs reception in ancient and modern times by interpreters as varied as rabbis, the Church Fathers, the Reformers, and liberation theologians. Throughout, the focus is on how to read the book of Amos holistically to understand the organic development of the prophet,Ŵs message through the many stages of the book,Ŵs development and interpretation"--Provided by publisher.
Mark & method : new approaches in biblical studies
The Hebrew Bible : a comparative approach
The international critical commentary on the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. A critical and exegetical commentary on Lamentations
Biblical interpretation and philosophical hermeneutics
Paul's letter to the Romans : a commentary
Luther on faith and love : Christ and the law in the _535 Ga_atians commentary
The Book of Wisdom in modern research : studies on tradition, redaction and theology
The making of Colossians : a study on the formation and purpose of Deutero-Pauline letter
Windows on Jesus : methods in Gospel exegesis
James and the Q sayings of Jesus
Journal for the study of the Old Testament
The beloved disciple : whose witness validates the Gospel of John?
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 117, Commentary on Matthew
Jacob : unexpected patriarch
Paul, Moses and the history of Israel : the letter/spirit contrast and the argument from Scripture in 2 Corinthians 3
The Book of Job : its origin, growth and interpretation together with a new translation based on a revised text
Lady wisdom, Jesus, and the sages : metaphor and social context in Matthew's Gospel
Hebrew Bible/Old Testament : the history of its interpretation
Methods, theories, imagination : social scientific approaches in biblical studies
Greek patristic and eastern orthodox interpretations of Romans
Paul and Gnosis
Bibliographies for biblical research : New Testament series in twenty-one volumes. Vol. 9, Galatians
Friendship and finances in Philippi : the letter of Paul to the Philippians
Sinning in the Hebrew Bible : how the worst stories speak for its truth
Text and transmission : an empirical model for the literary development of Old Testament narratives
The Bible as rhetoric : studies in biblical persuasion and credibility
Subject to whose authority? : Multiple readings of Romans 13:1-7
A Pentecostal hermeneutic : spirit, scripture, and community
Scriptural interpretation in the Fathers : letter and spirit
Congress volume : Cambridge 1995
A short introduction to the Hebrew Bible
The historical-critical method : a guide for the perplexed
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
By what methods and to what extent can we establish the original text of the Hebrew Bible?
Opening up the Scriptures : Joseph Ratzinger and the foundations of biblical interpretation
The gospel of St Luke
Key events in the life of the historical Jesus : a collaborative exploration of context and coherence
The Chronicler as historian
The gospel of St Mark
The Bible and the church fathers : the liturgical context of patristic exegesis
A Brief introduction to the Old Testament: The Hebrew Bible in its context is a concise and updated version of Michael D. Coogan's best-selling The Old Testament: A Historical and literary introduction to the Hebrew scriptures. Like the longer text, it takes a historical and literary approach to exploring the Hebrew Bible. It begins with two introductory chapters - one on the composition of the Old Testament and one on the geography and history of the ancient Near East and how it influenced the Hebrew Bible - in order to give students the preliminary background necessary to prepare for analysis of the biblical texts "in context." Then, with this context as a framework and additional historical and geographical information where necessary, Coogan presents the story of the Hebrew Bible. Relying on internal evidence, scholarly consensus, and current scholarship, he deals in detail with Ancient Near Eastern sources and archaeological data while also introducing readers to literary analysis and other interpretive strategies. For comparison, he also looks at other writings from the ancient Near East to give students a thorough and balanced introduction. An appendix on the apocryphal/deuterocanonical books is included. Designed to be engaging and accessible to students of all backgrounds, each chapter begins with a short introduction connecting the chapter to the preceding material and previewing the material to come, and ends with "A Look Back and Ahead," summarizing key points and linking the chapter to the rest of the book. Boxes, strategically placed, appear throughout with useful supplementary information. Additional pedagogical features appear at the end of each chapter: Questions for review, which reinforce material and foster discussion; and important terms, boldfaced at their first appearance and defined in the glossary at the end of the book. A general bibliography also appears at the end of the book, with more specific annotated bibliographies appearing at the end of each chapter. A brief introduction to the Hebrew Bible is further enhanced by maps, line drawings, timelines, a full color photo insert, and seventy photographs and illustrations. A companion website and an instructor's manual in both print and CD formats accompany the text.
An introduction to the New Testament : history, literature, theology
Jesus after two thousand years : what he really said and did
New international dictionary of New Testament theology and exegesis
New covenant, new community : the significance of biblical and patristic covenant theology for current understanding
Paul and his interpreters : a critical history
Unlocking the bible
Biblical exegesis : a beginner's handbook
Sex, wives, and warriors : reading Old Testament narrative with its ancient audience
The Acts of the Apostles : interpretation, history, and theology
Abrahamic descent, testamentary adoptation, and the law in Galatians : differentiating Abraham's sons, seed, and children of promise
Dissertatio academica, emphasin similitudinum nonnullarum Sacri Codicis e regno animali exhibens, cujus partem posteriorem suffragante ampliss. facult. philos. in Regia ad Auram Academia, praeside, viro maxime reverendo atque celeberrimo, dn. Carolo Abrah. Clewberg, l. l. o. o. & graec. profess. reg. & ord. Nec non facult. philos. h. t. decan. max. spect. Pro laurea publicae bonorum censurae subjicit David P. Starck, Wiburgensis. D. XXVII. Jun. anni MDCCLVII. in aud. major. h. a. m. s.
Interpreting the parables : a hermeneutical guide to their meaning
Biblical interpretation and method : essays in honour of John Barton
The face of Christ in the Old Testament
Text and logos : the humanistic interpretation of the New Testament
The international critical commentary on the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. A critical and exegetical commentary on the Epistle of James
From text to performance : narrative and performance criticisms in dialogue and debate
The Oxford handbook of the Psalms
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
Reading the New Testament : contemporary approaches
Mélanges Johs. Pedersen. Fasc. 2, The body and eternal life
The first letter to the Corinthians
Mélanges Johs. Pedersen. Fasc. 1, Text II K from Ras Shamra
Currents in biblical research
Jesus and Jewish covenant thinking
Put on the armour of God : the divine warrior from Isaiah to Ephesians
The Oxford encyclopedia of biblical interpretation. Volume 2, Metaphor theory and biblical texts - womanist interpretation, Topical outline of contents, Directory of contributors, Index
The New Testament library. Ephesians : a commentary
Hebrew Bible / Old Testament. 1.1, Torah
The new covenant : [a devotional study of the blood of Christ]
An introduction to the history of Israel and Judah
Dissertatio philologica, de lingua Novi Testamenti graeca, quam, consensu ampliss. ordinis philosoph. in Regia Academia Upsaliensi, praeside ... mag. Gabriele Mathesio, graec. liter. profess. reg. et ordinar. h. t. decano max. spectabili, in audit. carol. maj. die XVIII Maji, pro gradu, examinandam modeste sistit alumnus Stieglerianus, Ericus Br. Hesselgren, Stockholmiensis
Essays in New Testament interpretation
The common future of Luther and Biblical Studies
The Gospel of John and the sociology of light : language and characterization in the fourth Gospel
Unprotected texts : the Bible's surprising contradictions about sex and desire
