http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9984 Bible interpretation
Bible interpretation
The first Epistle to the Corinthians
The Bible, the Reformation and the church : essays in honour of James Atkinson
In Adam's Dust and Adam's Glory, Nicholas A. Meyer challenges the scholarly reconstruction of a traditional theological framework of creation, fall, and restoration in order to comprehend the pessimistic anthropologies of the Hodayot and the letters of Paul. Meyer argues that too little notice has been paid to the fact that this literature problematizes ordinary humanity by way of original humanity--its sexuality, its earthly physicality, its spiritual-moral frailty--and that these texts look not for the restoration of human nature as determined in creation, but rather for its transformation. Setting aside the traditional threefold framework, the author offers an innovative and comprehensive reading of the use of traditions of anthropogony, including the glory of Adam and the image of God, in this literature.
In this important collection of essays by the leading theorist of form, Martin Buss presents in Part I, Steps toward a New Form Criticism, several essays that view forms as complexes of relations that constitute possibilities. This relational approach to form criticism rejects, on the one hand, the idea that reality is at base only particular and, on the other hand, an essentialism that holds that forms are firmly structured and there is a single correct way to classify texts. In Part II, Interdisciplinary Ideas of Sitz im Leben, he shows how Gunkel's notion of Sitz im Leben, derived from his knowledge of other fields, made an impact on leading figures in several disciplines. They modified the notion, and their analyses became known to a number of biblical scholars. This cross-pollination introduced a new understanding of the notion of Sitz im Leben into biblical studies, which, in turn, was noted by scholars in other fields. An appendix to the volume reports relational approaches in several disciplines that provide a stimulus for relational form criticism. The volume has been edited by Nickie M. Stipe.
The many voices of the Bible
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
Paul and the rhetoric of reconciliation : an exegetical investigation of the language and composition of 1 Corinthians
Jewish New Testament : a translation of the New Testament that expresses its Jewishness
The Bible and liberation : political and social hermeneutics
Are you a disciple of Jesus?
Pesharim: a mirror of self-understanding
"As those who are taught" : the interpretation of Isaiah from the LXX to the SBL
The serpent's promise : the Bible retold as science
"In this refreshingly unique book, Bruce Longenecker demonstrates that reading Luke's narrative is richly enhanced through attentiveness to what is tantalizingly left out of the Lukan narrative. In Hearing the Silence, the reader is invited to delve deeply into literary and theological dimensions of the Lukan narrative through an exploration of Jesus' strangely under-narrated "escape" in Luke 4:30. The options for interpreting the mechanics of that curious event are brought into dramatic relief by Longenecker's survey of the scene's reconstruction in Jesus-novels and Jesus-films, in which a variety of strategies have been employed to iron out the scene's narrative oddity. Against their backdrop, Longenecker's own constructive proposals bring the reader into direct contact with some of the most significant features of the Lukan Gospel and worldview." -- Publisher's description.
The Bible as history in pictures
Postcolonial criticism and biblical interpretation
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
The books of Samuel : stories -- history -- reception history
A Commentary on the Psalms. Volume 3 (90-150)
A smaller God : on the divinely human nature of biblical literature
Righteousness of one : an evaluation of early patristic soteriology in light of the new perspective on Paul
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
Reading Zechariah with Zechariah 1:1-6 as the introduction to the entire book
Biblical faith and natural theology
Text and logos : the humanistic interpretation of the New Testament
Scriptural allusions and exegesis in the Hodayot
Bread not stone : the challenge of feminist biblical interpretation
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
The bitterness of Job : a philosophical reading
The book of Genesis
Intertextuality in Ugarit and Israel : papers read at the tenth joint meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and het Oudtestamentisch Werkgezelschap in Nederland en Belgie, held at Oxford, 1997
Calvin in context
Biblical interpretation in the early Church : an historical introduction to patristic exegesis
The eleven studies in this volume are connected by the conviction that God acts in history and that it remains necessary for biblical exegesis to integrate this into its methodology. Roland Deines presents historical and methodological considerations to trace how God was experienced within historical events and how such events inspired the formation of Scripture. Topics range from the Pharisees to Bar Kokhba, and from the historical Jesus to the Apostolic decrees, with Joseph Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI) on Jesus and Martin Hengel on Jesus' pre-existence and incarnation discussed as particular methodological examples. Roland Deines intends these studies to be contributions towards a theologically motivated historiography. His aim is to propose a viable reading of history under the assumption that the one God to whom the Holy Scriptures of the Jewish-Christian tradition bear witness is indeed the creator, sustainer and perfecter of this world and its history.
The interpretation of the New Testament 1861-1986
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
This volume contains a comprehensive evaluation of the hypothesis that the Gospel of Mark has been influenced by the theology of the apostle Paul. It discusses the history of this view from the nineteenth century to the modern day, analyses possible historical connections between the apostle and the evangelist, and compares and contrasts many major theological themes in both the epistles and the Gospel. This important collection of essays will be of major significance in the growing debate over Pauline influence on the Gospel of Mark.
The Bible in ethics : the second Sheffield colloquium
The Oxford handbook of the prophets
The postcolonial Bible
The wife of Jesus : ancient texts and modern scandals
Opening up the Scriptures : Joseph Ratzinger and the foundations of biblical interpretation
Joy Schroeder here provides substantial excerpts -- most previously unavailable in English -- from seven noteworthy medieval biblical interpreters who commented on Genesis between the ninth and the fifteenth centuries. Representing a chronological and geographical range of authors, these clear, readable translations illustrate the rich diversity of medieval approaches to biblical interpretation. This generous sampler of medieval writings is supplemented by an in-depth introduction that locates each of the medieval authors within his or her context. Covering the entire book of Genesis, this commentary offers modern readers a splendid opportunity to encounter the creative and reverent approaches to Scripture practiced by medieval biblical scholars.
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
The Old Testament, Christianity and pluralism
One of the world's leading feminist theologians demonstrates how reading the Bible can be spiritually and politically empowering for women.
Jesus the Seer : the progress of prophecy
The post-priestly pentateuch : new perspectives on its redactional development and theological profiles
What is the Bible? : the patristic doctrine of scripture
Origins of narrative : the romantic appropriation of the Bible
After Pentecost : language and biblical interpretation
Gospel and wisdom : Israel's wisdom literature in the Christian life
Cyprian and the Bible : a study in third-century exegesis
The authority of the Bible
Noli me tangere in interdisciplinary perspective : textual, iconographic and contemporary interpretations
Telling the  Good News
Jung and the interpretation of the Bible
Matthew's new David at the end of exile : a socio-rhetorical study of scriptural quotations
This stimulating collection of essays by prominent scholars honors Turid Karlsen Seim. Bodies, Borders, Believers brings together biblical scholars, ecumenical theologians, archeologists, classicists, art historians, and church historians, working side by side to probe the past and its receptions in the present. The contributions relate in one way or another to Seim's broad research interests, covering such themes as gender analysis, bodily practices, and ecumenical dialogue. The editors have brought together an international group of scholars, and among the contributors many scholarly traditions, theoretical orientations, and methodological approaches are represented, making this book an interdisciplinary and border-crossing endeavor. A comprehensive bibliography of Seim's work is included.
The Pentateuch lies at the heart of the Western humanities. Yet despite nearly two centuries of scholarship, its historical origins and its literary history are still a subject of intense discussion. Critical scholarship has isolated multiple layers of tradition, inconsistent laws, and narratives that could only have originated from separate communities within ancient Israel, and were joined together at a relatively late stage by a process of splicing and editing. In effect, a number of independent scholarly discourses have emerged. Each centers on the Pentateuch, each operates with its own set of working assumptions, and each is confident of its own claims. This volume seeks to stimulate international discussion about the Pentateuch in order to help the discipline move toward a set of shared assumptions and a common discourse.
God and the gay Christian : the biblical case in support of same-sex relationships
Decolonizing Biblical studies : a view from the margins
The good Samaritan : Secrets of the parables - 1 ; Ed Kessler
The impact of scripture in early Christianity
Jesus before Christianity
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
"This study considers the historical, cultural, and literary significance of some of the most important Ancient Near East (ANE) texts that illuminate the Hebrew Bible. Christopher B. Hays provides primary texts from the Ancient Near East with a comparison to literature of the Hebrew Bible to demonstrate how Israel's Scriptures not only draw from these ancient contexts but also reshape them in a unique way. Hays offers a brief introduction to comparative studies, then lays out examples from various literary genres that shed light on particular biblical texts. Texts about ANE law collections, treaties, theological histories, prophecies, ritual texts, oracles, prayers, hymns, laments, edicts, and instructions are compared to corresponding literature in the Pentateuch, Prophets, and Writings of the Hebrew Bible. The book includes summaries to help instructors and students identify key points for comparison. By considering the literary and historical context of other literature, students will come away with a better understanding of the historical, literary, and theological depth of the Hebrew Bible"--
Readings from the perspective of Earth
Matthew and mission : the Gospel through Jewish eyes
Today agreement regarding the formation of the Pentateuch is no longer as widespread as it was when the documentary hypothesis was first proposed. Numerous scholars find that more recent periods of Israelite history – the exilic and post-exilic periods – are more likely to have been behind important sections of the Pentateuch. This has resulted in a major shift in scholarship: no longer is the remote past of Israelite history the only era, or even the primary era, during which the Pentateuch came into formation. Rather, the development of the Pentateuch continued down into the Persian and Hellenistic periods. During these centuries, the post-exilic community brought together the texts of their own cultural heritage and blended these ancient stories with ex novo additions that reflected their current historical situation. The result was the Pentateuch as we know it today. This volume focuses on these final redactions included in the biblical text after the Priestly materials. The purpose of these final additions was to complete that which was deemed necessary to recount, as well as to update, reorient, and, sometimes, to correct older materials containing ideas that were no longer compatible with the post-exilic time of the editors.
In these chapters, a group of renowned international scholars seek to describe Paul and his work from "within Judaism," rather than on the assumption, still current after thirty years of the "New Perspective," that in practice Paul left behind aspects of Jewish living after his discovery of Jesus as Christ (Messiah). After an introduction that surveys recent study of Paul and highlights the centrality of questions about Paul's Judaism, chapters explore the implications of reading Paul's instructions as aimed at Christ-following non-Jews, teaching them how to live in ways consistent with Judaism while remaining non-Jews. The contributors take different methodological points of departure: historical, ideological-critical, gender-critical, and empire-critical, and examine issues of terminology and of interfaith relations. Surprising common ground among the contributors presents a coherent alternative to the "New Perspective." The volume concludes with a critical evaluation of the Paul within Judaism perspective by Terence L. Donaldson, a well-known voice representative of the best insights of the New Perspective.
Sharing her word : feminist biblical interpretation in context
Jesus of Nazareth and the Sabbath Commandment
Interpreting classical religious texts in contemporary Africa
Toledot Yeshu : the life story of Jesus : two volumes and database. Vol. 1, Introduction and translation
The Word leaps the gap : essays on Scripture and theology in honor of Richard B. Hays
The new faces of Christianity : believing the Bible in the global south
One text, a thousand methods : studies in memory of Sjef van Tilborg
Interpretations of the flood
Reading scripture with the rabbis : the Five books of Moses
Thiselton on hermeneutics : the collected writings of Anthony Thiselton
Isaiah's new exodus and Mark
Matthew crowds more Old Testament quotations and allusions into the prologue than anywhere else in his gospel. In this volume, Nicholas G. Piotrowski demonstrates the narratological and rhetorical effects of such frontloading. Particularly, seven formula-quotations constellate to establish a redemptive-historical setting inside of which the rest of the narrative operates. This setting is defined by Old Testament expectations for David's great son to end Israel's exile and rule the nations. Piotrowski contends that the rhetorical effect of this intertextual storytelling was to provide the Matthean community with an identity - in a contentious atmosphere - in terms of God's historical design for the ages, now fulfilled in Jesus and his followers.
Biblical interpretation from the church fathers to the Reformation
Homilies on Numbers
Studia patristica. 36, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : Critica et philologica ; Nachleben ; First two centuries ; Tertullian to Arnobius ; Egypt before Nicaea , Athanasius and his opponents
According to the scriptures : the origins of the gospel and of the church's Old Testament
Renewing biblical interpretation
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus’ saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
The handbook for spiritual warfare
Hearing the silence : Jesus on the edge and God in the gap : Luke 4 in narrative perspective
Academic constraints in rhetorical criticism of the New Testament : an introduction to a rhetoric of power
Reading the bible in the global village : Helsinki
Didymus the Blind and his circle in late-antique Alexandria : virtue and narrative in biblical scholarship
What's in a name? : a study of sobriquets in the Pesharim
Early Christian interpretation of the Scriptures of Israel : investigations and proposals
The publication of The Woman's Bible in 1895 and 1898 represented the feminist pioneer's last strike at the roots of the ideology behind her gender's subordinate role in society. In keeping with her characteristic radical individualism, Stanton attacks religious orthodoxy on a political rather than scholarly basis. This clarion call to action consists of a book-by-book examination of the Bible, placing events in their historical context, interpreting passages as both allegory and fact, and comparing them with the myths of other cultures. It endures as an extraordinary document because of the questions it addresses, the topics it covers, and its still-resonant sincerity. Unabridged republication of the classic two-volume edition of 1895 and 1898.
Inerrancy
Global Bible commentary
The seer : the life of the prophet Samuel and its relevance today
The eclipse of biblical narrative : a study in eighteenth and nineteenth century hermeneutics
Paul in Acts and Paul in his letters
Vital ministry issues : examining concerns and conflicts in ministry
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
Cracking the Bible code : [the real story of the stunning discovery of hidden knowledge in the first five books of the Bible]
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Reading the Gospels with the early church : a guide
An introduction to the New Testament
The formation of the Pentateuch : bridging the academic cultures of Europe, Israel, and North America
Final volume in acclaimed Psalms commentary by Allen P. Ross. For thousands of years, Psalms has been one of the richest resources for worship and development of the spiritual life. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing an understanding of Psalms and for improving one's ability to exposit it with precision and depth. This is the third of a three-volume commentary on Psalms.The commentary includes discussion throughout of the three primary challenges to understanding Psalms: - Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings.- Poetic language: The Psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices, and structures. Ross discusses this "language" of Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm.- Grammar and syntax: The Hebrew of Psalms poses a challenge to many expositors. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions and word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
"Behind" the text : history and biblical interpretation
The gospel and the poor
In light of the widely acknowledged phenomenon that Zechariah refers to previous Scripture, this thesis demonstrates that these references can significantly contribute to Zechariah's argument by drawing on Mikhail M. Bakhtin's insight of the dialogical orientation of words. The dialogical orientation of Zechariah's word with regard to previous Scripture and Zechariah's audience establishes Zechariah 1:1-6 as the introduction to the entire book. It also develops a theology of transition and of waiting. Seven case studies demonstrate that the call of Zechariah 1:3-4 sounds through the entire book. The call to be different from the ancestors in a time of waiting emphasizes the people's responsibility to live faithfully within the Sinai covenant. It also points to the prophetic function of the so-called apocalyptic notions in Zechariah and exhibits Zechariah's specific contribution to the Book of the Twelve, to the Old Testament and for the church.--Back cover.
Search the scriptures : a publication of Word of Truth Ministry
Last supper and Lord's supper
Paradise interpreted : representations of biblical paradise in Judaism and Christianity
Meditation on biblical medicine
Intercultural hermeneutics in Africa : methods and approaches
The Bible and the believer : how to read the Bible critically and religiously
The principles of Samaritan Bible exegesis
But she said : feminist practices of biblical interpretation
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Biblical approaches to pastoral counseling
Glory in our midst : a Biblical-theological reading of Zechariah's night visions
Lost & found & overpaid : Secrets of the parables - 2 ; Ed Kessler
Paul within Judaism : restoring the first-century context to the apostle
Short stories by Jesus : the enigmatic parables of a controversial rabbi
Hidden riches : a sourcebook for the comparative study of the Hebrew Bible and ancient Near East
Out of Egypt : biblical theology and biblical interpretation
A case for female deacons
A feminist companion to Mark
Marko Jauhiainen contributes to the ongoing discussion regarding the use of the Old Testament in Revelation by seeking to clarify the question of how exactly the book of Revelation uses the book of Zechariah. Undertaking a thorough examination of the links between the two documents, the author concludes that the number of allusions to Zechariah is significantly smaller than often maintained and that the exaggerated claims are at least partly traceable back to inadequate methodology. Yet John's use of Zechariah makes a significant contribution to Revelation. The burning issue for Zechariah was the coming restoration of God's people and John, firmly anchored in the Jewish prophetic tradition, brings closure to open, unfulfilled prophecies, offering his own vision as the final word on the question of when and how this restoration will take place.
Philosophical interpretations of the Old Testament
Revelations : personal responses to the books of the Bible
SCM studyguide to the Old Testament
The Bible and lay people : an empirical approach to ordinary hermeneutics
In Clement's Biblical Exegesis scholars from six countries explore various facets of Clement of Alexandria's hermeneutical theory and his exegetical practice. Although research on Clement has tended to emphasize his use of philosophical sources, Clement was important not only as a Christian philosopher, but also as a pioneer Christian exegete. His works constitute a crucial link in the tradition of Alexandrian exegesis, but his biblical exegesis has received much less attention than that of Philo or Origen. Topics discussed include how Clement's methods of allegorical interpretation compare with those of Philo, Origen, and pagan exegetes of Homer, and his readings of particular texts such as Proverbs, the Sermon on the Mount, John 1, 1 John, and the Pauline letters.
The least of my brothers : Matthew 25:31-46 : a history of interpretation
The "other" is my neighbour : developing an ecumenical response to migration
Old and new in interpretation : a study of the two Testaments
Biblical revelation and African beliefs
This volume explores historical, literary, and ideological dimensions of the books of the Latter Prophets of the Hebrew Bible—Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and the Book of the Twelve—along with Daniel. The prophetic books comprise oracles, narratives, and vision reports from ancient Israel and Judah spanning several centuries. Analysis of these texts sheds light on the cultural norms, theological convictions, and political disputes of Israelite and Judean communities in the shadow of the empires of ancient Egypt, Babylonia, and Persia. This Handbook features discussion of ancient Near Eastern social and cultic contexts; exploration of focused topics such as divination and other ritual practices of intermediation; textual criticism of the prophetic books, constructions of the persona of the prophet, and the problem of violence in prophetic rhetoric; historical and literary analysis of key prophetic texts; issues in reception history, from early reinterpretation of prophetic texts at Qumran and readings in rabbinic midrash to medieval ecclesial interpretations and modern Christian homiletical appropriations; and feminist, womanist, materialist, postcolonial, and queer readings of prophetic texts in conversation with contemporary theorists.
This is the first comprehensive study in the English language of the commentaries of Didymus the Blind, who was revered as the foremost Christian scholar of the fourth century and an influential spiritual director of ascetics. The writings of Didymus were censored and destroyed due to his posthumous condemnation for heresy. This study recovers the uncensored voice of Didymus through the commentaries among the Tura papyri, a massive set of documents discovered in an Egyptian quarry in 1941. This neglected corpus offers an unprecedented glimpse into the internal workings of a Christian philosophical academy in the most vibrant and tumultuous cultural center of late antiquity. By exploring the social context of Christian instruction in the competitive environment of fourth-century Alexandria, Richard A. Layton elucidates the political implications of biblical interpretation. Through detailed analysis of the commentaries on "Psalms", "Job", and "Genesis", the author charts a profound tectonic shift in moral imagination as classical ethical vocabulary becomes indissolubly bound to biblical narrative. Attending to the complex interactions of political competition and intellectual inquiry, this study makes a unique contribution to the cultural history of late antiquity. -- Review: "This book retrieves an important Christian thinker from neglect and obscurity. Layton's use of primary texts is exemplary, and his book makes a major contribution to several areas of scholarship--historical, theological, and philosophical." -- David Brakke, author of Athanasius and Asceticism
Voices from the margin : interpreting the Bible in the third world
God's empowering presence : the Holy Spirit in the letters of Paul
Defenseless flower : a new reading of the Bible
Early biblical interpretation
The revelatory text : interpreting the New Testament as sacred scripture
SCM studyguide to the books of the New Testament
The Acts of the Apostles : interpretation, history, and theology
SCM studyguide to New Testament interpretation
Next door Savior : near enough to touch, strong enough to trust
The use of Zechariah in Revelation
From text to performance : narrative and performance criticisms in dialogue and debate
Making sense of the Bible : literary type as an approach to understanding
Bodies, borders, believers : ancient texts and present conversations ; essays in honor of Turid Karlsen Seim on her 70th birthday
Decolonizing Yahweh : A Postcolonial Reading of 2 Kings 24-25
Paul and Mark : comparative essays. Part I, Two authors at the beginnings of christianity
Escaping from fundamentalism
Living and active : Scripture in the economy of salvation
Rhetorical texture and narrative trajectories of the Lukan Galilean ministry speeches : hermeneutical appropriation by authorial readers of Luke-acts
Reformation readings of the Apocalypse : Geneva, Zurich, and Wittenberg
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
The birth of modern critical theology : origins and problems of biblical criticism in the seventeenth century
Toward a science of translating : with special reference to principles and procedures involved in Bible translating
Models for scripture
The IVP womenś Bible commentary
The gay gospels : good new for LGBT people
History of biblical interpretation : a reader
Road trip : five adventures you're meant to live : a modern girl's Bible study
Clement's biblical exegesis : proceedings of the Second Colloquium of Clement of Alexandria (Olomouc, May 29-31, 2014)
The exalted servant : patterns of redemption in the Fourth Gospel : an experiment in structural analysis
The book of Acts is a remarkable fusion of the historical and theological, and its account of the early church has fascinated theologians and biblical scholars for centuries. Just who was the author of this work? And what kind of book did he write? How do we classify its genre? The Acts of the Apostles provides an advanced introduction to the study of Acts, covering important questions about authorship, genre, history and theology. Osvaldo Padilla explores fresh avenues of understanding by examining the text in light of the most recent research on the book of Acts itself, philosophical hermeneutics, genre theory and historiography. In addition, Padilla opens a conversation between the text of Acts and postliberal theology, seeking a fully-orbed engagement with Acts that is equally attuned to questions of interpretation, history and theology.
Reception theory and biblical hermeneutics
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
The Song of songs and the fashioning of identity in early Latin Christianity
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
The call of Isaiah : an exegetical and comparative study
Noli me tangere in Interdisciplinary Perspective: Textual, Iconographic and Contemporary Interpretations is a collection of 23 essays by an international group of contributors on one of the Bible's most influential iconic expressions. The prohibition expressed by the risen Jesus in John 20,17 has influenced Western culture in its Latin rendering as Noli me tangere. As such it became well-known in the visual arts and in literature. The Noli me tangere influenced philosophy and theology, theoretical discussion and practical action. This book's interdisciplinary character is reflected in the fact that it is subdivided into three parts which are of more or less equal length (see I. The Biblical Text and Its Textual Interpretation; II. The Biblical Text and Its Iconographic Interpretation; and III. The Biblical Text and Its Contemporary Interpretation). In its inter- and intra-disciplinary breadth this book could be seen as a window, a mirror and an icon. As a window, it opens up a perspective on the rich cultural and academic Wirkungsgeschichte the words of the Johannine Jesus in John 20:17, in particular in their Latin translation as Noli me tangere, have had. In this way it also documents a phase in the study of the subject. As a mirror, this book challenges the academic disciplines and in particular the scholars themselves by confronting them with their own social and historical location and the way this influences their own research. As an icon, this collection points beyond itself and reminds us that scholarship is not an island, but that in ever so implicit and indirect ways it is part of the human dream for a better world. This book is a witness to the ongoing ways in which the Noli me tangere in its Johannine context and beyond continues to create new meaning.
Fruit for the soul : Luther on the lament psalms
The reception of Paul in the first century is a highly debated issue. In this collection of essays, Daniel Marguerat defends the position of a threefold reception of Paul in parallel ways: documentary (the canon of Pauline writings), biographical (the book of Acts and the apocryphal Acts of the Apostles ) and doctoral (Deutero-Pauline and Pastoral Letters). Marguerat advocates that the value of the phenomena of reception be appreciated, in particular the figure of Paul in Acts. It should not systematically be compared to the apostle's writings, even though this image evolves from a Lukan reinterpretation. It actually gives us an aspect of Paul which forges the background of the epistolary literature, especially concerning his rapport with Judaism. The essays in this book concern the literary and theological construction of the narrative of Acts, focusing on the figure of Paul: his rapport with the Torah, the Socratic model, the Lukan character construction, the resurrection as a central theme in Acts, the significance of meals. In his analysis, Marguerat combines narratology and historical criticism. He is highly attentive to how Christology emerges as narrative Christology. Some of the essays treat classical or less classical themes of Pauline theology: Paul the mystic, the justification by faith, imitating Paul as father and mother of the community, and the affair of the woman's veil in Corinth. Concerning the statute of the Torah, Marguerat debates with the “New Perspective on Paul”. He also sheds a fresh light on less known aspects of the apostle: his mystic dimension and the emotional impact in his correspondence to the Thessalonians.
The Books of Samuel are an important source for the history of ancient Israel and a treasure not ony of Biblical literature, but of world literature. They deal with the first kings of Israel and the history of the 10th century BCE in Palestine, and they narrate of this time in an outstandingly artful way. In addition they set standards in the Biblical Jewish and Christian system of values, concerning the relationship between men and God, nation and people, power and law, war and peace, man and woman. The Books of Samuel have left their impact upon the arts over the centuries so that their reception history is exceptionally rich. Both early interpreters and modern scholars have discussed nearly every aspect of them. This volume contains contributions of leading scholars in the field as well as those of a new generation of exegetes. Questions are raised concerning the value of the Books of Samuel as historical source, the nature of their historical narrative, their literary composition, their literary-historical growth, their textual development (in the Masoretic text, in the Greek Septuagint, and in the writings of Qumran) and their reception history (in novels, music and arts). The volume embraces a wide range of approaches and methods and sheds light on a great number of texts and themes. Thus it represents the current state of inquiry and also raises new questions and views.
The Book of the Life of Jesus (in Hebrew Sefer Toledot Yeshu ) presents a “biography” of Jesus from an anti-Christian perspective. It ascribes to Jesus an illegitimate birth, a theft of the Ineffable Name, heretical activities, and finally a disgraceful death. Perhaps for centuries, Toledot Yeshu circulated orally until it coalesced into various literary forms. Although the dates of these written compositions remain obscure, some early hints of a Jewish counter-history of Jesus can be found in the works of Christian authors of Late Antiquity, such as Justin, Celsus, and Tertullian. Around 600 CE, some fragments of Jesus' “biography” made their way into the Babylonian Talmud; and in 827, archbishop Agobard of Lyon attests to a sacrilegious book about Jesus that circulated among Jews. In the Middle Ages, the book became the object and tool of an acrimonious controversy. Jews, Christians, and theists, such as Ibn Shaprut, Luther, and Voltaire, quoted and commented on Toledot Yeshu , trying to disprove the beliefs of their opponents and revealing their own prejudices. The narrative was translated into Latin and many vernacular languages and soon branched into numerous versions with only a few basic facts in common. The present publication provides researchers with reliable conclusions regarding the narrative's origin and evolution. In addition, the purchase of the volume offers full online access to a comprehensive database of Toledot Yeshu manuscripts, designed to encourage and facilitate further research about this important book in the history of Jewish-Christian polemics. All Hebrew and Aramaic manuscripts are edited in the present book and database: an unusual combination of a traditional critical edition with an electronic research tool. The database features a full-text search of all manuscripts as well as printing and downloading capabilities.
Biblical exegesis and the formation of Christian culture
Postcolonial reconfigurations : an alternative way of reading the Bible and doing  theology
Who will roll away the stone? : discipleship queries for first world Christians
Johannine faith and liberating community
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
"Wading lambs and swimming elephants" : the Bible for the laity and theologians in the late medieval and early modern era
Hermeneutical procedure and theological method in Origen's exegesis
Adam's dust and Adam's glory in the Hodayot and the letters of Paul : rethinking anthropogony and theology
The inspired word : Scripture in the light of language and literature
Essays in this volume describe the shift in biblical exegesis within the last several decades from the interpretation of biblical texts as the outcome of historical development, or diachronic methodology, to the exploration of the text as the result of a reading process rather than a historical process, or synchronic methodology. Each essay examines a text from the Old or New Testament through the lens of one of the many modern synchronic methods used in postmodern literary interpretation. The methods discussed include ideology criticism, semantic and poetic analysis, cognitive linguistics, drama theory, narratology, deconstruction, and anthropology and intertextuality. The authors of this work challenge biblical scholars not to just perform exegesis, but to explore the methods and aims underlying their interpretations. -- Review: 'It was quite a pleasure to read the volume, and in that sense this is a good reader or textbook to be used for the demonstration of new approaches in biblical studies, not only for students but also for scholars who want to get acquainted with some new approaches.' Raymond de Hoop, Review of Biblical Literature, 2006
In the footsteps of St. Paul : an academic symposium : papers presented at the Pauline Symposium October 11-16, 2008 under the auspices of His All Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew
The rabbinic "enumeration of scriptural examples" : a study of rabbinic pattern of discourse with special reference to Mekhilta D'R. Ishmael
Lament, death, and destiny
The Beloved and I : new jubilees version of sacred scripture with verse commentaries. Vol. 2
The Old Testament in fiction and film : on reversing the hermeneutical flow
The Bible : the biography
The Bible : its authority and interpretation in the ecumenical movement
The Bible after Babel : historical criticism in a postmodern age
New Testament
Study on the authority of the Bible
Wisdom ways : introducing feminist biblical interpretation
Commentary on the Torah : with a new English translation and the Hebrew text
Discovering the Bible in the non-biblical world
Understanding the Bible. 2
Das Böse, der Teufel und Dämonen = Evil, the Devil, and demons
The Bible at Qumran : text, shape and interpretation
The woman's Bible
Walking on the Way : biblical signposts
This monograph challenges the extremes of faith-based theological approaches and value-free historical-critical methods by pursuing the middle path of philosophical hermeneutics. Drawing on Eastern and Western philosophy, the author proposes original interpretive solutions to the Akedah, Jeremiah and other biblical texts. Readers will also gain fresh insights into problems of monotheism, religious faith and identity, suffering and modern ethics.
Acts of God in history : studies towards recovering a theological historiography
You are called!
Reclaiming the Hebrew Bible : German-Jewish reception of biblical criticism
From the preface: "...[T]he studies that comprise this book were designed to serve quite directly the purposes of those preaching on Zechariah's night visions. More broadly, however, our intention has been to cultivate among all the Lord's people an appreciation of the biblical-theological approach in the exploration of the treasures of God's saving truth in the Scriptures. What is presented here is then a biblical-theological reading of the prophetic visions of Zechariah 1-6. We try to grasp the significance of these visions in the light of their identity as part of the overall eschatological drama of the kingdom of God from creation to consummation, that eschatological reality on which they, in turn, are themselves a window. Though differing somewhat in form from the usual verse-by-verse commentary, this biblical-theological study is still presented as a work of rigorous exegesis, with fresh solutions suggested for the interpretation of some of the key exegetical puzzles with which the enigmatic but not unfathomable symbolism of these visions confronts us. Featured throughout the night visions is a remarkably rich revelation of the Messiah. Reflecting that, each of our chapters is entitled in terms of the office or redemptive act of Christ that is highlighted in the vision in view. Also conspicuous is the role of the Spirit in relation to the messianic mission, particularly in his identity as the theophanic Glory, the Glory-Spirit. This Glory of the heavenly presence of the triune God is indeed the dominant reality in Zechariah's visionary world. And central in the message of the night visions is the gospel promise that this Glory-Presence is vouchsafed to God's people, at last in eschatological fullness. Hence the title: Glory in Our Midst.
Women in the ministry of Jesus : a study of Jesus' attitudes to women and their roles as reflected in his earthly life
Exegesis and hermeneutics in the churches of the East : select papers from the SBL Meeting in San Diego, 2007
Encountering Jesus in the Gospels
To each its own meaning : an introduction to biblical criticisms and their application
The Bible in a world context : an experiment in contextual hermeneutics
The study of the Bible in the Middle Ages
Mr and Mrs Job
The Dead Sea scrolls : Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek texts with English translations. Vol. 4A, Pseudepigraphic and non-masoretic psalms and prayers
Contemporary biblical hermeneutics : an introduction
What the Bible really tells us : the essential guide to biblical literature
Suffering and God
A rabbi reads the Psalms
Unlocking the bible
In memory of her : a feminist theological reconstruction of Christian origins
Reading from this place. Vol. 2, Social location and biblical interpretation in global perspective
Justification by faith in the letters of Saint Paul : keys to interpretation
Handbook of biblical social values
The changing shape of form criticism : a relational approach
