http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9987 installation
installation
Assembly automation and product design
The power of the picture versus the wisdom of the word : a comparative study on the usability of installation manuals in written, illustrated and video formats
Linux bible : 2009 edition : boot up to Ubuntu, Fedora, KNOPPIX, Debian, SUSE, and 13 other distributions
Principles of machine operation and maintenance
A comprehensive guide to the design and manufacture of printed board assemblies. Vol. 1
Takalaitanostimet = Tail lifts : ajoneuvoihin asennettavat nostotasot = platform lifts for mounting on wheeled vehicles : turvallisuusvaatimukset = safety requirements. Osa 1 = Part 1, Tavaroiden nostoon käytettävät takalaitanostimet = Tail lifts for goods
Instrumenttiasennus = Instrument installation
Mechanical assemblies : their design, manufacture, and role in product development
Horizontal Directional Drilling
Linux® bible : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, SUSE®, and 13 other distributions
Linux system administration : a user's guide
Engines retrofit plan for straddle carriers : Goal is to achieve better emission classification
Robotic micro-assembly
Terence Conran's DIY by design
Professional Apache Tomcat
MCTS self-paced training kit (Exam 70-652) : configuring Windows Server Virtualization
Business justification for the implementation of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems in support of logistics – case company: JAT-Asennus Oy
MCSE guide to managing a Microsoft Windows server 2003 network, enhanced
PostgreSQL 8 for Windows
Machine devices and components : illustrated sourcebook
Fix your own computer for seniors for dummies
Adaptive, pneumatic gripper for assembly
Model course. 3.03, Survey of machinery installations
Ice : the definitive guide to in-car entertainment
Advanced electrical installation work
Microsoft Windows server 2003 deployment kit : a Microsoft resource kit
Energy Efficiency -  Assessment and  Analysis of  Energy Consumption at  TAMK Kuntokatu 3 Campus
Elements of plumbing
Fundamentals of programmable logic controllers, sensors and communications
The complete guide to floor décor : beautiful, long-lasting floors you can design & install
The beginner's guide to fixing your PC : how to solve the commonest computer problems
How to install a new diesel engine
Tietotekniikan yleiskaapelointi = Information technology : general cabling
Heat pumps : installation and troubleshooting
Collins plumbing and central heating
Installation of a numerical controlled milling machine and lathe machine
Introducing Windows Server 2012
Build your own car PC
Electrical installations handbook
Absolute beginner's guide to A+ certification
Mounting and dismounting of rolling bearings
Apache Jakarta Tomcat
Electrical installation calculations : advanced : for technical certificate and NVQ level 3
Frequency converter : a user-centred design study of usability problems
Using Microsoft Windows XP professional
PXE : Preboot Execution Environment
Installation of the Compact Express
Boat mechanical systems handbook : how to design, install, and evaluate mechanical systems in boats
Home automation : made easy : do it yourself know how using UPB, Insteon, X10 and Z-Wave
High voltage automotive wiring assembly design
From a utility resource to enabling change : Empower 10 years
Build your own computer
Stand-alone solar electric systems : the Earthscan expert handbook for planning, design, and installation
Optimization of wind farm installations
Photovoltaic design & installation for dummies
Design for assembly
Wiring systems and fault finding : for installation electricians
Wireless network site surveying and installation
The best damn server virtualization book period
Tuning : el arte de la modificación = the art of modification
ASAP : drum setup : learn drum setup the right way
Machine tools : specification, purchase and installation
Metalliset teollisuusputkistot = Metallic industrial piping. Osa 6 = Part 6, Maahan asennettavien putkistojen lisävaatimukset = Additional requirements for buried piping
Installation of closed loop fresh water wet scrubber system on M/S Gabriella
Getting started with Arduino
Designing plastic parts for assembly
Audio wiring guide : how to wire the most popular audio and video connectors
A textbook of manufacturing technology (manufacturing processes) : for B.E., B.Tech., A.M.I.E.-section B, diploma, and competitive examinations
The shock absorber handbook
This Bachelor's thesis was made in cooperation with Wärtsilä Finland Oy and Viking Line Abp. The thesis studies the installation of exhaust gas treatment technology to the M/S Gabriella and challenges brought by it. The thesis also reviews sulfur emission limits set by International Maritime Organization (IMO) for ships that operate inside SECA areas and ways to achieve these limits with exhaust gas treatment technology. Limitations come into force in January 2015. Wärtsilä Finland has developed equipment for exhaust gas treatment that meets the emission limits set by IMO and made an offer for Viking Line of delivering such equipment to M/S Gabriella, which started operating in 1991. Under closer review is the ship itself, its equipment, and changes to be made onboard, Wärtsilä's scrubber appliances, appliance placement and benefits achieved by installation.The main focus is on closed loop fresh water scrubber but also open loop sea water is reviewed and a comparison is made between these two. The thesis attempts to point out the importance of weight management in retrofit projects and search for solutions to this project, which will decrease mass onboard. Although installation is quite challenging, it should be technically possible to execute. The profit achieved in terms of money is relatively significant. Installation of scrubber makes the usage of high sulfur content fuel oil possible, which is remarkably cheaper than low sulfur marine gas oil. All in all the thesis will recommend that installation of such equipment should be made before it is too late. Savings made with the installation annually, even with such aged ship, are enormous when the fuel oil type is changed. All the appliances can be fitted inside the ship reasonably.It is found that there are no problems with the stability and the weight reduction solutions are successful. Changes to the existing structures are relatively minor, where the lengthening of existing funnel can be mentioned as one of the biggest.
Trenchless technology : pipeline and utility design, construction, and renewal
Installing and configuring web servers using Apache
Basic electrical installation work
Re-engineering legacy software through language conversion
Manufacturing and erection of telecommunication towers
Abstract.
Windows Server 2012 Unified Remote Access : Planning and Deployment
Windows XP for starters : the missing manual
All-in-one CompTIA A+ certification exam guide : (exams 220-701 & 220-702)
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 : administrator's pocket consultant
Software installation system for OpixManager
My super PC : how to build your own computer
Training guide : installing and configuring Windows Server 2012 R2
The hydraulic trainer. Volume 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems : a training manual for the planning and design of hydraulic power systems
The Dellorto superformance
Power plant instrumentation and control handbook : a guide to thermal power plants
This thesis is done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences (OUAS) School of Business and Information Management. The main objective of the thesis is to implement a software installation system for OpixManager that supports local and remote server installation. At moment new users may need to do the manual installation before execution. Database creation and configuration have to be done by hand based on the tutorial that is available on OpixProject website. However, the manual installation process is not convenient for end users. Therefore, an automatic system is to be developed to enable simple and quick installation for users. In addition, the personal goal of this thesis is to learn how to implement the installation system for open-source software and new web development technologies. This research covers the knowledge base and development of installation system for Opix-Manager. Primarily, concepts of web application installation procedures and usability are studied before the implementation. Installation process and technology behind the OpixManager needs to be revised in order to develop an installation system. In addition, other installation systems like Wordpress will be studied to get ideas for implementation. The practical part will focus on implementing a tool for OpixManager to perform the installation process with simple and friendly web-based user interface, which can fulfill requirements of the commissioner.
Hands-on race car engineer
Red Hat Linux 8 unleashed
Maintenance of electrical installations in buildings
