http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9999 reduction (philosophy)
reduction (philosophy)
Experimental study on nitric oxide formation in fluidized bed combustion conditions using design of experiments
Reduction, abstraction, analysis
Phonetics reduction in spontaneous speech : an investigation of native and non-native production
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Kinetic study on solid state and smelting reduction of chromite ore
Towards a phenomenology of repression : a Husserlian reply to the Freudian challenge
Modelling of slag emulsification and slag reduction in CAS-OB process
Jacques Derrida and the question of interpretation : the phenomenological reduction, the intention of the author, and Kafka's law
The handbook of phonological theory
Ontological reduction
Reduction and emergence in science and philosophy
Experimental and modelling aspects of nitrogen oxide reduction in mini- and microreactors
Phenomenology and reduction
Referat.
Chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes via alkali metal reduction
Vowel patterns in language
Oxygen photoreduction in cyanobacteria
Carbon nanotubes are a promising material for various applications due to their unique collection of properties. However, carbon nanotube material as such is inert and insoluble, which hampers the true realization of its potential. In order to enhance the applicability of carbon nanotubes, their surface must be modified. This work concerned the chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes (SWNT) by the Birch reduction, which is based on the reduction of the SWNT surface with the valence electron of alkali metal solvated in liquid ammonia. The reduction generates a SWNT anion, which reacts with electrophiles resulting in the covalent attachment of functional groups to the tube surface. In this work, aryl halides or alcohols were used as electrophiles to yield arylated or hydrogenated SWNTs, respectively.At first, the goal was to modify SWNTs as a filler material for polystyrene. The use of five halogenated ethenylphenyl derivatives as electrophiles revealed that the structure of electrophile affected the success of functionalization and the solubility of SWNTs in polystyrene-toluene solution. The most successful functionalization and solubilization of SWNTs were achieved with 1-chloro-4-ethenylbenzene.In the second part, liquid ammonia was replaced with a new solvent, 1-methoxy-2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethane (diglyme) in order to avoid the restrictions, hazards and inconvenience of its handling. The work concentrated on the study of alkali metal reduction of SWNTs in diglyme by the use of arylation with 4-iodobenzoic acid or 4-chlorobenzoic acid and hydrogenation as model reactions. Li, Na or K was used as an alkali metal while naphthalene or 1-tert-butyl-4-(4-tert-butylphenyl)benzene was used in order to enhance the solvation of electrons. As a result, functionalization was simplified and enhanced. Electrophile affected the functionalization in such a way that arylation was significantly more successful than hydrogenation. The effect of alkali metal and electron carrier varied with electrophile. The most successful hydrogenation was achieved with the complex of Li and 1-tert-butyl-4-(4-tert-butylphenyl)benzene while arylation was the most successful with the complex of K and naphthalene. The solubility of SWNTs in water, ethanol, methanol and dimethylformamide was clearly improved by arylation whereas hydrogenation led to moderate improvement.
An introduction to Husserlś phenomenology
Language and the phenomenological reductions of Edmund Husserl
The effects of Fe(III) and other alternative electron acceptors on methane biogeochemistry in boreal lake sediments
Limiting phenomena related to the use of iron ore pellets in a blast furnace
Iron(III) as Lewis acid catalyst in organosilicon and carbonyl chemistry
A short course on reduction : 8-9 April 2008, POHTO, Oulu
Emergence in the philosophy of mind
Reduction of uranyl carbonate and hydroxyl complexes and neptunyl carbonate complexes studied with chemical-electrochemical methods and RIXS spectroscopy
The regulation of peasant duties in Estonia in the 17th-19th centuries and the myth of the "Good Swedish Era"
Phonology : a cognitive grammar introduction
The performance, kinetics and microbiology of sulfidogenic fluidized-bed reactors treating acidic metal- and sulfate-containing wastewater
Philosophical naturalism
Philosophers often have tried to either reduce 'disagreeable' objects or concepts to (more) acceptable objects or concepts. Reduction is regarded attractive by those who subscribe to an ideal of ontological parsimony. But the topic is not just restricted to traditional metaphysics or ontology. In the philosophy of mathematics, abstraction principles, such as Hume's principle, have been suggested to support a reconstruction of mathematics by logical means only. In the philosophy of language and the philosophy of science, the logical analysis of language has long been regarded to be the dominating paradigm, and liberalised projects of logical reconstruction remain to be driving forces of modern philosophy. This volume collects contributions comprising all those topics, including articles by Alexander Bird, Jaakko Hintikka, James Ladyman, Rohit Parikh, Gerhard Schurz, Peter Simons, Crispin Wright and Edward N Zalta.
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Exhaust gas emissions, e.g. nitrogen oxides (NOx), hydrocarbons (HCs) and carbon monoxide (CO), are harmful to human health and the environment. Catalysis is an efficient method to decrease these emissions. Unfortunately, the fuels and lubricant oils may contain chemical impurities that are also present in exhaust gases. Thus, catalytic materials with high activity and chemical resistance towards impurities are needed in the abatement of exhaust gas emission.In this thesis, the aim was to gain new knowledge about the effects of chemical impurities on the behaviour and activity of the catalysts. To find out these effects, the impurities existing in the exhaust gas particulate matter after combustion of biofuels and fossil fuels were analysed. The studied zeolite (ZSM-5), cerium-zirconium mixed oxides (CeZr and ZrCe) and silicon-zirconium oxide (SiZr) based catalysts were also treated with impurities to simulate the poisoning of the catalysts by, e.g. potassium, sodium, phosphorus and sulphur, using gas or liquid phase treatments. Several characterization techniques were applied to find out the effects of impurities on catalysts' properties. The activity of catalysts was tested in laboratory-scale measurements in CO and HC oxidation and NOx reduction using ammonia (NH3) and hydrogen (H2) as reductants.The results revealed that the CeZr based catalysts had a high activity in NOx reduction by NH3 and moderate activity by H2. Sulphur was proven to enhance the activity of CeZr catalysts in NOx reduction. This is due to an increase in chemisorbed oxygen after the sulphur treatment on the catalyst surface. Instead, in HC and CO oxidation reactions, sulphur had a negligible impact on the activity of the SiZr based diesel oxidation catalyst. Thus, both CeZr and SiZr based catalysts can be utilized in exhaust gas purification when sulphur is present. ZSM-5 based catalysts were proven to be resistant to potassium and sodium. Alternatively, the activity of SiZr based catalysts decreased due to phosphorus. Thus, the removal of biomaterial-based impurities from the exhaust gases is needed to retain high catalyst activity in the exhaust gas after-treatment system.
Causes and coincidences
Reduction and analysis methods of indigo
Development of an environment for virtual testing of SCR systems
Graphene from graphite by chemical and physical techniques
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities : the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
The devil in the details : asymptotic reasoning in explanation, reduction, and emergence
"Linguists researching the sounds of languages do not just study lists of sounds but seek to discover generalizations about sound patterns by grouping them into categories. They study the common properties of each category and identify what distinguishes one category from another. Vowel patterns, for instance, are analysed and compared across languages to identify phonological similarities and differences. This original account of vowel patterns in language brings a wealth of cross-linguistic material to the study of vowel systems and offers new theoretical insights. Informed by research in speech perception and production, it addresses the fundamental question of how the relative prominence of word position influences vowel processes and distributions. The book combines a cross-linguistic focus with detailed case studies. Descriptions and analyses are provided for vowel patterns in over 25 languages from around the world, with particular emphasis on minor Romance languages and on the diachronic development of the German umlaut." --Publisher's website.
Edmund Husserl's phenomenology
A parallel radix-4 block cyclic reduction algorithm
Ozone connections : expert networks in global environment governance
