http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p9998 outsourcing
outsourcing
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing under labour market imperfections
Flexible outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Institutionalizing cloud infrastructure : major change factors and business reformations
Outsourcing : the definitive view, applications and implications
Choosing an export forwarding service provider : case Company A
Abstract.
The IT outsourcing guide
Market research: Outsourcing companies' indirect procurements to a third party (Company X Ltd.)
Successful outsourcing process : a study of outsourcing salary administration case study
Outsourced financial shared service centres : how to stay in control
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and labour taxation under both unionized and competitive labour markets
Coordinated public input provision as a tool for redistribution under international outsourcing
Investigation on the relocation and backshoring strategies of french manufacturing companies
Outsourcing and human resource management : an international survey
Strategic outsourcing of R&D : the location-specific advantages of India to the pharmaceutical industry
Managing business support services : strategies for outsourcing & facilities management
Integrating logistics in outsourcing decisions
Sourcing of subsidiary administration services in a global company
Deviations of governance in IT multisourcing : a case study
This Bachelor's thesis focuses on the implementation process of a new supply chain customer and provide guidelines for future implementation processes. The focus was on the problems with the current implementation process and the ways in which the parties involved overcome the difficulties. The research was condcuted in face-to-face and email interviews of the personnel involved with the daily supply chain process. Both authors have been working with the case company during the time of the implementation process and can contribute with their own experience as well. The study includes introdcution, an overview of the concepts and definitons. Theoretical frame of reference introduces the generally acknowledged practices in supply chain management and third-party logistics.  Case study section focuses to the processed and methosds used in the suply chain. The evaluation of the implemenation process in the discussion sections suggests improvements and conclusion for service provider to take under considaration to further develop the service concept. The case company is a Finnish freight forwarding company in the field of logistics and it operates throughout the globe. Service range consists of air, sea and terminal operations.  The key customer of the research is a wholesaler for various merchandise retailers in Finland and they have a supply flow from Far and South-East Asia, Central Europe and Baltic's. The research mainly focuses on the Far East Asian trade as it consist majority mode of transportation for the key customer.
Outsourcing marketing – expectations and defining the roles of the participants
Minimum wage policies as well as the business practice of outsourcing have important implications for the labor market outcomes of (primarily) lowskilled labor. This paper concerns optimal redistributive income taxation and provision of a public input in a twotype model with a minimum wage policy implemented for the lowability type. We assume that firms use part of their resources for outsourcing by locating part of the production process abroad. Our results show that desire to relax the selfselection constraint and the incentive to increase employment among lowability agents reinforce each other in terms of marginal income taxation. In addition, the appearance of equilibrium unemployment provides an incentive for the government to directly tax outsourcing. Without a direct instrument for taxing outsourcing, the government may reduce the amount of resources spent on outsourcing by increased provision of the public input good which is desirable for two reasons, as reduced outsourcing contributes to less wage inequality and increased employment.
DHL Spare part management : case: Cosmote,Greece
Imperative criteria for selecting software outsourcing providers used by Finnish companies
The need and importance of outsourcing for small and medium sized companies : case "PAQUS"
Optimal income taxation, outsourcing and policy cooperation in a dynamic economy
Impacts of labor taxation with perfectly and imperfectly competitive domestic labor markets under flexible outsourcing
Choosing recruitment agency to outsource personnel
This book pinpoints and describes in detail the effective practices that characterize the top global BPO performers, including Microsoft, BP, EMC and TalkTalk. The authors provide case illustrations and examples throughout of how world-class practices were generated and evolved, and how they can be applied to real life settings and problem areas.
Outsourcing cost and tax progression under Nash wage bargaining with flexible outsourcing
Outsourcing as a tool in strengthening the business functions in a multi-national company : case study: Nextrom oy
International outsourcing process : Three Software Subcontractors in West Bank
Evaluating Warehouse-outsourcing options for a small IT-retail company : A case study
Purchasing and supply chain management
E-commerce outsourcing services for Finland's SMEs : case study : Shoppaamaan.fi
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Information technology outsourcing : flexible approach to success
Has customer satisfaction been  affected by the offshoring trend of call centres in the  British insurance industry?
DHL Exel Supply Chain Hungary Ltd. which operates as logistics partner for Nokia Siemens Networks is the client of this work and the thesis described Nokia Siemens Network?s customer order-delivery process in two systems. These systems are ELOG and SAP R/3. The purpose of this thesis was to study the logistics supply chain management and control.  The work was carried out by studying Nokia Siemens Network's customer Cosmote spare part order- delivery process. The work was based on author's own practical experiences, which took place during work replacement period in the spring of 2010 in Budapest, Hungary. By studying the process the aim was to search possible weaknesses in both systems that were used to handle the orders and describe them as accurately as possible. Finally there were examinations on how these problems could be solved. This thesis described the order-delivery process and how it has evolved over the years. Also, what kinds of applications have resulted as the technology has developed. An example of this, is Nokia Siemens Networks customer's Cosmote spare part distribution in spare part management order-delivery type. Also, outsourcing and the possibilities that it delivers and challenges were described in its own chapter. Finally, there is a call center description in spare part management process and its role in the order-delivery process. The last chapter described problems in the customer order process and displayed possible changes and recommendations. The most important results were discussed with DHL. These results included preventing product- and person information lost in ELOG when dealing with orders and in SAP preventing duplication of product serial numbers. These points will be used as basis and monitor for other customer processes. Important conclusions were how vulnerable information systems are and how easily they can lose information between the parties. This has serious effects on the functionality of the supply chain from the subcontractor to the end customer.
Development of service desk function through insourcing
The Utility of Offshoring : A Rawlsian Critique
Evaluation of market attractiveness of maintenance outsourcing in the Polish manufacturing industries : Case: MaintProfessionals
Environmental sustainability as criteria when choosing third party logistic providers
Outsourcing and labor taxation in dual labor markets
This text takes a view of the crucial issues involved in supply chain management. The discussion introduces the concept of risk, information and social capital management that will ensure supply chain excellence and maturity according to the Poirier's model.
The effect of labour tax progression under Nash wage bargaining and flexible outsourcing
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
The Need and Importance of Outsourcing for Small and Medium Sized Companies : case "PAQUS"
Outsourcing and management : why the market benchmark will topple old school management styles
A comparative test of the efficiency, focus and learning perpectives of outsourcing
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Understanding and managing IT outsourcing : a partnership approach
The insider's guide to outsourcing risks and rewards
How to manage people in an outsourcing project : case Nokia Oyj: restructuring housekeeping services in Finland, 2000-2004
Business process outsourcing from the employee perspective : a case study of a global change project in a subsidiary in Finland
Different ways to organize the processes of financial administration : a field study of medium-sized Finnish companies
Strategic outsourcing : outsourcing strategies and their implications on the succes of an outsourcing venture
Essentials of business process outsourcing
Mitigating uncertainty in logistics outsourcing with ERP systems
When looking for a partner to conduct an outsourced service for a company, it is often the case that the decision of choosing a partner is not an objective one. In order to lend support to reaching a decision that is as objective as possible, the author has created a management tool to be used as a part of the process. The tool is a form that is filled out before inquiries are sent out to potential partners and key milestones are set in the management tool to distinguish the synergies that the company outsourcing is looking for and has established as being critical for the service provision to be successful whilst being provided by a third party. These milestones are then used to build the requests for proposals that are forwarded to pre-determined parties in a fashion that allows the project team or body to use the management tool to interpret the answers of the proposals received. The key aspects are graded and filled in to the tool according to the level the requirements are filled in. Once the grades have been filled in to the management tool, the tool then calculates the sum of the different parts that have been pre-specified and offers a possibility to give a weighted average to each deliverable and category, depending on the importance the category or deliverable has to the overall outsourcing project. The tool is not meant to be used as a single means of evaluating the process, but is designed to offer additional support and negate the potential influence any person has towards any of the potential partners and allows the evaluating body to thoroughly map all turn key deliverables and aspects necessary to make an educated decision without a risk of favouring one potential partner over another.
Commercialising security in Europe : political consequences for peace operations
Analysis of the Risk Management Third-Party Logistics in China
Outsourcing of unionized firms and the impacts of labour market policy reforms
Invisible costs in information system service delivery with offshore resources
Factords behind successful IT sourcing and recent trends
Vertical business process outsourcing in an IT vendor's service portfolio
Market Research into the willingness of Finnish companies to outsource their operations
Managing change in IT outsourcing : towards a dynamic fit model
Process description: The payroll administration take-over of a foreign company in Finland
Topics in lean supply chain management
Expectations and challenges facing HR service providers in outsourcing recruitment and selection activities in Ghana
Outsourcing, public input provision and policy cooperation
The development of customer satisfaction survey tool for outsourcing services business
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Alexey Goder and Tatiana Gromova share their experience in managing offshore development projects and remote project management. They summarize their experience in intellectual property protection, remote human resource management and financial models for outsourcing.
A framework for requirements specification in software development outsourcing
Improving the outsourced application development and maintenence process : case Elcoteq Oyj
Managing change successfully : using theory and experience to implement change
Strategic outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Vendor Managed Inventory : Case Wärtsilä Industrial Operations
A guide to international outsourcing : how to achieve success and avoid common mistakes
Organization design : a guide to building effective organizations
Offshore outsourcing : business models, ROI, and best practices
Global production cost Comparison in outsourced manufacturing
Feasibility study to improve the productivity of pre-assembly : make-or-buy analysis
Managing offshore outsourcing of software development using the ICT-supported unified process model : a cross-case analysis
Referat: Internationaliserande ekonomier.
The formation and management of a software outsourcing partnership : a case study
Creating a tool for the objective evaluating of outsourcing service proposals
Implementing Brand Management in Internal Corporate Communication in a Global Outsourced Project
Success of IT outsourcing from the viewpoint of information resource management : case Aker Yards, Finland
Vested outsourcing : five rules that will transform outsourcing
Outsource It! : a no-holds-barred look at the good, the bad, and the ugly of offshoring tech projects
Offshore outsourcing of IT work : client and supplier perspectives
How do quality metrics influence the price of an outsourcing contract? : a case study of co-sourcing in the call center field
Outsourcing, public input provision and policy cooperation : a note
Outsourced Vs. in-house workforce in technical inspection business in Finland : Case: Moody International Finland Oy
The new IT outsourcing landscape : from innovation to cloud services
Nine keys to world-class business process outsourcing
"With the rate of change in organizations at an all-time high, the need for strong organization design has never been more pressing. Organization Design provides a complete road map to design and delivery and covers all the critical areas including downsizing, outsourcing, job design, change management and re-structuring. This thoroughly revised edition is a practical toolkit to take organization designers from start to finish, outlining the basic theory, providing a step-by-step approach to implementation, and offering solutions to the recurring challenges that will inevitably be met along the way"--
ICT outsourcing and corporate strategy : case: Finnish banking industry
Collaboration in outsourcing : a journey to quality
Effective Outsourcing of Furniture Production for International Companies in Vietnam
Six billion minds
The role of profit sharing in dual labour market with flexible outsourcing
This book contains 13 papers from the 7th Workshop on Global Sourcing, held in Val d'Isere, France, during March 11-14, 2013, which were reviewed and selected from 40 submissions. They are based on a vast empirical base brought together by researchers in information systems, strategic management, and operations. This volume is intended for students, academics, and practitioners interested in research results and experiences on outsourcing and offshoring of information technology and business processes. The topics discussed represent both client and supplier perspectives on sourcing of global services, combine theoretical and practical insights regarding challenges that both clients and vendors face, and include case studies from client and vendor organizations.
Sourcing from China : understanding product quality risks and how to manage them
Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), Case Siltanen oy
Improving the offshoring process : development of Nordea's NOC project
Cost efficiency in international multi-site engagements : Case: Capgemini Finland Ltd
Finance and accounting business process outsourcing in China
Abstract: The research question in this dissertation is: “To what extent does literature on the benefits of outsourcing billing match the information gained from companies in Finland and would these companies in fact benefit from outsourcing billing?” This dissertation will look at the disadvantages and advantages of outsourcing billing as they are expressed in the relevant academic literature and articles in the Finnish media. The purpose of the research question is to identify a literature gap that exists between the two sides, the academic literature and the case study, as the questions look at the differences and then compare which side is more right in the discussion or whether the both sides agree.
A study on outsourcing billing services in Finland
The making of information systems : software engineering and management in a globalized world
Outsourced High-strength Steel Purchasing
Outsourcing small-medium sized companies' purchasing department
Striving for strategic partnership in hospitality industry : Case study: Company X and Company Y
Outsourced high-strength steel purchasing
Business process outsourcing : process, strategies, and contracts
Role of transaction cost theory, agency theory & knowledge based theory in decision of off shoring information system in cross cultural context : a case study of Finland-India
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
Outsourcing and optimal nonlinear taxation : a note
Outsourcing and offshoring in the 21st century : a socio-economic perspective
International logistics and supply chain outsourcing : from local to global
The outsourcing dilemma : the search for competitiveness
The process of outsourcing : strategic and operational realities
Selecting a partner in production outsourcing and subcontracting
Managing offshore outsourcing of software r&d projects : case experience from Indian software companies
Facilities management handbook
Quality of outsourced IT services in different degrees of offshoring
A relational view on IT outsourcing : identifying dimensions and determinants of relationship quality
Outsourcing training and development : factors for success
The purpose of this thesis is to determine factors that lead to a successful insourcing process. The insourcing process has been finalized and is functioning. The objectives of the thesis are to determine what the factors are that makes the outsourcing a bad option for Clinic D. And at the same time it determines what the factors that make the insourcing process tangible are. The author has used methodology that supports both the qualitative and quantitative research method. Interviews with department supervisors and questioning employees with the help of a questionnaire will help understand outsourcing and insourcing better. Outsourcing has been a trend for a long time and it is still going on. But organizations are realizing that not all operations, departments, tasks and projects are suitable for outsourcing and they are reconsidering their position. Many do decide to insource and the author wants to help these organizations to make a successful decision based on good research. Taking into account many things in this process is important as it is a great step in an organizations function. one need to weigh out all the options, pros and cons that in the end leads to the final decision. One needs to consider the whole organization when deciding such a change as it will affect the whole organization, not only the insourcing department or section. The results of the research have been positive and will be a good example for other organizations considering a similar transaction. This will show what the result of the insourcing process has done to the clinic and what affect it has had.
Logistics outsourcing relationships; measurements, antecedents, and effects of logistics outsourcing performance
Can profit sharing lower flexible outsourcing? : a note
Vietnam as an emerging software outsourcing destination for Finnish outsourcers
Public sector outsourcing contracts : the impact of uncertainty, incentives and transaction costs on contractual relationships
The payroll administration insourcing process
Offshoring and outsourcing under demand uncertainty : a supply chain management analysis
Strategic information systems outsourcing in banks
Advances in global sourcing : models, governance, and relationships : 7th Global Sourcing Workshop 2013, Val d'Isère, France, March 11-14, 2013 : revised selected papers
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
The effects of labour tax progression under Nash wage bargaining and flexible outsourcing
Finding improvement suggestions for Bonnier's magazine cancellation service, and evaluating the results and need of outsourcing
Successful outsourcing process  : A study of outsourcing salary administration case study
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces' supply chain management
Comparison of outsourced operations in wood procurement in Finland and Slovakia
HUMAN RESOURCE OUTSOURCING IN CHINA: case company: WISCO
Outsourcing : design, process, and performance
The trend toward outsourcing is nothing new in the business world. Human  resources, Information Technology, logistics, all these functions have already been transferred to service providers in order to focus on the organizations' core competences and reduce costs. And the market is still growing, especially in the Emerging Countries such as India or Russia where it is now possible to outsource  other core business functions, like purchasing. The aim of this Bachelor's Thesis is to study the feasibility of outsourcing the purchasing department of small medium-sized companies (SMEs). It was decided to narrow the subject to outsource this function to a purchasing group. Additionally, the study concentrates on French and Finnish SMEs in order to have an overview of what the market could react about the subject. The thesis reviews relevant literatures about outsourcing and purchasing, and examines the transaction cost theory as well as the power theory, both necessary to support the study of the subject. A quantitative questionnaire was conducted online, using a free host website, with the purpose to find out attitudes, opinions, and  practices of SMEs toward outsourcing in general and outsourcing the purchasing function to a purchasing group.
Managing information technology investments with outsourcing
Factory location analysis and reduction of the firm's manufacturing footprint
Carrier selection and management : A case study on Neste Oil Retail
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment
Outsourcing security : a guide for contracting services
Quality of professional services outsourced for hub suppliers
Managing towards supply chain maturity : business process outsourcing and offshoring
"A complete guide to organization design, this book offers both an understanding of organizational theory as well as practical advice for how to implement OD in any organization. Divided into three sections, it covers the fundamentals of organizational design, provide a unique step-by-step methodology, and discuss solutions to recurring challenges. Topics include: the essential building blocks, mapping design options, how to assess capability maturity, how to size an organization, and how to maintain design integrity over time. Readers will gain the confidence and skills to put great organization design into practice to ensure business success. This second edition is updated with new case studies and short examples throughout particularly focusing on adding HR and International studies, more tips for practitioners, summaries at the beginning of each chapter and reflections at the end of each chapter"--
Implementing a new supply chain customer for the case company X
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
The services shift : seizing the ultimate offshore opportunity
We analyze the following questions associated with flexible outsourcing with committed profit sharing under partly imperfect dual domestic labour markets, where high skilled workers participate on firm's profit via profit sharing: How does the implementation of profit sharing influence flexible outsourcing? What is the relationship between outsourcing cost, profit sharing and wages? We show that profit sharing has a positive effect on low skilled wage and thus an outsourcing enhancing character. The wages of both types of labour are negatively correlated and we show that lower outsourcing cost can increase the wage dispersion by decreasing the low skilled wage and raising the high skilled wage.The overall effect of profit sharing on high skilled wage is ambiguous due to a positive direct effect and a negative indirectly effect via the low skilled wage.
Technology, outsourcing and transforming HR
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and wage solidarity under labour market imperfections
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
Building a future with BRICs : the next decade for offshoring
Valuation of rotable spare parts
Offshoring in the global economy : microeconomic structure and macroeconomic implications
